

Millennium International Management LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























millennium international management lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Millennium International Management LP operates as an investment management firm. The Company provides portfolio management and investment advisory services. Millennium International Management serves clients worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

666 5th Avenue
New York, NY 10103
United States


Phone:
1-212-841-4100


Fax:
1-212-320-1646


Web url:
www.mlp.com























From The Web












Press Releases




IMG: Millennium Partners, L.P.: Form 8.3 - Imagination Technologies Group Plc

Jul 20, 2017



IMG: Millennium Partners, L.P.: Form 8.3 - Imagination Technologies Group Plc

Jul 19, 2017



IMG: Millennium Partners, L.P.: Form 8.3 - Imagination Technologies Group Plc

Jul 18, 2017



IMG: Millennium Partners, L.P.: Form 8.3 - Imagination Technologies Group Plc

Jul 17, 2017



IMG: Millennium Partners, L.P.: Form 8.3 - Imagination Technologies plc

Jul 14, 2017



EXO: Millennium Partners, L.P.: Form 8.3 - Exova Group Plc

Jun 28, 2017



PUB: Millennium Partners, L.P.: Form 8.3 - Punch Taverns Plc

May 15, 2017



PUB: Millennium Partners, L.P.: Form 8.3 - Punch Taverns Plc

May 12, 2017







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































Home | Millennium Management




































Our Locations


Investor Login









Show navigation








                A Global InvestmentManagement Firm
            

Learn More








WHO WE ARE
Millennium Management is a global investment management firm founded in 1989 that manages approximately $34.3 billion in assets as of July 1, 2017. Millennium has more than 2,200 employees with offices in the United States, Europe and Asia.
Over the last 25+ years, our mission has remained constant: to deliver the alternative investment industry’s highest quality returns to our investors, and to maintain a commitment to our principles of integrity, discipline and excellence.
Learn More







WHAT WE DO
We employ a global, multi-strategy investment approach, opportunistically engaging in a broad array of trading and investing strategies across a wide group of diversified managers.
Our specialized divisions have built and continually evolve our core infrastructure platform. This enables our trading teams to pursue their unique investment strategies independently, while operating within one centrally-driven risk and operational framework.
Learn More











WHAT WE DO
We employ a global, multi-strategy investment approach, opportunistically engaging in a broad array of trading and investing strategies across a wide group of diversified managers.
Our specialized divisions have built and continually evolve our core infrastructure platform. This enables our trading teams to pursue their unique investment strategies independently, while operating within one centrally-driven risk and operational framework.
Learn More







CAREERS

Our firm harnesses the entrepreneurial drive of our people, and we strive to employ among the best in the industry. We offer an opportunity for developing one’s career while working with individuals trained in a variety of disciplines in a collegial and dynamic environment.
Learn More


















Our Locations | Millennium Management




































Our Locations


Investor Login









Show navigation







Our Locations








New York

Principal Office

666 Fifth Avenue
New York, NY, 10103



Info@mlp.com



London


50 Berkeley Street
London W1J 8HD
United Kingdom






Singapore


80 Raffles Place
UOB Plaza 2
Singapore 048624






Hong Kong


50 Connaught Road Central
Central
Hong Kong






Tokyo


Tokyo Midtown Tower
9-7-1 Akasaka
Minatu-ku






Greenwich


1700 East Putnam Ave.
Old Greenwich
Connecticut, 06870






Geneva


42 Rue du Rhone

Geneva, Switzerland
1204





















Who We Are | Millennium Management




































Our Locations


Investor Login









Show navigation







Who We Are







Millennium Management is a global investment management firm founded in 1989 that manages approximately $34.3 billion in assets as of July 1, 2017. We have more than 2,200 employees working across offices in the United States, Europe and Asia.
Over the last 25+ years, our mission has remained constant: to deliver the alternative investment industry’s highest quality returns to our investors, and to maintain a commitment to our principles of integrity, discipline and excellence.
Millennium allocates capital across a diverse set of strategies involving a variety of predominantly liquid asset classes. The primary focus of our business is on generating high-quality returns by engaging and overseeing a large number of specialized trading teams, each of which pursues specific strategies. Our core infrastructure enables trading teams to pursue their independent strategies by delivering a flexible, scalable and efficient platform within a rigorous control environment.






Our Foundations









Enduring principles of integrity, discipline and excellenceWhen we think about Millennium’s culture, the characteristics of integrity, discipline and excellence are embedded within our individuals and the Firm. It's how we all aspire to operate every day—and these are the characteristics that define Millennium as an organization. That is who we are.


Trading talentOur trading teams pursue independent strategies based on their specific expertise. They are empowered to act with relative autonomy within their respective areas and are governed by a set of risk, compliance and operational controls.


 


Alignment with our investorsOur investors are our partners and everything we do revolves around delivering the alternative investment industry’s highest quality returns. This alignment with our investors is a critical aspect of our organization. Millennium’s employees are also significant investors and are proud to be invested alongside a diverse and global investor base. In managing the Firm, we don’t need to try to put ourselves into our investors’ shoes – we’re already wearing them.


Core infrastructureOur core infrastructure enables our trading teams to pursue their strategies within a rigorous control environment designed to manage risk effectively.


 








 


 










Senior Management


Millennium’s Senior Management is responsible for the overall strategy across all of our investing and core infrastructure activities. Our senior leadership team is well-suited to meet the challenges of the complex and constantly changing environment in which we operate, and is ultimately responsible for the allocation of capital and risk among strategies, maintaining an institutional core infrastructure platform, and ensuring that Millennium remains an industry-leading alternative investment management firm.
Millennium was founded in 1989 by Israel Englander. In the early 1990s, Mr. Englander transitioned from daily direct trading activities to focusing on building and managing a sustainable and advanced investment platform capable of attracting and retaining the world’s top trading talent.







Israel Englander
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer



Mr. Englander is Millennium Management's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Englander has over 45 years of experience in securities and derivatives across a broad range of instruments and strategies. He worked as a floor broker and trader on the American Stock Exchange, owned a specialist operation from 1982 to 2008, is former chairman of the Specialist Association and has served on numerous American Stock Exchange committees, including Allocations, Allocation Procedures, Emerging Company Marketplace, Options and Special Allocations. He founded Millennium in 1989 with $35 million under management. Mr. Englander graduated from New York University with a BS in Finance, and attended New York University Graduate School of Business Administration.






John Anderson
Co-Head of Fixed Income & Commodities  



Mr. Anderson is the Co-Head of Fixed Income & Commodities, based in London. He has responsibility for the daily oversight and management of Millennium’s commodities and fixed income portfolio managers.  Prior to joining Millennium, Mr. Anderson spent 24 years with JPMorgan in numerous trading and trading management roles. He started his financial career as a Fixed Income derivatives trader, eventually managing global Fixed Income Rates and FX trading before moving into the commodities business. Within commodities, he ran proprietary trading, metals trading, global energy trading and principal investments before becoming co-Head of JPMorgan's Global Commodities business. Mr. Anderson earned a BS degree from Lafayette College, a Master’s in Business Administration from the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan and holds the CFA designation.






Bob Jain
Co-Chief Investment Officer                                                                                                                           



Bob Jain is Co-Chief Investment Officer of Millennium. Prior to his current role, Mr. Jain was at Credit Suisse for 20 years in various roles, including Global Head of Asset Management, Co-Head of Global Securities, and Global Head of Proprietary Trading across equities and fixed income. He began his career at O'Connor & Associates as an Options Trader.  Mr. Jain received his B.A. with honors in Government from Cornell University and is a Chartered Financial Analyst.  Mr. Jain sits on various philanthropic and industry bodies including the Board of Harvard Management Corporation and The Investor Advisory Committee of the NY Federal Reserve.






Simon Lorne
Vice Chairman, Chief Legal Officer



Mr. Lorne is Millennium's Vice Chairman and Chief Legal Officer. Mr. Lorne oversees compliance, legal, and regulatory functions, along with management controls and internal audit. Mr. Lorne had been a partner in the law firm of Munger, Tolles & Olson LLP, which he rejoined in 1999 after originally becoming a partner in 1972. In 1996, he became a Managing Director at Salomon Brothers where he served as Global Head of Internal Audit. Following the merger of Salomon Brothers into Travelers Group Inc., he continued as Managing Director and as a senior member of the General Counsel’s office. With the merger of Travelers Group and Citicorp, he organized and coordinated the global compliance functions of Citigroup. From 1993 to 1996, Mr. Lorne was General Counsel of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Mr. Lorne graduated cum laude with an AB from Occidental College and received his JD, magna cum laude, from the University of Michigan Law School. Mr. Lorne also serves as the Chairman of the Alternative Investment Management Association (AIMA).






Mark Meskin
Chief Trading Officer



Mr. Meskin is Chief Trading Officer. Mr. Meskin has oversight of Millennium’s day-to-day trading and works with the Portfolio Managers to ensure they have the optimal platform to operate their trading strategies. In this role, he is also involved in Portfolio Manager evaluation, recruitment, and monitoring as well as coordinating with the various departments to support the needs of Millennium’s trading strategies. Additionally, Mr. Meskin is currently managing the equities business on an interim basis. Prior to joining the Firm, he spent nine years as Managing Director/Principal for Helfant Group, Inc., a NYSE member firm, responsible for the upstairs trading, operations and technology areas. Mr. Meskin has an MBA in Finance from New York University and a Master’s in Information Systems from the University of Cape Town, South Africa.






Ajay Nagpal
Chief Operating Officer



Mr. Nagpal is Millennium’s Chief Operating Officer overseeing various business areas of Millennium’s global activities. Prior to joining Millennium in 2013, Mr. Nagpal was the Global Head of Prime Services at Barclays. He occupied this position since 2008, having transitioned to Barclays as part of the acquisition of Lehman Brothers’ U.S. businesses. He was a Managing Director with Lehman Brothers from 2001-2008. He began as Head of Liquid Market Sales in Fixed Income. In 2005, he transitioned to the role of Global Head of Equities Sales. Mr. Nagpal began his career at JP Morgan in 1992 in fixed income derivatives. Mr. Nagpal has a BA from Brown University and a Masters in Public Policy from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.










David Nolan
Vice Chairman



Mr. Nolan is Millennium's Vice Chairman. Mr. Nolan started his career at Merrill Lynch in 1971 and rose to Vice President, Head of Institutional Convertible Securities. In 1981, he joined Spear Leeds & Kellogg in their newly formed Upstairs Trading Department. In 1984, he was admitted as a Partner and joined their Executive Committee, a position he held until 1990. In 1992, Mr. Nolan started a hedge fund, Davos Partners, which he ran until joining the General Partner. Mr. Nolan graduated from Johns Hopkins University with a BA in Humanities, and attended New York University Graduate School of Business Administration.






Peter Santoro
Global Head of Equities 



Mr. Santoro is Millennium’s Global Head of Equities. He joins Millennium with 24 years of prior experience in trading and risk management.   Mr. Santoro has daily oversight and management responsibilities for Millennium’s Equity portfolio managers and teams globally, including relative value fundamental and merger arb/event equities strategies.  He shares responsibility along with the rest of the senior management team for Portfolio Manager selection, capital allocation, evaluation of transactions and risk exceptions, and management of the global firm-wide equity aggregated risk.  Prior to joining Millennium, Mr. Santoro spent seven years at Morgan Stanley, most recently as Global Head of Equity Trading, where he was responsible for leading the equity business with a team of over 200 traders. Prior to this role Mr. Santoro served as the Head of Equities Trading for the Americas.  Before joining Morgan Stanley, Mr. Santoro held various trading and leadership roles at Citadel, Citi and Knight Trading Group across equities, equity derivatives, execution services, electronic trading and statistical arbitrage. He began his career at Swiss Bank Corporation where he held a number of positions around the globe trading currency options. Mr. Santoro received his BS in Civil Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.






John Novogratz
Global Head of Capital Development and Investor Relations



Mr. Novogratz is responsible for managing the Capital Development and Investor Relations Department with a primary focus on building and developing new and current investor relationships for Millennium. Mr. Novogratz worked at Fortress Investment Group for almost six years before joining Millennium, most recently as Managing Director and Head of Capital Formation International in London. He was successful in building out Fortress’ presence and establishing strong partnerships in Europe, the Middle East, and Asia, as well as North America. Prior to joining Fortress, he held various positions at Applied Development, Scient and Goldman Sachs Asset Management. He graduated from the College of William & Mary with a BA in Economics.






Mark Tsesarsky
Co-Head of Fixed Income & Commodities  



Mr. Tsesarsky joins Millennium with over 30 years of prior experience in trading and risk management in Fixed Income markets.  He has responsibility for the daily oversight and management of Millennium’s commodities and fixed income portfolio managers.  Mr. Tsesarsky was previously the Global Head of Securitized Markets at Citigroup, Inc., where he was overseeing the global securitized markets business as both head and a co-head since 1996. Previously, he held several trading roles in agency pass-through securities and options.  Mr. Tsesarsky began his career with Salomon Brothers as an intern in 1985 and later joined full-time in 1986.  He received his BS in Engineering from the Colorado School of Mines and his MBA from the University of California-Los Angeles (UCLA).






Vlad Torgovnik
Chief Information Officer



Mr. Torgovnik is Chief Information Officer. Mr. Torgovnik is responsible for the Firm’s technology infrastructure, operations and middle office functions. Prior to joining Millennium, he was at Bank of America where he was most recently Managing Director and CIO of the Consumer Technology & Operations, Home Loans & Insurance Technology Group, overseeing the largest technology infrastructure within the bank. In addition, he previously held various CIO positions within both the investment and commercial bank. In 2006, he was recognized as the Capital Markets CIO of the Year by Bankers Magazine. From 1992-2001, Mr. Torgovnik was with JP Morgan in a variety of technology roles within their Fixed Income Derivatives business including Global Head of Fixed Income Derivatives Technology and Founder and President of a JP Morgan derivatives technology spin-out. He holds an MS in Computer Science from Columbia University and a BS in Math and Computer Science from New York University.










Regulatory and Compliance Advisory Council


In early 2010, Millennium became the first firm in the alternative investment industry to establish an advisory council focused on the evolving global regulatory landscape.
We sought to add an external perspective to help Senior Management and our well-developed in-house legal and compliance team “see the forest for the trees.” It is important to us that we ensure the Firm’s continued ability to anticipate and navigate the most critical regulatory challenges facing our business and adapt our policies and procedures in accordance with the best practices in the broader financial services industry.
The Regulatory and Compliance Advisory Council includes a diverse group of renowned experts that interact with members of the Firm’s senior management team on a regular basis. This is an invaluable resource for the Firm to leverage as it navigates a dynamic and multi-jurisdictional regulatory environment.







Peter Clapman
Former Chief Investment Council to TIAA-CREF



Peter C. Clapman was the Senior Vice President & Chief Investment Counsel for TIAA-CREF for 32 years until his retirement in 2005. He also headed its corporate governance program. Mr. Clapman is currently active in many organizations concerned with corporate governance. He is a member of the Stanford Law School Institutional Investor Forum, and is a speaker at its Directors and Fiduciary Colleges. He is on the advisory boards of the Columbia Millstein Center and the University of Delaware governance center. He served on the NY State Comptroller Pension Fund Task Force and was previously on committees of the NYSE, NASDAQ and the London Stock Exchange. He is a board member and former Chair of the IRRC Institute.
He is a Senior Advisor of CamberView, which advises managements and boards of public companies concerning their relationships with institutional investors. He is a partner of Governance for Owners LLP, a UK based investment organization offering global investment and governance services, and its Chairman and President in the U.S.
Mr. Clapman was also on the Board of iPass, a NASDAQ-listed company, where he Chaired the Governance Committee and served on the Audit Committee.
He was on the Board of the National Association of Corporate Directors, which represents independent directors and issues “best practice” reports on key corporate governance issues.
He was the Independent Chairman of the AARP Mutual Funds Board of Trustees. He is the Vice Chairman of the Conference of (Mutual) Fund Leaders.
The International Corporate Governance Network (ICGN) gave Mr. Clapman the ICGN 2005 Award for his significant achievements in improving global corporate governance standards. He also received the Lifetime Achievement Award for Corporate Governance from Corporate Secretary Magazine in 2010. He is a graduate of Princeton University, and earned the J.D. degree from Harvard Law School. He was elected a member of the American Law Institute (ALI) in 1993.






Sir Howard Davies
Former Executive Chairman of the UK Financial Services Authority (now Financial Conduct Authority) and former Director of the London School of Economics and Political Science



Sir Howard Davies is a Chair of the British Government's Airport Policy Review and of Phoenix Insurance Group. He also is a Professor of Practice at the French School of Political Science in Paris (Sciences Po). He was the Director of the London School of Economics and Political Science from 2003 until May 2011. Prior to this appointment he was chairman of the UK Financial Services Authority from 1997 to 2003.
From 1995 to 1997 he was Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, after three years as the Director General of the Confederation of British Industry. Earlier in his career he worked in the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, the Treasury, McKinsey and Co, where he spent five years, and as Controller of the Audit Commission.
He has been an independent Director of Morgan Stanley Inc. since 2004, and chairs the Risk Committee. He also chairs the Risk Committee at Prudential PLC, whose board he joined in 2010. He has also been a member of the International Advisory Council of the China Banking Regulatory Commission since 2003 and, from 2012, is Chairman of the International Advisory Council of the China Securities Regulatory Commission.
In 2006 he edited and introduced The Chancellor's Tales (Polity Press) on British economic policy from 1975 to 2000. In 2008 he jointly authored Global Financial Regulation: The Essential Guide (Polity Press) with David Green. Banking on the Future: The Fall and Rise of Central Banking, on central banks, also by Davies and Green, was published in April 2010 by Princeton University Press. His latest book, ‘The Financial Crisis: Who is to Blame?’ was published by Polity Press in July 2010.






Louis Freeh
Former Federal District Court Judge and Former Director of the FBI



 
Louis J. Freeh is a Managing Partner at Freeh Sporkin Sullivan, LLP and Chairman of Freeh Group International Solutions, LLC, a consulting firm. Prior to that Mr. Freeh was a Partner at Pepper Hamilton LLP. Mr. Freeh previously served as Vice Chairman, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Ethics Officer to MBNA Corporation, a bank holding company. He served as Director of the FBI from 1993 to 2001 and previously as a U.S. District Judge, Assistant U.S. Attorney and FBI Special Agent. Mr. Freeh also served as a U.S. JAG Corps Army Officer. He has served as court-appointed monitor for Daimler AG, and as the Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Trustee for MF Global Holdings Ltd. Mr. Freeh is also a past board member of the U.S. Naval Academy Foundation.
 






Joseph Grundfest
Former Commissioner of the SEC and Professor at Stanford University School of Law



Joseph A. Grundfest is the William A. Franke Professor of Law and Business at Stanford Law School and co-director of the Rock Center on Corporate Governance at Stanford University. He joined Stanford’s faculty in 1990 after having served for more than four years as a Commissioner of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Professor Grundfest is founder and director of Directors’ College at Stanford Law School, and principal investigator for Stanford Law School’s Securities Litigation Clearinghouse.
He has served on the New York Stock Exchange’s Legal Advisory Board, on the NASDAQ Legal Advisory Committee, on a rules committee of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, on the SEC’s Advisory Committee on Improvements to Financial Reporting, and has been elected to membership in the American Law Institute. He is a director of KKR & Co. LP, where he is Chairman of the Audit Committee, and is co-founder and a director of Financial Engines, Inc.
Professor Grundfest has been selected as a National Fellow by the Hoover Institution, has been awarded a John M. Olin Faculty Fellowship, and is an Adjunct Scholar of the American Enterprise Institute. Professor Grundfest holds a bachelor’s degree in economics from Yale University and completed the M.Sc. program in mathematical economics and econometrics at the London School of Economics; his law degree is from Stanford University.










Aulana Peters
Former Commissioner of the SEC and retired Partner of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher



Mrs. Aulana L. Peters is a Director, member of the Audit Review Committee, and a member of the Corporate Governance Committee at Deere & Company. She previously served as a Partner of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP from 1980 to 1984 and also from 1988 to 2000. Mrs. Peters accepted an appointment as Commissioner of the Securities and Exchange Commission in 1984, where she served until 1988.
Mrs. Peters has been a Trustee of Mayo Clinic Rochester since 2007. She has been a Director of 3M Co. since 1990, Deere & Co. since August 2002 and Northrop Grumman Corp, since 1992. She also serves as a Director of 3M Precision Optics, Inc., 3M Cardiovascular Devices, Inc., 3M Health Care Ltd. and Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Company as well as Callaway Golf Company. She has been a Director of 3M Canada Company since 1990. She serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Community Television for Southern California (KCET). She has been a Director of 3M Hong Kong Ltd. since 1990. She has been a Director of John Deere Credit Company, a subsidiary of Deere & Co since 2002. She has been a Director of Merrill Lynch Canada Finance Company since 1994. She serves as a Director of BofA Merrill Lynch International & Co Cv and has been Director at BofA Merrill Lynch since 1994. She also served as a Director at Titan II Inc. Mrs. Peters served as a Director of Mobil Corporation since 1992. Mrs. Peters served as Director of BofA Merrill Lynch (formerly Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc.), a General Partner of BofA Merrill Lynch funds in fund complex and BofA Merrill Lynch Trusts since 1994. She serves as a Member of U.S. Comptroller General’s Accountability Advisory Panel.
Mrs. Peters was a Member of the Steering Committee for the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s Financial Reporting Project. She served as a Member of the Public Oversight Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants from January 1, 2001, to March 31, 2002 and was a Member of the POB’s Blue Ribbon Council on Audit Effectiveness.
Mrs. Peters holds an undergraduate degree in psychology from the College of New Rochelle, New York, and a Juris doctorate from the University of Southern California.






Harvey Pitt
Former Chairman of the SEC



Harvey L. Pitt is the Chief Executive Officer of the Global business consulting firm, Kalorama Partners, LLC, and its law firm affiliate, Kalorama Legal Services, PLLC. Prior to founding the two Kalorama firms, Mr. Pitt served as the twenty-sixth Chairman of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. In that role, from 2001 until 2003, Mr. Pitt was responsible, among other things, for overseeing the SEC’s response to the market disruptions resulting from the terrorist attacks of 9/11, for creating the SEC’s “real time enforcement” program, and for leading the Commission’s adoption of dozens of rules in response to the corporate and accounting crises generated by the excesses of the 1990s.
For nearly a quarter of a century before becoming the SEC’s Chairman, Mr. Pitt was a senior corporate partner in the international law firm, Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson. He was a founding trustee and the first President of the SEC Historical Society, and participates in a wide variety of bar and continuing legal education activities to further public consideration of significant corporate and securities law issues. Mr. Pitt served as an Adjunct Professor of Law at Georgetown University Law Center (1975-84), George Washington University Law School (1974-82), the University of Pennsylvania School of Law (1983-84), and the Yale Law School (2007).
Former Chairman Pitt served previously with the SEC, from 1968 until 1978, including three years as the Commission’s General Counsel (1975-78). Mr. Pitt is currently a Director of GWU Medical Faculty Associates, Inc., a §501 (c)(3) corporation that provides comprehensive medical care to residents of the greater Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, and serves on its Audit Committee. He is a member of the global Advisory Forum of the CQS Hedge Fund and also serves on the Board of Directors to the offshore funds of Paulson & Co., and its affiliates. He is a member of the Board of Directors of Premier Alliance Group, Inc., and serves on the Audit Committee of the U.S Dream Academy, Inc., a §501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. He previously served for three years on the National Cathedral School’s Board of Trustees, where he was at various times Board Vice-Chair, Co-Chair of the Board’s Governance Committee and Chair of the Audit and Compensation Committees. Mr. Pitt previously served as a Director of Approva Corporation, and was a member of its Audit Committee.
Former Chairman Pitt received a J.D. degree from St. John’s University School of Law (1968), and his B.A. from the City University of New York (Brooklyn College) (1965). He was awarded an honorary LL.D. by St. John’s University in June 2002, and was given the Brooklyn College President’s Medal of Distinction in 2003.






Stanley Sporkin
Former Director of the SEC Division of Enforcement, Former General Counsel of the CIA and Former Federal District Court Judge



U.S. District Court Judge (Retired). Stanley Sporkin was at the SEC for twenty years, the last seven as its Director of the Division of Enforcement. He spent five years as General Counsel of the CIA and fourteen years as a U.S. District Court Judge. Upon retirement from the Bench, Judge Sporkin spent six years as a Partner with the international law firm of Weil, Gotshal & Manges. Judge Sporkin is also a Certified Public Accountant (inactive).
He has received numerous awards including the Rockefeller Award and the SEC William O. Douglas Award. In 1979, he was the recipient of the President’s Award for Distinguished Federal Civilian Service, the highest honor that can be granted to a member of the Federal career service. Judge Sporkin presently practices law in the District of Columbia. In his practice he consults on corporate governance matters and acts as an arbitrator and mediator. He also serves as the Ombudsman for BP America, Inc.
Judge Sporkin is a graduate of Pennsylvania State University and obtained his law degree from Yale University.










Awards








Multi-Strategy Category, Nominee - 2014
Best Long-Term Performance Over 10 Years, Nominee - 2014
Best Long-Term Performer Over 5 Years, Winner - 2013
Multi-Strategy Category, Nominee - 2013
Best Long-Term Performance Over 10 Years, Nominee - 2013
Best Long-Term Performance Over 5 Years, Nominee - 2012
Multi-Strategy Category, Nominee - 2011
Best Long-Term Performance Over 10 Years, Nominee - 2011
Multi-Strategy Category, Nominee - 2010
Long-Term Performance, Final Nominee - 2009
Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund of the Year, Final Nominee - 2009
Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund of the Year, Final Nominee - 2008
Long-Term Performance, Winner - 2008
Best Long-Term Performer Over 10 Years, Winner - 2008
Long-Term Performance, Final Nominee - 2007
Multi-Strategy Category, Nominee - 2006
Multi-Strategy Category, Nominee - 2005











Institutional Hedge Fund of the Year, Nominee - 2016
Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund of the Year, Nominee - 2016
Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund of the Year, Winner - 2012
Lifetime Achievement Award, Israel Englander - 2012
Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund of the Year, Winner - 2011
Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund of the Year, Final Nominee - 2010











Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund over $1B, Winner - 2016
Long-Term Performance (5 years) over $1B, Nominee - 2016
Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund, Winner - 2015
Management Firm of the Year - Nominee - 2014
Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund over $1B - Nominee - 2014
Management Firm of the Year - Winner - 2013
Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund over $1B, Final Nominee - 2012
Special Industry Contribution, Israel Englander - 2010
Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund over $1B, Winner - 2010
Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund over $1B, Winner - 2009











Lifetime Achievement Award, Israel Englander - 2015
Best Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund - 2015
Best Non-Directional Hedge Fund Over 10 Years - Ceremony - 2014
Hedge Fund of the Year - Ceremony - 2014
Best Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund - Ceremony - 2014
Best Non-Directional Hedge Fund Over 10 Years, Commended - 2012
Best Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund, Commended - 2012

















	Home Page : Millennium






















































* User name is required


* Password is required


User Name



Password







Forgot my password...

























What we do | Millennium Management




































Our Locations


Investor Login









Show navigation







What we do







We employ a global multi-strategy investment approach, opportunistically engaging in a broad array of trading and investing strategies across a wide group of diversified managers. 
Our specialized divisions have built and continually evolve our core infrastructure platform.  This enables our trading teams to independently pursue unique investment strategies within one centrally-driven risk and operational framework.  
Millennium has differentiated itself from other alternative investment management firms through our consistent ability to generate high quality returns for our investors.
Millennium’s unique framework has created what we believe to be a sustainable and scalable organization aligned in partnership with our investors.  Our dedication to our mission has defined Millennium as an industry leader over our 25-year history.





INVESTMENT APPROACH









Our mission is to deliver the alternative investment industry’s highest quality returns to our investors, and to maintain a commitment to our principles of integrity, discipline and excellence.

 







We empower our trading teams to independently focus on the specific opportunities and strategies in which they specialize, subject to our overall risk management, compliance, operational controls, and hedging of aggregate exposures where appropriate.
Our approach to the selection and oversight of trading teams is grounded in a philosophy of consistently seeking to generate incremental, positive returns against a limited amount of risk exposure (i.e., high Sharpe ratio), rather than outsized, but more volatile absolute returns.

 

We prefer trading teams that produce small gains on winning days and smaller losses on losing days. Our goal is to have more winning days than losing ones. We encourage our trading teams to pass on opportunities for outsized gains if they are accompanied by the risk of large losses.
In an effort to ensure that this philosophy is implemented in a consistent, disciplined manner, we calculate and set investment guidelines with each trading team.

 









INVESTMENT STRATEGIES









We follow an investment strategy that is broadly diversified, global in scope and opportunistic with respect to investments. Each trading team pursues specific opportunity sets within a disciplined risk management framework.

 







At any given time, we expect to have trading teams pursuing most of the following broad strategies:

       Relative Value Fundamental Equity
       Statistical Arbitrage / Quantitative Strategies
       Merger Arbitrage / Event Driven
       Fixed Income
       Commodities


 

Millennium emphasizes diversity in asset classes, industry sectors and geographic boundaries and invests in a variety of domestic and international equity and debt securities, currencies, futures, forwards, options and other instruments. 
Senior Management determines the concentration in, and allocation to our investment strategies. The Firm is positioned to selectively add to or reduce its allocation to particular investment strategies on short notice given the opportunity set prevailing from time to time.

 









INSTITUTIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE









We operate an institutional core infrastructure platform that enables our trading teams to pursue their strategies within a rigorous control environment designed to manage risk effectively. Our core infrastructure personnel operate by the Firms’ core values of integrity, discipline and excellence, and take pride in having developed an industry-leading, institutional platform.

 







Over the past 25 years, Millennium has invested significant resources in building our core infrastructure to maintain robust operational controls within a flexible, scalable and efficient framework. Each divisional head has significant industry experience and manages a best-in-class team.
Our core infrastructure is a significant competitive advantage for Millennium, enabling us to effectively respond to opportunities around the world.
The main components of our core infrastructure include business development, business strategy, capital development & investor relations, execution services, human resources, finance & treasury, legal & compliance, management controls & internal audit, operations & middle office, technology, and risk management.

 

Millennium employs rigorous governance standards. We have a number of formal committees with specifically-defined responsibilities to provide oversight for key activities related to the Firm’s operations.
Examples include our Investment Risk Committee, which reviews Firm-wide trading risks, our Operational Risk Committee, which proactively monitors potential areas of non-financial risk, and our Business Continuity Committee, which oversees technological redundancies and disaster recovery capabilities.

 


















MILLENNIUM INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      MILLENNIUM INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT LP
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Millennium International Management is based out of New York.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from MILLENNIUM INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




millennium international management lp


666 FIFTH AVENUE, 8TH FLOOR

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10103


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      (212) 841-4100







Recent SEC Filings




13F-NT filed on 05/15/2017
13F-NT filed on 02/14/2017
13F-NT filed on 11/14/2016
13F-NT filed on 08/15/2016
13F-NT filed on 05/16/2016
13F-NT filed on 02/16/2016
13F-NT filed on 11/16/2015
13F-NT filed on 08/14/2015
13F-NT filed on 05/15/2015
13F-NT filed on 02/17/2015







Parent/ Related Companies







CATAPULT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC




GREEN ARROW CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC




DECADE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC




MILLENNIUM MANAGEMENT LLC
              (hedge fund)
            
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Millennium International Management Research Report - Revenue - Market Share - Competition - Growth
















     Target new business; track competition.
    


Subscribe
Log In











Solutions for: 
Investment BankingMarket ResearchPrivate EquityExecutivesConsultantsReporters & Journalists
 





✕
Log In

Email Address
 
Password
 






✕
Subscribe

Email Address
 
Password
 







MILLENNIUM INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT


Premium Company Report








The Premium Millennium International Management Company Report contains critical information including:
		Revenue from previous years (2010-2015)
		Growth rate
		Estimated financials and profit margin
		Funding from Venture Capital and Private Equity firms
		Latest trademark applications
		Additional industries in which the company operates
		

		$199.99


View subscription options







DBA MILLENNIUM INTL MANAGEMENT, LP666 5th Avenue 8th Floor New York, NY 10103 www.mlp.com

Company Awards

Fast Growing


Big Fish



Company Profile & Financial Information for Millennium International Management
Millennium International Management's revenue, profitability, growth rate by year. Trademarks and applications show Millennium International Management's marketing strategy.
	Precise revenue figures by year, number of employees, and trademarks indicate Millennium International Management's strengths. 
Millennium International Management operates in the N/A industry. 	A list of fastest growing competitors, and info on recession risks show Millennium International Management's weaknesses relative to its competitors. 

	
Access the complete profile.


Fast Facts

RevenueOver $100 million    Exact Revenue in Premium ReportEmployeesOver 1,000Exact Employee Count Available in Premium ReportPrimary Industry N/AAdditional NAICS Codes54192 Photographic Services56111 


Note: Revenues are statistical evaluations.

	Millennium International Management's Business Operations Profile shows critical firmographic facts:
		What is the company's size? (Revenue and employees)
			What industry is the company in?
		

Millennium International Management Revenue and Growth Rate

Millennium International Management
Revenue ($ MM)Growth Rate (%)# Employees
2015Details in Premium Report
2014
2013
2012



1-Year Growth Rate:3-Year Growth Rate (CAGR):


Income Statement (Industry Averages)
Millennium International Management's income statement based on industry averages: 

$ Millions(Industry Average)
Total Revenue


Operating Revenue
Cost of Goods Sold
Gross Profit
Operating Expenses
Pension, profit sharing plans, stock, annuity
Repairs
Rent paid on business property
Charitable Contributions
Depletion
Domestic production activities deduction
Advertising
Compensation of officers
Salaries and wages
Employee benefit programs
Taxes and Licenses
Bad Debts
Depreciation
Amortization
Other Operating Expenses
Total Operating Expenses
Operating Income
Non-Operating Income
EBITDA
EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes)
Interest Expense
Earnings Before Taxes
Income Tax
Net Profit
 

Trademark Applications
	Trademark applications, moreso than trademark registrations, show the products and services that are developing and being actively marketed.
	Companies that don't have any trademark applications are more likely to be stable, maintaining their existing business lines.
	Companies that are applying for new trademarks are likely to be investing in R&D and marketing, attempting to expand more rapidly or pivoting to reach strategic markets.
	Trademarks may include brand names, product names, logos and slogans. 
	


Trademark
Date

WORK:IMPACT DIGITALcomputer designs services and printing services for modelling agencies, models, entertainment industry, public relations firms and advertising agencies 08/11/1997IMPACT GRAPHICSgraphic design and offset printing services for modelling agencies, models, entertainment industry, public relations firms and advertising agencies 08/11/1997 See all trademarks in the Full Report. 
Recession Risk
	IncFact analyzed data from the last recession to determine whether Millennium International Management grew or shrank over that period. We also looked at other companies in the industry
	 to compare how recession-proof Millennium International Management is relative to the industry. While a new recession may strike a particular industry, measuring the
	 industry and company's robustness during the last recession estimates its ability to weather future recessions.

	
Nearby CompetitionInfo on companies that are located in close proximity to Millennium International Management, operating in similar markets. 
		While some companies, particularly retail, compete with neighboring businesses for customers, other companies may compete to attract skilled employees. 
	

Millennium International Management's CompetitorsRevenue ($ MM)





Fastest Growing CompetitorsThese companies are in the same general field as Millennium International Management and are rapidly expanding. Companies may grow organically or through acquisition. In some cases apparently high growth rates may be caused by data that weren't available in previous years.
	

CompanyRevenue ($ MM)











   
Discover @ IncFact
Contact Us
Press & Media
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
(0.0198 s)
© 2017 IncFact.com. All Rights Reserved.













Millennium International Management Lp - Company Profile










































 Millennium International Management Lp
                        

Active













Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























Millennium International Management Lp Overview
  Millennium International Management Lp filed as a Foreign Limited Partnership in the State of New York on Thursday, October 12, 2006 and is approximately eleven years old, according to public records filed with New York Department of State. A corporate filing is called a foreign filing when an existing corporate entity files in a state other than the state they originally filed in. This does not necessarily mean that they are from outside the United States. 




Sponsored


             Learn More
        
        D&B Reports Available for

        Millennium International Management Lp
    













Corporate Filings for Millennium International Management Lp








New York Department of State





                                    Filing Type:
                                

Foreign Limited Partnership                                



                                    Status:
                                

Active




                                    State:
                                

                                    New York
                                



                                        Foreign State:
                                    

Delaware                                    



                                        County:
                                    

                                        New York
                                    



                                    State ID:
                                

                                    3423505
                                



                                    Date Filed:
                                

                                        Thursday, October 12, 2006
                                    



                                        Source Record
                                    


                                            NY DOS
                                            










Corporate Notes









Source
Date
Type
Note








                                        10/12/2006
                                    

                                        Name History/Actual
                                    

                                        Millennium International Management, L.P.
                                    






                                        9/18/2007
                                    

                                        Name History/Actual
                                    

                                        Millennium International Management Lp
                                    










Advertisements










Source







New York Department of State
                                Data last refreshed on Wednesday, June 1, 2016
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for Millennium International Management Lp.
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for Millennium International Management Lp and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




1
                    Corporate Records

                



                                NY

2006
Foreign Limited Partnership
                            





                Source
            





                        New York Department of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.
















Insider Trading - Millennium International Management Lp - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Millennium International Management Lp





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In






    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Wed, 26 Jul 2017 03:23:46 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  










Millennium International Management LP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 4:23 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Millennium International Management LP



Snapshot People




Company Overview



2711 Centerville RoadWilmington, DE 19808United States










Key Executives for Millennium International Management LP


Millennium International Management LP does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Millennium International Management LP, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























MILLENNIUM INTERNATIONAL, LTD. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      MILLENNIUM INTERNATIONAL, LTD.
                    

•   GRAND CAYMAN, E9
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Millennium International, Ltd. is based out of Grand Cayman.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2017-03-17. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 8



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from MILLENNIUM INTERNATIONAL, LTD., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




millennium international, ltd.


C/O GLOBEOP FINANCIAL SVCS (CAYMAN) LTD.

GRAND CAYMAN
E9
                                                        
                                                    KY1-9003


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      (345) 945-5664







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 03/17/2017
D/A filed on 03/18/2016
D/A filed on 03/18/2015
D/A filed on 03/18/2014
D/A filed on 03/18/2013
D/A filed on 03/16/2012
D/A filed on 03/16/2011







Parent/ Related Companies







CATAPULT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC

















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2017-03-17
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
4,977,782,136
INDEFINITE


2016-03-18
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
4,942,007,136
INDEFINITE


2015-03-18
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
3,719,922,886
INDEFINITE


2014-03-18
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
3,025,892,801
INDEFINITE


2013-03-18
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
2,392,453,560
INDEFINITE


2012-03-16
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
1,660,593,008
INDEFINITE


2011-03-16
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
106,231,142
INDEFINITE


2010-03-16
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
679,519,069
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




-   MILLENNIUM INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT LP

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



IAN   GOODALL

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



MARTIN   LANG

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



MICHAEL   MCDONALD

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



SIMON   LORNE

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free


































Millennium Intl Management, LP 401k Rating by BrightScope































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Home>401K Directory>Millennium Intl Management, LP






Millennium Intl Management, LPForm 5500 Data




OverviewPlan ComponentsInvestmentsProvidersArticles & Questions









Share

Print


Millennium Intl Management, LP
80



Millennium International Management, ...


Millennium International Management, Lp Savings Plan


Form 5500 Data






OverviewPlan ComponentsInvestmentsProvidersArticles & Questions










Overview







Plan Rating


BrightScope Rating
            80



Lowest Rating in Peer Group
Average Rating in Peer Group
Highest Rating in Peer Group







0102030405060708090100





Lowest in Peer Group (7)



Average in Peer Group (58)



Highest in Peer Group (91)














Plan Description
        
Millennium International Management, LP Savings Plan is a defined contribution plan with a profit-sharing component and 401k feature. This plan has a BrightScope Rating of 80, placing it in the top 15% of all plans in its peer group. This plan is also in the top 15% of plans for Salary Deferral. Millennium International Management, LP Savings Plan currently has over 1,000 active participants and over $64.7M in plan assets. 

        

Did you know?


For the average 401k participant, the 11 point difference between this plan's BrightScope Rating (80) and the top rated plan (91) could equate to:

9
Additional years of work


41,291
Lost Savings



*The delay in retirement calculations apply solely to this defined contribution plan and do not take into account other retirement plans and programs offered by this employer. How is this calculated?







Plan Details
        
Plan Details  Relevant details about the plan and the plan sponsor, including the address and industry of the plan sponsor and the size of the plan in assets and participants.
 Plan data accurate as of 12/31/2013Plan data has been audited by an Independent Qualified Public Accountant (IQPA).
Address
666 5th Avenue 8th Floor



Location
New York
, NY

              
10103


Industry
Office Administrative Services


Administrator
Larry Statsky


Net Plan Assets
$64,700,000


Total Participants
1,000


Avg Account Balance
$77,000










Plan Components







Component Ratings

[[selected]]


All Plans

Same Size ($10M- $100M)





Design


Total Plan Cost:







Average Fees




Company Generosity:







Above Average


Performance


Participation Rate:







Average




Salary Deferrals:







Great




Account Balance:







Above Average




Design


Total Plan Cost:







Average Fees




Company Generosity:







Average


Performance


Participation Rate:







Below Avg.




Salary Deferrals:







Great




Account Balance:







Above Average







Peer Group Plans




Company

Rating





Melrose North America

70.9


Employer's Plus, LLC

64.3


The Synergy Plan, LLC

62.3


Western States 401k Retirement Fund of the OPEIU Board of Trustee

61.0


Bosley

52.7


Personnel Decisions International

44.4










Are you a Plan Sponsor?
Benchmark your plan against others to achieve your business objectives.
Connect with a plan advisor









Investments









Investment Menu Stats



# of Investment Options
28
(Plan Average: 20)





Largest Funds in this Plan
Allocation of Assets
1 YR Rank in Category





Vanguard 500 Index

              
17%

N/A




Fidelity Cash Reserves

12%

15%




PIMCO RealPath

              
9%

6%




Fund hidden



100%




Fund hidden



100%




Fund hidden



100%




Fund hidden



100%





View all funds in this plan
for Advisors|for Asset Managers













Providers






Plan Service Providers




SERVICE
            
PROVIDER
            





Corporate Trustee


Morgan Stanley




Recordkeeper


Morgan Stanley




Recordkeeper


ADP




Auditor


Ernst & Young









Articles and Questions










Boeing Fee Settlement Highlights the High Bar for Large Plans

Boeing Offers a Near Perfect Retirement Plan ModelIn most respects Boeing’s retirement offering is a great model of how to run a large retirement plan. Participants in Boeing’s 401(k) plan are beneficiaries of a participant-friendly design with immediate access, automatic enrollment, immediate ves







InsightsSee more articles







Did you think to remodel your home?
by Brent Leavitt, CFP®







For Retirement Saving, Asset Location Matters as Much as Asset Allocation
by Michael L. Wilson, MBA, CFP®, CRC®







The Retirement Income Crisis (and how you can avoid it) - Part I
by Rich Winer


*Articles are published by advisors without compensation






Why Do Investment Expenses Matter?
Ryan Alfred








Popular QuestionsSee more questions



When I convert my regular IRA to a Roth IRA, do I have to pay the taxes all at once?

4 answers



4
answers




What is a ROTH IRA Tax Credit?

2 answers



2
answers




Do I need to repay the 10k loan from my IRA tha I will use to purchase a home as a first time home owner?

2 answers



2
answers




I have 100% of my retirement money in a target date fund. Do you consider that diversified enough or not?

17 answers



17
answers




As a young professional starting a new career, what would you recommend a Roth IRA or IRA?

10 answers



10
answers









Have a question about retirement plans?
Our community of registered financial advisors are standing by to share their experience.Ask a question




















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations











































BrightScope Ratings



































































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans









































































General Search










Advisors
Advisory Firms
Financial Q&A
401k Plans
Funds


Search













Home  >  401k Ratings Directory
    




Ratings Directory
This is a complete list of all corporate and government 401k, 403b and 457 retirement plans with BrightScope Ratings.
Top Plan in its Peer Group
Top 15% of Plans in Peer Group
(#) Indicates number of plans for this company

 







A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Other


A
Pages:
                
                    1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
Next »

 


A & A Global Industries Holding Company, Inc.


A & A Maintenance Enterprise, Inc.


A & A Manufacturing Company, Inc.


A & A Quality Appliance, Inc.


A & A Safety, Inc.


A & B Electric Co, Inc.


A & B Precision Metals, Inc.


A & D Environmental Services, Inc.


A & D Management Co., Inc.


A & E Incorporated


A & E Management, Inc.


A & E Stores, Inc.


A & H Sportswear Co., Inc.


A & K Earth Movers, Inc.


A & M Transport, Inc.


A & R Logistics, Inc.


A & S Services Group, LLC


A & Z Pharmaceutical, Inc.


A - Z Office Resources, Inc.


A B Beverage Company, Inc.


A Betterway Rent-A-Car Group Inc.,


A Cubed Corporation d/b/a Concast Metal Products Company


A G Equipment Company


a la mode, inc.


A Place for Mom, Inc.


A Plus Benefits, Inc.


A Plus Federal Credit Union


A Second Chance, Inc.


A To Z Equipment Rental & Sales


A to Z Tire and Battery, Inc.


A Very Special Place, Inc.


A&A Manufacturing Company, Inc.


A&A Ready Mixed Concrete, Inc.


A&B Process Systems Corp


A&B Valve and Piping Systems, LLC


A&D Home Health Care


A&D Technology, Inc.


A&E Television Networks, LLC


A&K Railroad Materials, Inc.


A&M Supply Holdings, Inc.


A&P Technology, Inc.


A&T Healthcare, LLC


A'Gaci, LLC


A-1 Contract Staffing, Inc.


A-1 Fiberglass


A-1 Freeman Moving & Storage, Inc.


A-1 International Courier Service, Inc.


A-1 Limousine, Inc.


A-Affordable Insurance, Inc.


A-C Electric


A-Core, Inc.


A-dec, Inc.


A-G Sod Farms, Inc.


A-Team Solutions, Llc


A-Tech Corporation


A-Z Bus Sales, Inc. (2)


A. D. Naylor & Company, Inc.


A. Daigger & Company, Inc.


A. Duda & Sons, Inc.


A. Duie Pyle Incorporated


A. Epstein and Sons International, Inc. (2)


A. Finkl & Sons Company


A. H. Belo Corporation


A. H. Harris & Sons, Inc.


A. J. Bart, Inc.


A. J. Blosenski, Inc.


A. J. Silberman & Company, L. P.


A. L. Gilbert Company


A. Morton Thomas & Associates, Inc.


A. R. Wilfley & Sons, Inc.


A. Raymond Corporate Na, Inc.


A. Rifkin Co.


A. Rudin, Inc.


A. Russo & Sons, Inc.


A. Schulman, Inc


A. Stucki Company


A. W. Hastings & Co., LLC


A. Y. McDonald Industries, Inc.


A. Y. McDonald Mfg. Co.


A. Zerega's Sons, Inc.


A.B.C. Refrigeration and A/C, Inc.


A.B.L.E. Inc. Savings and Retirement Plan


A.C. & T. Co., Inc.


A.C. Legg Packing Company


A.C. Miller Concrete Products, Inc.


A.C. Moore Arts & Crafts, Inc.


A.C.E. Restaurant Group, Inc.


A.C.P Cleaning, Inc


A.C.S. & Sons, Inc.


A.C.X. Pacific Northwest, Inc.


A.D.M. Ventures, Inc. d/b/a MacKinnon Equipment & Services


A.E. Robinson Oil Co., Inc.


A.E.M., Inc.


A.G. Mauro Company


A.G. Rhodes Health & Rehab Management Inc.


A.G. Ship Maintenance Corp.


A.G. Van Metre Services, Inc.


A.G.I.A., Inc.


A.H. Management Group, Inc.


A.H. Schreiber Co. Inc. (2)


A.I. Engineers, Inc.


A.I. Friedman, L.P.


A.I. Root Company


a.i. solutions, Inc.


A.J. Antunes & Co.


A.J. Danboise Son, Inc.


A.J. Johns, Inc.


A.J. Kirkwood & Associates, Inc. (2)


A.J. Rose Manufacturing Co. (2)


A.L. George, LLC


A.L. Hansen Manufacturing Company


A.L. Helmcamp, Inc.


A.L. Prime Energy Consultant, Inc.


A.L.P. Lighting Components, Inc.


A.M. Best Company, Inc.


A.M. Castle & Co.


A.M. Donuts Inc.


A.M. Express, Inc.


A.M.A. Nantucket, Inc.


A.N. Deringer, Inc.


A.P. O'Horo Co., Inc.


A.R. Sandri, Inc.


A.R.E. Accessories LLC


A.S.C.I.B., Lp


A.S.G. Staffing, Inc.




A.T. Cross Company


A.T. Kearney, Inc.


A.T. Still University of Health Sciences


A.V. Concepts, Inc.


A.W. Brown Fellowship Charter School


A.W. Chesterton Company


A.W. Holdings, LLC


A.W. Zengeler Cleaners, Inc.


A.W.A.R.E. Inc.


A/E Business, Inc.


A/Z Corporation


A10 Networks, Inc.


A123 Systems, Llc


A9.com


Aa Transportation, Inc.


AAA Allied Group, Inc.


AAA Arizona


AAA Central Penn


AAA Colorado, Inc.


AAA Cooper Transportation


AAA East Central


AAA Flag & Banner Mfg. Co., Inc.


AAA Landscape and Arid Solutions, LLC


AAA Life Insurance Company


AAA Mid-Atlantic Inc.


AAA Minneapolis


AAA North Jersey, Inc.


AAA North Penn


AAA Oregon/Idaho


AAA Refrigeration Service, Inc.


AAA Southern New England


AAA Washington


AAA Western & Central New York,


AABR, Inc.


Aac Inc.


AAC, Inc.


Aace Associates, Inc.


Aadap, Inc.


Aagard Group, Llc


AAIPharma Services Corporation


Aak USA K1, LLC


Aakron Rule Corp.


Aall Care Living Services, Inc.


Aam, LLC


Aamp Of Florida, Inc


AAON, Inc.


AAP St. Mary's Corp.


AAR Aircraft Services, Inc.


Aar Corp.


Aaron Diamond AIDS Research Center


Aaron Oil Company, Inc.


Aaron Thomas Company, Inc.


Aaron's, Inc.


Aaronson Rappaport Feinstein & Deutsch, LLP


AARP


Aarrowcast, Inc.


AASKI Technology, Inc.


Aavid Thermalloy, LLC


AB Data Ltd.


AB Mauri Food Inc.


ABA-PGT, Inc.


Abacus Business Corporation Group Inc.


Abacus Federal Savings Bank


Abacus Technology Corporation (2)


ABARTA, Inc.


Abatement Workers National Defined Contribution Pension Plan


Abatix Corp.


Abaxis, Inc.


ABB Inc. (2)


ABB/Con-Cise Optical Group, LLC


ABBCO Service Corporation


Abbe, Inc.


Abbey Management Company, LLC


Abbott Charters & Tours, Inc


Abbott Healthcare (Puerto Rico) Ltd.


Abbott House, Inc.


Abbott Laboratories


Abbott-Action, Inc.


AbbVie Inc.


AbbVie Ltd.


Abby Kelley Foster Charter School


Abby's, Inc.


Abbyland Foods, Inc.


ABBYY USA Software House, Inc.


ABC Appliance, Inc.


ABC Auto Parts, Ltd.


ABC Bus Companies, Inc.


ABC Carpet Company, Inc.


ABC Companies, Inc.


ABC Disposal Service, Inc.


ABC Group Holdings, Inc.


ABC Home and Commercial Services


ABC Imaging of Washington, Inc.


ABC Inoac Exterior Products LLC


ABC Liquors, Inc.


ABC Phones of North Carolina, Inc. d/b/a A Wireless


ABC Security Service, Inc.


ABC Supply Company, Inc. (2)


Abc, Inc.


ABC-Clio, Inc.


ABCM Corporation


ABCO Automation, Inc. (2)


ABCO Fire, LLC


ABCO Refrigeration Supply Corp


Abd Insurance & Financial Services, Inc.


Abdo, Eick & Meyers LLP


Abdon Callais Offshore, L.L.C.


Abeam Consulting Usa, Ltd


ABEC, Inc.


Abeinsa EPC LLC


Abel Construction Company, Inc.


Abel Oil Company, Inc.


Abel PEO Services, Inc.


Abel-Womack, Inc.


Abell, LLC


Abelson-Taylor, Inc.


Abener Engineering and Construction Services, LLC


Abengoa Bioenergy Company, LLC


Abengoa Solar, Inc.


abeo Management Corporation


Abercrombie & Fitch Co.


Abercrombie and Kent USA, LLC


Aberdeen Asset Management Inc.


Aberdeen Dynamics Supply, Inc.


Aberdeen Proving Ground Federal Credit Union






 
Pages:
            
            1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
Next »













×








Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations






























Millennium International Management Lp in New York NY - Company Profile

















































Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

New York



                
                >
                

New York







 Millennium International Management Lp
                        

Archived Record

                                
                                    New York,
                                    NY
                                
                        












Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























Millennium International Management Lp Overview
 




Sponsored


             Learn More
        
        D&B Reports Available for

        Millennium International Management Lp
    




                        Network Visualizer
                    
























Other Companies for Millennium International Management Lp



                                
                                    Millennium International Management Lp is listed as an officer in two other companies.
                                
                    





Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            Green Arrow Capital Management LLC
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2009
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Member
                            






                            Mpg Operations LLC
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2007
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                Manager
                            




















 Excel
                    
Known Addresses for Millennium International Management Lp










666 5th Ave
New York, NY 10103









Advertisements










Sources







Florida Department of State
                                Data last refreshed on Tuesday, April 11, 2017
                            








California Secretary of State
                                Data last refreshed on Saturday, July 1, 2017
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for Millennium International Management Lp.
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for Millennium International Management Lp and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















1
                    Known Addresses
                




                                666 5th Ave  New York, NY 10103

                            


                        These addresses are known to be associated with Millennium International Management Lp however they may be inactive or mailing addresses only. Please verify address for mailing or other purposes.
                    




                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




                Sources
            





                        Florida Department of State
                    




                        California Secretary of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.




















Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,579 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,725 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,178 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,448 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,349 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,734 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,180 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,579 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,061 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,846 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,725 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,860 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,967 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,530 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,174 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,579 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,348 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,914 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,343 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,780 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,853 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,479 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,364 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,610 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,570 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,829 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,576 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,392 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,531 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,310 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,012 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,083 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,212 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,252 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,668 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        598,000 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,326 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,012 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,149 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,719 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,367 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,905 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,356 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,448 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,357 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,729 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,590 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,495 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,567 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,731 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,777 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,349 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,232 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,847 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,178 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,697 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,910 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,495 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,493 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,073 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,320 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,944 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,974 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.


















New York Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































New York Business Directory













Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Mantis Funding LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael Marano
Edward Lovette










Cantium, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Cantium Management, LLC










Ccrmt Management Inc.

                                                
                                                    Long Island City, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Zion Yakuel










Cantium Management, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Sandy Bay Solutions, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Elliot Elzweig
Benny Elzweig










Calling Grace Productions, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Home Box Office, Inc.










The Original Blue Cantina, 11 Inc.

                                                
                                                    Mount Vernon, NY
                                                
                                        










Jakmin, LLC

                                                
                                                    Brooklyn, NY
                                                
                                        










Mp Mine Operations LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Sher Management Inc

                                                
                                                    Brooklyn, NY
                                                
                                        










Fubu Mobile, LLC

                                                
                                                    Yonkers, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Edward Bassetti










Apeo, LLC

                                                
                                                    Manlius, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Arwinder S. Judge










Csma Blt, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Marc Toscano
Peter Schancupp










Withbehalf LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Cellino & Barnes, P.C.

                                                
                                                    Buffalo, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Joseph Dietrich
Ross Barnes
Daryl Cimbolla










New Creative Mix Inc.

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Alex Ferrari
Jill F. Teich
George S. Nelson










Print Bear, LLC

                                                
                                                    Clifton Park, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Anthony Constantino
Theresa M. Cummings
Timothy Song










Mocade Media, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Clay Rives
Seth Gottlieb










to The Top Enterprises, LLC

                                                
                                                    Utica, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bradley N. Glerup










Tpa Hospitality Partners, LLC

                                                
                                                    Buffalo, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kevin T. Kelly
Caroline Ellerson
Tyrone Nabbie










New Residential Mortgage LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
New Residential Investment Corp.
Cameron McDougall
Cameron Macdougall










Itria Ventures LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ramit Arora
Romit Arora
Jonathan S. Gitlin










Ghs Investments, LLC

                                                
                                                    Carle Place, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mark Grober










Respekt-Wear Apparel Group LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










RD/Jet, LLC

                                                
                                                    College Point, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Restaurant Depot, LLC










Dnf Associates LLC

                                                
                                                    Cheektowaga, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Lawrence A. Schiavi
Luis Daniel Mendez
Heather Griffith










C2 Scripps 2, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard Dovere










Ventura Blvd. Associates LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Santa Clara MM LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Eli Bronfman
Jeremy Bronfman










Poker Venture LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Poker Venture Managing Member Corp
by: Poker Venture Managing Member Corp by: Donald J. Trump










Sportsmen's Lodge Owner LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Secured Billing Services, LLC

                                                
                                                    Amherst, NY
                                                
                                        










Xcg Design Corp.

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Virgin Hotels San Francisco, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Great Oaks Mf Fee Owner LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Mobile Agency, LLC

                                                
                                                    Brewster, NY
                                                
                                        










Cdcg 4 Finance Associates 2 LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Marisa Beeney










Itx USA, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jose M Romay De La Colina
Eliseo Oroza Rodriguez
Dilip Patel










Utilivisor SW, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard Angerame










Yacht Rock Studios, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Msg Esports, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Ibio Cdmo LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Robert Erwin
Barry Holtz










Cdcg 4 Mth 2 Lp

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Cdcg 4 Finance Associates 2 LLC










Lion Re:Sources, Inc.

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Louis Antonucci
Thomas Caffrey
John R. Betley










Penmark Property Advisors, LLC

                                                
                                                    Garden City, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Stuart B. Shapiro
Leslie Winkler










Tulsi Records LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Harper Simon










Bgov LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bloomberg Inc.,










Cdcg 4 Len 1 Lp

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Cdcg 4 Finance Associates 1 LLC










La Fund 1 LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Rockhurst LLC

                                                
                                                    Mechanicville, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Sundial Beach Resort and Spa
Christopher Abele



















Recently found companies





Company
City




Jax Soccer Holdings, LLC
20 days ago


New York




Bgov LLC
20 days ago


New York




Gs Portfolio Holdings (2017) LLC
20 days ago


New York




An Allied Construction Mgmt Company Inc.
20 days ago


Carle Place




Palmetto Hospitality of Dania Beach Condominium Association, Inc
20 days ago


New York




Utilivisor SW, LLC
21 days ago


New York




Ibio Cdmo LLC
21 days ago


New York




Great Lakes Processing Services LLC
22 days ago


Buffalo




Dalton Place Wtg Enterprises, LLC
22 days ago


Orchard Park




Rockhurst LLC
22 days ago


Mechanicville




Anis Films LLC
22 days ago


Long Island City




Cdcg 4 Finance Associates 2 LLC
22 days ago


New York




Hanna Home Property LLC
22 days ago


Hicksville




Penmark Property Advisors, LLC
22 days ago


Garden City




Cdcg 4 Mth 2 Lp
22 days ago


New York




Millennium Web Strategies LLC
22 days ago


New York




Peklava LLC
22 days ago


Red Hook




Santa Clara MM LLC
22 days ago


New York




S & D Reliable Management LLC
22 days ago


South Richmond Hill




Ventura Blvd. Associates LLC
22 days ago


New York




Mp Mine Operations LLC
22 days ago


New York




M & S Formosa, LLC
22 days ago


Monsey




Bloomberg Sef LLC
22 days ago


New York




M & S Third Street, LLC
22 days ago


Monsey




Ameritel of Adams Ave, LLC
22 days ago


Brooklyn




Mt. Shasta Anchor, LLC
22 days ago


New York




Amalgamated Insurance Agency, LLC
22 days ago


Monsey




La Fund 4 LLC
22 days ago


New York




La Fund 3 LLC
22 days ago


New York




La Fund 2 LLC
22 days ago


New York




Cdcg 4 Len 1 Lp
22 days ago


New York




Msg Esports, LLC
22 days ago


New York




Great Oaks Mf Fee Owner LLC
22 days ago


New York




La Fund 1 LLC
22 days ago


New York




Respekt-Wear Apparel Group LLC
22 days ago


New York




Mobile Agency, LLC
22 days ago


Brewster




Virgin Hotels San Francisco, LLC
22 days ago


New York




Midwood Management West LLC
22 days ago


New York




Malibu Road Investment, LLC
22 days ago


New York




Wispar 3 Finco, LLC
22 days ago


New York




Eml - Malibu, LLC
22 days ago


New York




Wispar 4 Finco, LLC
22 days ago


New York




Industrious La 9255 Sunset Blvd LLC
22 days ago


Brooklyn




Sportsmen's Lodge Owner LLC
22 days ago


New York




Speakeazy, LLC
22 days ago


White Plains




Moelis (Icon Investment) Holding LLC
22 days ago


New York




Yacht Rock Studios, LLC
22 days ago


New York




Rl Global Trade, LLC
22 days ago


New York




Tulsi Records LLC
22 days ago


New York




C2 Scripps 2, LLC
22 days ago


New York









Top cities in New York





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    New York
                


                975,769
            



                2
            


                    Brooklyn
                


                516,289
            



                3
            


                    Bronx
                


                152,481
            



                4
            


                    Staten Island
                


                91,042
            



                5
            


                    Rochester
                


                79,850
            



                6
            


                    Flushing
                


                77,696
            



                7
            


                    Buffalo
                


                68,732
            



                8
            


                    Albany
                


                42,267
            



                9
            


                    Jamaica
                


                41,574
            



                10
            


                    Syracuse
                


                38,555
            



                11
            


                    Yonkers
                


                35,548
            



                12
            


                    Astoria
                


                33,831
            



                13
            


                    Long Island City
                


                32,876
            



                14
            


                    White Plains
                


                31,122
            



                15
            


                    Great Neck
                


                29,976
            



                16
            


                    Forest Hills
                


                20,480
            



                17
            


                    New Rochelle
                


                19,813
            



                18
            


                    Schenectady
                


                19,216
            



                19
            


                    Huntington
                


                18,787
            



                20
            


                    Valley Stream
                


                18,320
            



                21
            


                    Jackson Heights
                


                17,821
            



                22
            


                    New Hyde Park
                


                17,630
            



                23
            


                    Bayside
                


                17,589
            



                24
            


                    Woodside
                


                17,439
            



                25
            


                    Garden City
                


                17,263
            



                26
            


                    Hicksville
                


                16,836
            



                27
            


                    Elmhurst
                


                16,829
            



                28
            


                    Farmingdale
                


                16,208
            



                29
            


                    Melville
                


                16,055
            



                30
            


                    Mount Vernon
                


                15,725
            



                31
            


                    Poughkeepsie
                


                15,217
            



                32
            


                    Corona
                


                14,607
            



                33
            


                    Westbury
                


                14,513
            



                34
            


                    Scarsdale
                


                14,244
            



                35
            


                    Bay Shore
                


                13,737
            



                36
            


                    Ridgewood
                


                13,495
            



                37
            


                    Plainview
                


                13,338
            



                38
            


                    Huntington Station
                


                13,031
            



                39
            


                    Smithtown
                


                12,823
            



                40
            


                    Hauppauge
                


                12,817
            



                41
            


                    Massapequa
                


                12,767
            



                42
            


                    Spring Valley
                


                12,423
            



                43
            


                    Syosset
                


                12,285
            



                44
            


                    Monsey
                


                12,065
            



                45
            


                    Freeport
                


                12,051
            



                46
            


                    Port Washington
                


                11,948
            



                47
            


                    Mineola
                


                11,824
            



                48
            


                    Rego Park
                


                11,395
            



                49
            


                    Deer Park
                


                11,289
            



                50
            


                    Newburgh
                


                11,179
            



                51
            


                    Binghamton
                


                11,016
            



                52
            


                    Ronkonkoma
                


                11,003
            



                53
            


                    Lindenhurst
                


                10,968
            



                54
            


                    Hempstead
                


                10,818
            



                55
            


                    Commack
                


                10,719
            



                56
            


                    New City
                


                10,625
            



                57
            


                    Jericho
                


                10,623
            



                58
            


                    Middletown
                


                10,581
            



                59
            


                    Queens Village
                


                10,350
            



                60
            


                    Monroe
                


                10,319
            



                61
            


                    Rockville Centre
                


                10,222
            



                62
            


                    Merrick
                


                10,099
            



                63
            


                    Niagara Falls
                


                9,937
            



                64
            


                    Oceanside
                


                9,893
            



                65
            


                    Whitestone
                


                9,740
            



                66
            


                    Saratoga Springs
                


                9,680
            



                67
            


                    Ithaca
                


                9,643
            



                68
            


                    Fresh Meadows
                


                9,635
            



                69
            


                    East Meadow
                


                9,470
            



                70
            


                    West Babylon
                


                9,449
            



                71
            


                    Williamsville
                


                9,421
            



                72
            


                    Maspeth
                


                9,381
            



                73
            


                    Troy
                


                9,372
            



                74
            


                    Ozone Park
                


                9,280
            



                75
            


                    Utica
                


                9,218
            



                76
            


                    Floral Park
                


                9,149
            



                77
            


                    Pittsford
                


                9,092
            



                78
            


                    Patchogue
                


                9,058
            



                79
            


                    Long Beach
                


                8,870
            



                80
            


                    Elmont
                


                8,804
            



                81
            


                    Baldwin
                


                8,690
            



                82
            


                    Kingston
                


                8,602
            



                83
            


                    South Richmond Hill
                


                8,472
            



                84
            


                    Manhasset
                


                8,430
            



                85
            


                    Bellmore
                


                8,395
            



                86
            


                    Glen Cove
                


                8,369
            



                87
            


                    Richmond Hill
                


                8,322
            



                88
            


                    Bohemia
                


                8,288
            



                89
            


                    Clifton Park
                


                8,259
            



                90
            


                    Lynbrook
                


                8,078
            



                91
            


                    Levittown
                


                7,958
            



                92
            


                    Wantagh
                


                7,948
            



                93
            


                    East Elmhurst
                


                7,731
            



                94
            


                    Liverpool
                


                7,730
            



                95
            


                    Port Chester
                


                7,664
            



                96
            


                    Webster
                


                7,636
            



                97
            


                    East Northport
                


                7,628
            



                98
            


                    Mamaroneck
                


                7,327
            



                99
            


                    Fairport
                


                7,143
            



                100
            


                    West Hempstead
                


                7,114
            



                101
            


                    Dix Hills
                


                7,066
            



                102
            


                    Brentwood
                


                7,048
            



                103
            


                    Southampton
                


                7,044
            



                104
            


                    Holbrook
                


                7,042
            



                105
            


                    Tonawanda
                


                6,914
            



                106
            


                    Latham
                


                6,873
            



                107
            


                    Suffern
                


                6,871
            



                108
            


                    College Point
                


                6,802
            



                109
            


                    Nanuet
                


                6,784
            



                110
            


                    Amityville
                


                6,773
            



                111
            


                    East Hampton
                


                6,655
            



                112
            


                    Mount Kisco
                


                6,641
            



                113
            


                    Medford
                


                6,627
            



                114
            


                    Franklin Square
                


                6,605
            



                115
            


                    Northport
                


                6,517
            



                116
            


                    Roslyn
                


                6,513
            



                117
            


                    Roslyn Heights
                


                6,498
            



                118
            


                    Ossining
                


                6,439
            



                119
            


                    Woodbury
                


                6,409
            



                120
            


                    Amherst
                


                6,335
            



                121
            


                    Larchmont
                


                6,314
            



                122
            


                    Uniondale
                


                6,214
            



                123
            


                    Yorktown Heights
                


                6,205
            



                124
            


                    Far Rockaway
                


                6,140
            



                125
            


                    West Islip
                


                6,140
            



                126
            


                    South Ozone Park
                


                6,111
            



                127
            


                    Rye
                


                6,087
            



                128
            


                    Bethpage
                


                6,054
            



                129
            


                    Tarrytown
                


                6,035
            



                130
            


                    Lockport
                


                6,027
            



                131
            


                    Wappingers Falls
                


                6,010
            



                132
            


                    Plattsburgh
                


                5,915
            



                133
            


                    Orchard Park
                


                5,914
            



                134
            


                    Riverhead
                


                5,837
            



                135
            


                    Hamburg
                


                5,671
            



                136
            


                    Mahopac
                


                5,662
            



                137
            


                    Bronxville
                


                5,655
            



                138
            


                    Woodmere
                


                5,654
            



                139
            


                    Cedarhurst
                


                5,648
            



                140
            


                    Port Jefferson Station
                


                5,590
            



                141
            


                    Nyack
                


                5,490
            



                142
            


                    Watertown
                


                5,483
            



                143
            


                    Middle Village
                


                5,473
            



                144
            


                    Brewster
                


                5,417
            



                145
            


                    Babylon
                


                5,351
            



                146
            


                    Central Islip
                


                5,289
            



                147
            


                    Peekskill
                


                5,279
            



                148
            


                    Glen Head
                


                5,271
            



                149
            


                    Woodhaven
                


                5,268
            



                150
            


                    North Tonawanda
                


                5,210
            



                151
            


                    Centereach
                


                5,157
            



                152
            


                    Jamestown
                


                5,141
            



                153
            


                    Elmsford
                


                5,124
            



                154
            


                    Elmira
                


                5,099
            



                155
            


                    Coram
                


                5,044
            



                156
            


                    Saint James
                


                5,019
            



                157
            


                    Harrison
                


                4,971
            



                158
            


                    Sayville
                


                4,936
            



                159
            


                    Carmel
                


                4,922
            



                160
            


                    Howard Beach
                


                4,903
            



                161
            


                    Hollis
                


                4,896
            



                162
            


                    Auburn
                


                4,871
            



                163
            


                    Sunnyside
                


                4,857
            



                164
            


                    New Windsor
                


                4,832
            



                165
            


                    East Syracuse
                


                4,756
            



                166
            


                    Seaford
                


                4,746
            



                167
            


                    Lawrence
                


                4,650
            



                168
            


                    Warwick
                


                4,650
            



                169
            


                    Hewlett
                


                4,641
            



                170
            


                    Little Neck
                


                4,628
            



                171
            


                    Kew Gardens
                


                4,617
            



                172
            


                    Hopewell Junction
                


                4,587
            



                173
            


                    Rosedale
                


                4,579
            



                174
            


                    Armonk
                


                4,549
            



                175
            


                    Canandaigua
                


                4,525
            



                176
            


                    Copiague
                


                4,489
            



                177
            


                    Shirley
                


                4,476
            



                178
            


                    Cheektowaga
                


                4,473
            



                179
            


                    Selden
                


                4,471
            



                180
            


                    Pelham
                


                4,463
            



                181
            


                    Endicott
                


                4,389
            



                182
            


                    Port Jefferson
                


                4,355
            



                183
            


                    Massapequa Park
                


                4,320
            



                184
            


                    Oyster Bay
                


                4,309
            



                185
            


                    Glendale
                


                4,297
            



                186
            


                    Queensbury
                


                4,294
            



                187
            


                    Saint Albans
                


                4,286
            



                188
            


                    Rome
                


                4,275
            



                189
            


                    Hartsdale
                


                4,221
            



                190
            


                    Pleasantville
                


                4,151
            



                191
            


                    Ballston Spa
                


                4,131
            



                192
            


                    Stony Brook
                


                4,014
            



                193
            


                    Vestal
                


                3,986
            



                194
            


                    Baldwinsville
                


                3,979
            



                195
            


                    Hampton Bays
                


                3,968
            



                196
            


                    Kings Park
                


                3,954
            



                197
            


                    East Setauket
                


                3,934
            



                198
            


                    North Babylon
                


                3,880
            



                199
            


                    East Islip
                


                3,786
            



                200
            


                    Pearl River
                


                3,785
            



                201
            


                    New Paltz
                


                3,773
            



                202
            


                    Goshen
                


                3,757
            



                203
            


                    Glens Falls
                


                3,724
            



                204
            


                    Chappaqua
                


                3,677
            



                205
            


                    Hudson
                


                3,677
            



                206
            


                    Depew
                


                3,662
            



                207
            


                    Amsterdam
                


                3,656
            



                208
            


                    Lancaster
                


                3,646
            



                209
            


                    Nesconset
                


                3,645
            



                210
            


                    West Seneca
                


                3,640
            



                211
            


                    Katonah
                


                3,628
            



                212
            


                    Oswego
                


                3,613
            



                213
            


                    Victor
                


                3,597
            



                214
            


                    Fishkill
                


                3,576
            



                215
            


                    Islip
                


                3,537
            



                216
            


                    Purchase
                


                3,498
            



                217
            


                    Oakland Gardens
                


                3,480
            



                218
            


                    Springfield Gardens
                


                3,480
            



                219
            


                    Briarcliff Manor
                


                3,478
            



                220
            


                    Farmingville
                


                3,456
            



                221
            


                    Cortland
                


                3,450
            



                222
            


                    Miller Place
                


                3,420
            



                223
            


                    Bellerose
                


                3,415
            



                224
            


                    Batavia
                


                3,387
            



                225
            


                    East Amherst
                


                3,354
            



                226
            


                    New Hartford
                


                3,323
            



                227
            


                    Croton On Hudson
                


                3,306
            



                228
            


                    Mount Sinai
                


                3,297
            



                229
            


                    East Aurora
                


                3,269
            



                230
            


                    Penfield
                


                3,252
            



                231
            


                    Carle Place
                


                3,245
            



                232
            


                    Williston Park
                


                3,216
            



                233
            


                    Saugerties
                


                3,201
            



                234
            


                    West Nyack
                


                3,185
            



                235
            


                    Eastchester
                


                3,169
            



                236
            


                    Grand Island
                


                3,154
            



                237
            


                    Monticello
                


                3,149
            



                238
            


                    Fayetteville
                


                3,122
            



                239
            


                    Sag Harbor
                


                3,101
            



                240
            


                    Albertson
                


                3,099
            



                241
            


                    Island Park
                


                3,096
            



                242
            


                    Oneonta
                


                3,079
            



                243
            


                    Cortlandt Manor
                


                3,035
            



                244
            


                    Locust Valley
                


                2,915
            



                245
            


                    Lake Grove
                


                2,913
            



                246
            


                    North Bellmore
                


                2,903
            



                247
            


                    Manlius
                


                2,892
            



                248
            


                    Delmar
                


                2,841
            



                249
            


                    Holtsville
                


                2,838
            



                250
            


                    Gloversville
                


                2,812
            



                251
            


                    Dobbs Ferry
                


                2,808
            



                252
            


                    Beacon
                


                2,801
            



                253
            


                    Pomona
                


                2,793
            



                254
            


                    Rensselaer
                


                2,782
            



                255
            


                    Spencerport
                


                2,724
            



                256
            


                    Hawthorne
                


                2,721
            



                257
            


                    Rocky Point
                


                2,708
            



                258
            


                    West Harrison
                


                2,704
            



                259
            


                    East Rockaway
                


                2,680
            



                260
            


                    Valhalla
                


                2,676
            



                261
            


                    Geneva
                


                2,667
            



                262
            


                    Olean
                


                2,664
            



                263
            


                    Westhampton Beach
                


                2,662
            



                264
            


                    Corning
                


                2,660
            



                265
            


                    Horseheads
                


                2,642
            



                266
            


                    Stony Point
                


                2,631
            



                267
            


                    Tuckahoe
                


                2,601
            



                268
            


                    Valley Cottage
                


                2,601
            



                269
            


                    Cohoes
                


                2,591
            



                270
            


                    Islandia
                


                2,579
            



                271
            


                    Manorville
                


                2,566
            



                272
            


                    Cicero
                


                2,565
            



                273
            


                    Rye Brook
                


                2,561
            



                274
            


                    Inwood
                


                2,559
            



                275
            


                    Islip Terrace
                


                2,542
            



                276
            


                    Johnson City
                


                2,536
            



                277
            


                    Rhinebeck
                


                2,521
            



                278
            


                    Middle Island
                


                2,496
            



                279
            


                    Cambria Heights
                


                2,493
            



                280
            


                    Chester
                


                2,490
            



                281
            


                    Clarence
                


                2,486
            



                282
            


                    Congers
                


                2,478
            



                283
            


                    Highland
                


                2,452
            



                284
            


                    Oakdale
                


                2,443
            



                285
            


                    Greenlawn
                


                2,437
            



                286
            


                    Bedford Hills
                


                2,408
            



                287
            


                    Fulton
                


                2,405
            



                288
            


                    Irvington
                


                2,399
            



                289
            


                    Center Moriches
                


                2,345
            



                290
            


                    Rockaway Park
                


                2,335
            



                291
            


                    Montgomery
                


                2,312
            



                292
            


                    Bedford
                


                2,308
            



                293
            


                    Ardsley
                


                2,271
            



                294
            


                    Thornwood
                


                2,261
            



                295
            


                    Bayport
                


                2,219
            



                296
            


                    Bellport
                


                2,210
            



                297
            


                    Douglaston
                


                2,201
            



                298
            


                    Brockport
                


                2,176
            



                299
            


                    Roosevelt
                


                2,162
            



                300
            


                    Port Jervis
                


                2,160
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.














