





















Mirae Asset HK Homepage


















Country Page





















IMPORTANT NOTE TO HONG KONG INVESTORS (Declaration Facility)
Important Risk Disclosures

MIRAE ASSET GLOBAL DISCOVERY FUND

Mirae Asset Global Discovery Fund as an umbrella fund under UCITS regulations has within its different sub-funds (the 'Funds')

investing mainly in equities and equity related securities, each with a different risk profile.
Some Funds may invest in emerging markets that should be regarded as having a higher level of illiquidity and volatility than

investing in developed countries. Investors may suffer loss of the entire amount invested.
Some Funds may invest in single markets or specific sectors subject to higher concentration risk and liquidity risk than other funds

with a diversified portfolio of investments.
Investment involves risks. Investors should not only base on this website alone to make investment decisions. Before making any

investment decision, prospective investor should read the Funds' offering documents carefully for further details, including the

product features and risk factors, and should consider seeking independent professional advice.

MIRAE ASSET DISCOVERY FUND

Mirae Asset Discovery Fund as an umbrella fund domiciled in Hong Kong has within its different sub-funds (the 'Funds') investing

mainly in equities and equity related securities, each with a different risk profile.
Some Funds may invest in emerging markets that should be regarded as having a higher level of illiquidity and volatility than

investing in developed countries. Investors may suffer loss of the entire amount invested.
Some Funds may invest in single markets or specific sectors subject to higher concentration risk and liquidity risk than other funds

with a diversified portfolio of investments.
Investment involves risks. Investors should not only base on this website alone to make investment decisions. Before making any

investment decision, prospective investor should read the Funds' offering documents carefully for further details, including the

product features and risk factors, and should consider seeking independent professional advice.

MIRAE ASSET HORIZONS EXCHANGE TRADED FUNDS SERIES/ MIRAE ASSET HORIZONS EXCHANGE

TRADED FUNDS SERIES II/ MIRAE ASSET HORIZONS LEVERAGED AND

INVERSE SERIES

Mirae Asset Horizons Exchange Traded Funds Series and Mirae Asset Horizons Exchange Traded Funds Series II are umbrella funds with a series of

different sub-funds which are exchange traded funds and which seek to provide investment results that, before deduction of fees

and expenses, closely correspond to the performance of their respective underlying indices.
Mirae Asset Horizons Leveraged and Inverse Series is an umbrella fund with a series of different sub-funds tracking the inverse or

two times the performance on an index on a daily basis.
Mirae Asset Horizons Leveraged and Inverse Series is different from conventional exchange traded funds as it seeks leveraged or

inverse investment results relative to the Index and only on a Daily basis. This product is not intended for holding longer than one

day as the performance of this product over a longer period may deviate from and be uncorrelated to the leveraged performance of

the Index over the period.
Certain Funds are subject to concentration risk as a result of tracking the performance of a single country, single geographical

region (Asia) or single sector. They are likely to be more volatile than a broad-based fund, such as a global equity fund, as they are

more susceptible to fluctuations in value of the underlying indices resulting from adverse conditions in that single country, region or

sector.
Certain Funds invest in Asian emerging markets, and are therefore subject to greater risk of loss compared with investments in

developed markets due to greater political, economic, taxation and regulatory uncertainty and risks linked to volatility and market

liquidity.
An investment in the units of the Funds may directly or indirectly involve exchange rate risk.
The units of the Funds may trade at a substantial premium or discount to their net asset value.
Due to fees and expenses of the Funds, liquidity of the market, foreign exchange costs, and changes to the regulatory policies, the returns of the Funds may deviate from that of their respective underlying indices.
Investment involves risks. Investors may lose part or all of their investment. Investors should not base on this website alone to make investment decisions. Before making any investment decision, prospective investor should read the Funds' offering documents carefully for further details, including the product features and risk factors, and should consider seeking independent professional advice.



This Site is intended for Hong Kong investors ONLY. Nothing on this Site shall be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell a security, or any other product or service, to any person in any jurisdiction where such solicitation, offer, purchase or sale would be unlawful under the laws of that jurisdiction, in particular certain selling restriction in Asian countries. IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT about any of the selling restrictions, please consult your stock broker, lawyer, accountant, bank manager or other professional adviser.

This website is not directed to any person in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person's nationality, residence or otherwise) the publication or availability of this website is prohibited. Persons in respect of whom such prohibitions apply or persons other than those specified above must not access this website. It is your responsibility to be aware of and to observe all applicable laws and regulations of any relevant jurisdiction. By proceeding, you are representing and warranting that the applicable laws and regulations of your jurisdiction allow you to access the information.

The information or this website is being provided solely for information purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation of an offer of securities or related financial instruments in any jurisdiction and is strictly for your information only. The information is based on certain assumptions, information and conditions applicable at a certain time and may be subject to change at any time without notice. No assurance can be given that the investment objective of any investment products will be achieved. Any past performance, projection or forecast stated is not necessarily indicative of future performance. No representation or promise as to the performance of any investment products or the return on an investment is made. The value of an investment and the income from them, if any, may fall as well as rise. Investments in collective investment schemes are subject to risks, including the possible loss of the principal amount invested. This website does not constitute investment advice or a recommendation and was prepared without regard to the specific objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular person who may receive it.

Due care should be taken by all Hong Kong intermediaries that they comply with all relevant local rules and regulations in responding to requests from clients for information in respect of the investment products referred to on this website. The following pages may contain information and material relating to funds that are authorized by the Securities and Futures Commission ('SFC') in Hong Kong, however, SFC authorization is not a recommendation or endorsement of a fund nor does it guarantee the commercial merits of a fund or its performance. It does not mean the fund is suitable for all investors nor is it an endorsement of its suitability for any particular investor or class of investors.

You must read the above information before proceeding.  By clicking the 'I Agree' button below, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the above information.




I Agree (Retail Investors) 
I Agree (Institutional Investors) 
Disagree   




 








This section is only accessible to visitors who agree to the Declaration Facility found in the previous page. To return to that page, 
click on the 'Back' button below.



Back


















Worldwide Offices
× 

Mirae Asset Financial Group

 Asset Management









You Are Leaving investments.miraeasset.eu 



The page you have selected will open in a new window. Please read the disclaimer below before continuing.
We have provided this link only as a convenience.  Providing this link is not and does not imply an affiliation, sponsorship, endorsement, approval, investigation, verification, or monitoring by Mirae Asset of any information contained in the Website. In no event shall we be responsible for the information contained on the site or your use of, or inability to use, the site.  You should also be aware that the terms and conditions of the site and the site's privacy policy may be different from those applicable to your use of http://investments.miraeasset.us.




Cancel
Continue











































Mirae Asset HK Homepage
















Country Page





















IMPORTANT NOTE TO HONG KONG INVESTORS (Declaration Facility)
Important Risk Disclosures

Mirae Asset Global Discovery Fund

Mirae Asset Global Discovery Fund as an umbrella fund under UCITS regulations has within it different sub-funds (the 'Funds') investing mainly in equities and equity related securities, each with a different risk profile.
Some Funds may invest in emerging markets that should be regarded as having a higher level of illiquidity and volatility than investing in developed countries. Investors may suffer loss of the entire amount invested.
Some Funds may invest in single markets or specific sectors subject to higher concentration risk and liquidity risk than other funds with a diversified portfolio of investments.
Investment involves risks. Investors should not only base on this website alone to make investment decisions.  Before making any investment decision, prospective investor should read the Funds' offering documents carefully for further details, including the product features and risk factors, and should consider seeking independent professional advice.

Horizons Exchange Traded Funds Series

Horizons Exchange Traded Funds Series is an umbrella fund with a series of different sub-funds (the 'Funds') which are exchange traded funds and which seek to provide investment results that, before deduction of fees and expenses, closely correspond to the performance of their respective underlying indices.
Certain Funds are subject to concentration risk as a result of tracking the performance of a single country, single geographical region (Asia) or single sector. They are likely to be more volatile than a broad-based fund, such as a global equity fund, as they are more susceptible to fluctuations in value of the underlying indices resulting from adverse conditions in that single country, region or sector.
Certain Funds invest in Asian emerging markets, and are therefore subject to greater risk of loss compared with investments in developed markets due to greater political, economic, taxation and regulatory uncertainty and risks linked to volatility and market liquidity.
An investment in the units of the Funds may directly or indirectly involve exchange rate risk.
The units of the Funds may trade at a substantial premium or discount to their net asset value.
Due to fees and expenses of the Funds, liquidity of the market, foreign exchange costs, and changes to the regulatory policies, the returns of the Funds may deviate from that of their respective underlying indices.
Investment involves risks. Investors may lose part or all of their investment.  Investors should not base on this website alone to make investment decisions.   Before making any investment decision, prospective investor should read the Funds' offering documents (available on www.horizonsetfs.com.hk) carefully for further details, including the product features and risk factors, and should consider seeking independent professional advice.



This website is not directed to any person in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person's nationality, residence or otherwise) the publication or availability of this website is prohibited. Persons in respect of whom such prohibitions apply or persons other than those specified above must not access this website. It is your responsibility to be aware of and to observe all applicable laws and regulations of any relevant jurisdiction. By proceeding, you are representing and warranting that the applicable laws and regulations of your jurisdiction allow you to access the information.

The information or this website is being provided solely for information purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation of an offer of securities or related financial instruments in any jurisdiction and is strictly for your information only. The information is based on certain assumptions, information and conditions applicable at a certain time and may be subject to change at any time without notice. No assurance can be given that the investment objective of any investment products will be achieved. Any past performance, projection or forecast stated is not necessarily indicative of future performance. No representation or promise as to the performance of any investment products or the return on an investment is made. The value of an investment and the income from them, if any, may fall as well as rise. Investments in collective investment schemes are subject to risks, including the possible loss of the principal amount invested. This website does not constitute investment advice or a recommendation and was prepared without regard to the specific objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular person who may receive it.

The following pages may contain information and material relating to funds that are not authorized by the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong. Due care should be taken by all Hong Kong intermediaries that they comply with all relevant local rules and regulations in responding to requests from clients for information in respect of the investment products referred to on this website. The following pages may also contain information and material relating to funds that are authorized by the Securities and Futures Commission ('SFC') in Hong Kong, however, SFC authorization is not a recommendation or endorsement of a fund nor does it guarantee the commercial merits of a fund or its performance. It does not mean the fund is suitable for all investors nor is it an endorsement of its suitability for any particular investor or class of investors.

You must read the above information before proceeding.  By clicking the 'I Agree' button below, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the above information.





I Agree
Disagree










This section is only accessible to visitors who agree to the Declaration Facility found in the previous page. To return to that page, 
click on the 'Back' button below.



Back


















Worldwide Offices
× 

Mirae Asset Financial Group

 Asset Management









You Are Leaving investments.miraeasset.eu 



The page you have selected will open in a new window. Please read the disclaimer below before continuing.
We have provided this link only as a convenience.  Providing this link is not and does not imply an affiliation, sponsorship, endorsement, approval, investigation, verification, or monitoring by Mirae Asset of any information contained in the Website. In no event shall we be responsible for the information contained on the site or your use of, or inability to use, the site.  You should also be aware that the terms and conditions of the site and the site's privacy policy may be different from those applicable to your use of http://investments.miraeasset.us.




Cancel
Continue

























Mirae Asset Discovery Funds: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























mirae asset discovery funds
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Mirae Asset Discovery Funds is an investment management firm. The Company invests in public equity markets of emerging countries across the globe.




Corporate Information
Address:

1350 Avenue of the Americas
33rd Floor, 55th St & 6th Ave
New York, NY 10019
United States


Phone:
1-212-205-8300


Fax:
1-212-205-8390


Web url:
investments.miraeasset.us





Board Members




President
Company


Peter Lee
Mirae Asset Global Investments USA LLC








Board Members
Company


Enrique Arzac
Credit Suisse Closed End Funds


























From The Web











Key Executives


Peter T C Lee


President







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Citi Extends Partnership With Mirae Asset Global Investments To Provide Securities And Fund Services To Support Launch Of The Mirae Asset Discovery Funds






































Search

























Home
About Us
Regions
Corporations
Financial Institutions
Public Sector





Asia Pacific
Europe, Middle East & Africa
Latin America
North America
















Articles
Awards
Careers

Case Studies

Corporations
Public Sector 


Online Academy

Online Academy Archive


Commercial Cards Academy

  Archived Training 


Press Room
Videos

Consumer & Healthcare
Energy, Power, Chemicals, and Mining
Infrastructure Initiatives
Public Sector

Supplier Spend Solutions
Technology, Media, Telecoms
Trade Services & Finance




Contact Us




Citi Extends Partnership With Mirae Asset Global Investments To Provide Securities And Fund Services To Support Launch Of The Mirae Asset Discovery Funds 
New York, NY - June 2, 2011 – Citi today announced that it has extended its partnership with Mirae Asset Global Investments (USA), LLC ("Mirae Asset") to provide securities and fund services in support of the launch of the Mirae Asset Discovery Funds.  Global asset management companies are distributing products in a growing number of domiciles and are seeking to create efficiencies that reduce the costs of duplicate operations.  Responding to this need, Citi created a custom solution of global custody, fund administration and middle-office operations to enable Mirae Asset to launch new funds without significant investment in operations infrastructure. 

This mandate extends Citi's partnership with Mirae Asset where it has provided global custody services to Mirae Asset's Korean-domiciled overseas funds since 2006, as well as providing global custody and fund accounting to its Luxembourg SICAV's and Brazil-domiciled products
  
"Citi's unique ability to provide an exceptional level of service to all of our firm's global locations makes it an ideal partner as our firm expands globally," said Jay (Hun Jun) Jang, President and CEO, Mirae Asset Global Investments (USA) LLC.  "Citi's knowledge of our business as well as their local presence around the world allows us to enter new markets efficiently while optimizing in the capabilities of our investment operations staff and technology resources."
 "We were able to quickly prepare for Mirae Asset's roll-out in New York because we had the implementation, technology and operations resources available to support Mirae Asset in all of their operating locations," says Neeraj Sahai, Global Head, Securities and Fund Services, Citi. "We were able to help Mirae Asset ensure a consistent service globally and help them connect their geographically dispersed offices."
 Through its Securities and Fund Services business, Citi's industry-focused experts provide investors worldwide with tailored solutions delivered through proven global platforms that feature modular, open architecture.  With $13 trillion of assets under custody and the industry's largest proprietary network, clients can leverage Citi's local market expertise and global reach to extract value across the entire investment value chain.  
Global Transaction Services, a division of Citi's Institutional Clients Group, offers integrated cash management, trade, and securities and fund services to multinational corporations, financial institutions and public sector organizations around the world. With a network that spans more than 100 countries, Citigroup's Global Transaction Services supports over 65,000 clients. As of the first quarter of 2011, it held on average $355 billion in liability balances and $13 trillion in assets under custody.
###
About Mirae Asset Global Investments (USA) LLC 
Mirae Asset Global Investments is one of the world's largest investment managers in emerging market equities (source: Investment & Pensions Europe, 2011).  With over 520 employees including more than 110 dedicated investment professionals, Mirae Asset portfolio management teams are located in Brazil, China, Hong Kong, India, Korea, the U.S. and Vietnam. Headquartered in Seoul, South Korea, the firm manages over $53 billion in assets globally, of which more than $29 billion is invested in emerging market equities (as of December 31, 2010). Mirae Asset Global Investments (USA) is focused on providing emerging market equity investment advisory services to mutual funds, foreign investment trusts and institutions.  www.miraeasset.com

About Citi
  Citi, the leading global financial services company, has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. Through Citicorp and Citi Holdings, Citi provides consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, transaction services, and wealth management. Additional information may be found at   www.citigroup.com






ARCHIVES

2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005






Home > 



TERMS & CONDITIONS
PRIVACY
INSTITUTIONAL CLIENTS GROUP
CONTACT US
SITE MAP
Follow Us:




CITIGROUP.COM



Citigroup.com is the global source of information about and access to financial services provided by the Citigroup companies.


















MCCGX Mutual Fund - Mirae-Asset-Discovery-Funds-Global-Emerging-Markets-Great-Consumer-Fund Summary - Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 













 Stock Quotes and Investment Research  -- Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 










  MIRAGCA Quote - MIRAE Asset Global Discovery Fund - Mirae Asset Asia Great Consumer Equity Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  MIRAE Asset Global Discovery Fund - Mirae Asset Asia Great Consumer Equity Fund   MIRAGCA:LX          14.95USD   0.05   0.33%     As of 11:33 AM EDT 7/26/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Fund    52Wk Range   10.96 - 15.00    1 Yr Return   20.37%    YTD Return   33.24%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   15.00    52Wk Range   10.96 - 15.00    1 Yr Return   20.97%    YTD Return   33.24%    Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Asian Pacific Region ex Japan    Asset Class Focus   Equity    Geographic Focus   Asian Pacific Region ex Japan    NAV (on 07/26/2017)   14.95    Total Assets (m USD) (on 06/30/2017)   490.216    Inception Date   06/07/2011    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   JOOHEE AN    Front Load Fee   5.00%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   0.00%    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   1.50%    Expense Ratio   0.00%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        BABA:US   Alibaba Group Holding Ltd    400.34 k 43.58 m 9.06      700:HK   Tencent Holdings Ltd    1.49 m 42.79 m 8.89      CTRP:US   Ctrip.com International Ltd    628.65 k 31.24 m 6.49      BRIT:IN   Britannia Industries Ltd    397.40 k 20.65 m 4.29      KLBF:IJ   Kalbe Farma Tbk PT    178.54 m 20.63 m 4.29      1928:HK   Sands China Ltd    4.22 m 19.53 m 4.06      APHS:IN   Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Lt    1.06 m 18.96 m 3.94      2318:HK   Ping An Insurance Group Co of    3.33 m 18.63 m 3.87      JD:US   JD.com Inc    587.70 k 18.55 m 3.85      URC:PM   Universal Robina Corp    4.62 m 15.05 m 3.13           Profile   Mirae Asset Discovery Funds - Asia Great Consumer Equity Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in Luxembourg. The Fund's objective is to achieve long-term capital growth. The Fund will invest at least 80% of its net assets in equity securities of issuers in Asia, excluding Japan, or investments that are tied economically to Asia, excluding Japan.    Address  33 rue de GasperichL-5826 HesperangeLuxembourg   Phone  (352) 45 1414 293   Website   fund.miraeasset.com              












Milestones | Mirae Asset





















	Investing In Asia and Emerging Market Expertise
	In 1997, Mirae Asset Global Investments was founded in the wake of the Asian currency crisis and emerged as a leading investment management & advisory services firm in Asia. Since then, we have expanded our footprint to other regions around the world across 12 global offices, culminating in over 120 investment professionals throughout Asia Pacific and the Americas. 
 
	We provide our clients with comprehensive on the ground expertise and guidance in Asian financial markets through an extensive selection of investment capabilities. With our commitment to clients, we offer best-in-class investment ideas and leverage research insights to supply high-quality financial products to our investors.
 
	Investment Capabilities
	Mirae Asset offers numerous options when it comes to investing in Asia and the emerging markets, as evidenced in our suite of flagship strategies across Asian & EM equities, global fixed income, exchanged traded funds, and alternative investments. With a diversified client base across retail and institutional investors, we can help provide the framework needed to navigate emerging Asian financial markets.
 
	Are You Invested in Asia? Find out how Mirae Asset Global Investments can serve as a resource by contacting us today!





Text size  A A











Milestones










Milestones

2016

Mirae Asset Securities acquires leading securities firm KDB Daewoo Securities, rebranded as Mirae Asset Daewoo
Mirae Asset wins 2016 Asian Private Banker Asset Management Awards for Excellence “Best Fund Provider - Global Emerging Market Equity”

2015

Received 2015 Lipper Fund Awards for the Mirae Asset Asia Pacific Equity Fund, Mirae Asset Asia Great Consumer Equity Fund, and Mirae Asset Asia Equity Funds in HK, Taiwan, and the US respectively
Completed development of Korea’s first Four Seasons Hotel in downtown Seoul

2014

Enters Thailand as the first Korean asset manager to distribute funds in the country

2013

Mirae Asset Private Equity acquired a significant equity position in Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, US coffee & tea retailer
Launched Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF, Horizons' first US-listed ETF
Mirae Asset Real Estate acquired landmark buildings 225 West Wacker, Chicago & Four Seasons Hotel Sydney

2012

Mirae Asset Huachen Fund Management established

2011

Acquisition of Horizons ETFs
Acquisition of Acushnet ('Titlest') by Mirae Asset Private Equity Fund and Fila Korea
Formed JV with Taiwan Life Insurance to create Mirae Asset Global Investments (Taiwan)

2010

Mirae Asset Discovery Funds launched in the US
Selected as case study for Harvard Business School

2009

Mirae Asset YiCai Investment Advisory (Shanghai) established

2008

Mirae Asset Global Investments (USA) established
Mirae Asset Global Investments (Brazil) established

2007

Mirae Asset Global Investments (Shanghai Representative Office) established
Mirae Asset Global Investments (UK) established

2006

Mirae Asset Global Investments (India) established
Mirae Asset Real Estate invested to build the Mirae Asset Tower in Pudong, Shanghai
Mirae Asset Securities listed on the Korea Stock Exchange

2005

Mirae Asset Retirement Pension Research Institute established
Mirae Asset Life Insurance founded
Launched first overseas investment fund, Mirae Asset Asia Pacific Star Equity Fund

2004

Mirae Asset Investment Education & Research Center established

2003

Mirae Asset Global Investments (Hong Kong) established

2001

Launched Korea's first front-load mutual fund and Korea's first open-ended mutual fund

2000

Mirae Asset Park Hyeon-Joo Foundation founded

1999

Mirae Asset Securities founded

1998

Mirae Asset Global Investments founded, Korea's first asset management company
Launched Hyeon-Joo Park Fund #1, Korea's first close-ended mutual fund

1997

Mirae Asset Investment Advisory founded
Mirae Asset Venture Capital founded












Investing In Asia Expertise




Important information



The following information is for your own protection and benefit. It explains certain legal and regulatory restrictions which apply to any investment in the products referred to in this website. After you have read and understood the following information, please click the ‘I AGREE’ button below to acknowledge that you have read and understood the information.
By accessing, browsing, and/or using this Website or linked websites and any pages hereof, you are indicating that you have read, acknowledged and agreed to be bound by the Terms of Use section.
This Website uses cookies to store information on your computer. By accessing this site, you consent to the placement of cookies on your machine as described in the Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to the use of cookies, please either disable cookies or refrain from accessing this site or any pages thereof.
Nothing contained on this Website constitutes tax, accounting, regulatory, legal, insurance or investment advice. Neither the information, nor any opinion, contained on this Website constitutes a solicitation or offer by Mirae Asset Global Investments Co., Ltd. ("MAGI") or its affiliates to buy or sell any securities, futures, options or other financial instruments, nor shall any such security be offered or sold to any person in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, purchase, or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. Decisions based on information contained on this Website are the sole responsibility of the visitor. In exchange for using this Website, the visitor agrees to indemnify and hold MAGI, its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents, licensors and suppliers harmless against any and all claims, losses, liability, costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorneys' fees) arising from your use of this Website, from your violation of these Terms or from any decisions that the visitor makes based on such information.
The investments and strategies discussed in the Website may not be suitable for all investors and are not obligations of MAGI or its affiliates or guaranteed by MAGI or its affiliates. MAGI makes no representations that the contents are appropriate for use in all locations, or that the transactions, securities, products, instruments, or services discussed on this site are available or appropriate for sale or use in all jurisdictions or countries, or by all investors or counterparties. By making available information on the Website, MAGI does not represent that any investment vehicle is available or suitable for any particular user. All persons and entities accessing the Website agree to do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws and regulations.  All investments involve risk and may lose value. The value of your investment can go down depending upon market conditions. BEFORE ACQUIRING THE SHARES OF ANY INVESTMENT FUND BY PURCHASE OR EXCHANGE, IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO READ THE FUND'S PROSPECTUS OR OFFERING MATERIALS.
This Website is for information purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon as a forecast, research or investment advice. The information on this Website does not constitute a recommendation, offer or solicitation to buy or sell any securities or to adopt any investment strategy. Although this material is based upon information that MAGI considers reliable and endeavors to keep current, MAGI does not assure that this material is accurate, current or complete, and it should not be relied upon as such. Any opinions expressed on this Website may change as subsequent conditions vary. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
You expressly acknowledge that you have checked and confirm that you; (i) are legally entitled to view this website; (ii) understand that any products mentioned on the website may no longer be available for investment or may not be available to you; and (iii) understand that the information on the website is not a promotion and that you will not treat it as such and that any information on the website is not addressed specifically to you.




I disagree
I agree








Thank you for visiting Miraeasset.com.



Unfortunately, the site is only available to those users that meet the qualifications
                    outlined on the previous page. If you believe that you should have access to the site, and have
                    accessed this page in error, please click the button below to go back to the previous page.




Go Back








Worldwide Offices
×







 Remember Selection
            







Important information



The following information is for your own protection and benefit. It explains certain legal and regulatory restrictions which apply to any investment in the products referred to in this website. After you have read the following information, please click continue to acknowledge that you have read and understood the information.
To the extent that this website contains any information about financial products offered by MAGI, such products are available to investors in such other jurisdiction other than the United States, where the product issuer in its absolute discretion, has approved such offer. No products on this Site have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons. These materials are not for use in, and may not be delivered to or inside, the United States.
You represent, warrant and covenant that: (i) you are not a U.S. Person (as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended) or acting for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person; (ii) you are a Non-United States Person (as defined in Rule 4.7 under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended) and are not acting for the account or benefit of a person who is not a Non-United States Person; (iii) you will not make information on this website available to any such U.S. Person or any person who is not such a Non-United States Person; and (iv) you will forthwith cease any use of any information on this website for any purpose if any of the foregoing representations is no longer true.
You expressly acknowledge that you have checked and confirm that you; (i) are legally entitled to view this website; (ii) understand that any products mentioned on the website may no longer be available for investment or may not be available to you; and (iii) understand that the information on the website is not a promotion and that you will not treat it as such and that any information on the website is not addressed specifically to you.




Cancel
Continue








Products Overview×



MUTUAL FUNDS



EQUITY
Fixed Income




ASIA
GEM/Global


GEM/GLOBAL
Regional/Single Country


LOCAL/SINGLE COUNTRY
 



Exchange Traded Funds



Horizons ETFs
BETASHARES
TIGER ETFs




Canada
Australia
Korea


Colombia
 
 


Hong Kong
 
 


USA
 
 



Alternative Investments



Real Estate
Infrastructure
Private Equity


Hedge Funds
 
 





















Close



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














mirae asset discovery funds - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Mirae Asset Discovery Funds - LookSmart | www1.looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Mirae Asset Discovery Funds



Results for Mirae Asset Discovery Funds. Get the look smart on Looksmart.com





Look Here



Good Results




More Info





Unclaimed Money Search | golookup.com



Ad
 ·
www.golookup.com



You Might Have Money Waiting Check For Unclaimed Money Now!




VanEck Hard Assets Fund - VanEck Global Hard Assets Fund



Ad
 ·
www.vaneck.com



Learn More And See Performance.




Real Asset Funds Information - Search for Real Asset Funds



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​real-asset/​funds



Find Real Asset Funds Results on Alothome.com. Browse Real Asset Funds Listings.




Searches related tomirae asset discovery funds



mirae asset management india


mirae mutual fund india


mirae asset korea


mirae asset mf



mirae asset usa


mirae asset securities us


mirae india


mirae asset group




Web Results

Mutual Funds - Mirae Asset

investments.miraeasset.us/mutual-funds


Mutual Funds. Mutual Funds BY ... The Fund's investment manager, Mirae Asset Global Investments ... The Mirae Asset Discovery Funds are distributed by Funds ...



Asia Fund



Global Dynamic Bond Fund



Investment Strategies



Mirae Asset Discovery Funds

investments.miraeasset.us/.../6721/2570/mirae-asset-discovery-funds...


Mirae Asset Discovery Funds Annual Report April 30, 2016 Emerging Markets Fund Asia Fund Emerging Markets Great Consumer Fund Asia Great Consumer Fund


Mirae Asset Discovery Funds

investments.miraeasset.us/download_file/265/151


Mirae Asset Discovery Funds (the “Funds”) Supplement dated May 16, 2016 to the Funds’ Prospectuses dated August 28, 2015 and November 17, 2015


Mirae Asset Homepage

miraeasset.us


The Mirae Asset Discovery Funds are distributed by Funds Distributor, ... investigation, verification, or monitoring by Mirae Asset of any information contained in ...


Mirae Asset Discovery Funds - Mirae Asia Fund - Bloomberg.com

https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/MILAX:US


Performance charts for Mirae Asset Discovery Funds - Mirae Asia Fund (MILAX) including intraday, historical and comparison charts, technical analysis and trend lines.


Mirae Asset Discovery Funds - Brazil Sector Leader Fund

https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/MCLBX:US


Performance charts for Mirae Asset Discovery Funds - Brazil Sector Leader Fund (MCLBX) including intraday, historical and comparison charts, technical analysis and ...


MGCIX Quote - Mirae Asset Discovery Funds - Asia Great ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/MGCIX:US


Performance charts for Mirae Asset Discovery Funds - Asia Great Consumer Fund (MGCIX) including intraday, historical and comparison charts, technical analysis and ...


Mirae Asset Discovery Funds Now Available on Pershing ...

miraeasset.us/about-us/news-and-press/mirae-asset-discovery-funds...


Mirae Asset Discovery Funds Now Available on Pershing FundVest Platform. April 4, 2011. New York. Emerging markets leader Mirae Asset Global Investments ("Mirae Asset ...


Mirae Asset Discovery Funds 1 Bryant Park New York, NY ...

https://www.mapquest.com/.../mirae-asset-discovery-funds-370248527


Get directions, reviews and information for Mirae Asset Discovery Funds in New York, NY.


MALAX Profile | Mirae Asset Discovery Funds, As Stock ...

https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/MALAX/profile


See the company profile for Mirae Asset Discovery Funds, As (MALAX) including business summary, industry/sector information, number of employees, business summary ...










Mirae Asset Discovery Funds - LookSmart | www1.looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Mirae Asset Discovery Funds



Results for Mirae Asset Discovery Funds. Get the look smart on Looksmart.com





Look Here



Good Results




More Info





Unclaimed Money Search | golookup.com



Ad
 ·
www.golookup.com



You Might Have Money Waiting Check For Unclaimed Money Now!




VanEck Hard Assets Fund - VanEck Global Hard Assets Fund



Ad
 ·
www.vaneck.com



Learn More And See Performance.




Real Asset Funds Information - Search for Real Asset Funds



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​real-asset/​funds



Find Real Asset Funds Results on Alothome.com. Browse Real Asset Funds Listings.



Searches related tomirae asset discovery funds



mirae asset management india


mirae mutual fund india


mirae asset korea


mirae asset mf



mirae asset usa


mirae asset securities us


mirae india


mirae asset group




12345Next






Answers







Mirae Asset Group



comprehensive financial services in the areas of wealth management and life insurance. Mirae Asset was founded by Hyeon Joo Park in 1997 and introduced...

more






List of asset management firms



An Asset Management Company (AMC) is an asset management / investment management company/firm that invests the pooled funds of retail investors in...

more






Flow of funds



Flow of funds accounts are a system of interrelated balance sheets for a nation, calculated periodically. There are two types of balance those showing...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network

































Angel Investors and Start Up Funding | Funded.com

 



















             World's  Leading  Accredited investor Network.  Get connected with the right financing for  your business. Entrepreneurs are getting funded,why shouldn't you?   Get Started     Angel Investors Startup Funding  Get Started     Business Funding Venture Capital  Get Started       Business Plan  Let us write your Business Plan   Get Started                   Connect with millions of dollars in funding and join the ranks of the funded at Funded.com ®      




Currently Trending:




Move Over Uber!
Disruptive Technology - High ROI - Quick Exit
New York New York


Amount $500,000

 





NEW E-COMMERCE STORE I...
M/S SVOCAN HANDICRAFTS IS SELLING HOME FURNISHING PRODUCTS ONLINE THROUGH EBAY.COM, EBAY.CO.UK, EBAY.COM.AU & AMAZON.COM. NOW WE ARE DEVELOPING OUR OWN E-COMMERCE STORE. WE NEED SEED FUNDING OF 10 MILLION USD.
Yamuna Nagar


Amount $10,000,000

 





https://legalmap.net/en
You can find a lawyer anywhere using the location data. Uber for lawyers
Kiev, Ukraine


Amount $100 000 

 





Mass Organic Production
Growing organic produce to set standards and providing organic options more affordable.
SPRING, TX


Amount $500,000

 
















NEWS RELEASE - Commercial real estate venture gets funded for $250K from funded.com's funding provider. Comment: I was very pleased with the speed and professional attitude of the site. I will recommend this to anyone in the future. 

Greg S
 Decatur, IL





"Funded.com has been great and my project is in the final stages of being funded by an investor I found on here. I was surprized at the quick process and how fast investors funded my project. Website was a big help!" 

Rick R 
Entreprenuer





Let me first start by saying I believe your site is THE BEST there is for connecting Entrepreneurs and Investors.  It is the site I've had most success with.  I had about 6 Investors either respond back or contact me because of your site with an interest in investing in my company. Thank you very much!  I love your site and will recommend it to any of my Colleagues.  I love the fact that we are able to contact the Investors directly (which many of the sites joining Entrepreneurs and Investors don't allow).  It looks like I'm about to go into contract with an Investor because of your site.  Thank you again. 

Faith D
Entreprenuer





I am grateful I had the opportunity to access your network of investors. I am reasonably confident that the current negotiations with one of your investors will go through for our film production. I will be back for my next production. 

Oscar S
Entreprenuer








Feedback and Funded







Do you need help with your Business Plan?
Let Us Professionally Write Your Business Plan
Learn More









FOLLOW US




 




 As seen on 



Trusted 



















ABOUT US

About Funded
Blog
Contact Us
How it works
Reviews





DEFINITIONS: What is?

Angel Investor
Venture Capital

Private Equity

Investors
Lenders





SITE

Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Report an Issue
Business Plan





YOUR MEMBERSHIP

Log In
Member Join Up
Investor Join Up






Copyright ©2017 by Funded.com®
Funded.com® is a network that provides a platform for start up and existing businesses, projects, ideas, patents or fundraising to connect with funding sources. Funded.com® is not a registered broker or dealer and does not offer investment advice or advice on the raising of capital through securities offering. Funded.com® does not provide funding or make any recommendations or suggestions to an investor to make an investment in a particular company nor take part in the negotiations or execution of any transaction or deal. Funded.com® does not purchase, sell, negotiate execute, take possession or is compensated by securities in any way, or at any time, nor is it permitted through our platform. We are not an equity crowdfunding platform or portal.



















Putnam Investments - Mutual funds, Institutional, and 529


































About Putnam

Our company
Executive team
Board of Trustees
Proxy voting
Newsroom
Careers
Our culture
Organization
Early career programs
Benefits
Open positions



Contact us
























Positive fundamentals may be tested by policy uncertainty


Q3 2017 | Equity Outlook
For U.S. equity investors, the second quarter offered a number of familiar themes: relatively low volatility, new record highs for major indexes, and a modest advance for stocks.
Find out why »






You may also be interested in:

Q3 2017 | Fixed Income Outlook
In the United States, we see an increasing amount of evidence pointing toward late-cycle economic conditions.
Find out why  »


Q3 2017 | Capital Markets Outlook
As the market digests the Fed's latest rate increase, a long-anticipated surge in inflation remains elusive.
Find out why  »












View all Putnam funds »




Income funds for a changing rate outlook
+
–



Putnam Short Duration Income Fund
Putnam Absolute Return 100 Fund
Putnam Absolute Return 300 Fund
Putnam Diversified Income Trust







Equity funds that can gain from growth
+
–



Putnam Equity Income Fund
Putnam Growth Opportunities Fund







Tax-exempt income funds
+
–



Putnam Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam Tax-Free High Yield Fund







Funds with risk-reducing diversification
+
–



Putnam Absolute Return 500 Fund
Putnam Dynamic Asset Allocation Balanced Fund
Putnam Dynamic Asset Allocation Growth Fund












IDEAS FOR WEALTH MANAGEMENT







Don’t lose sight of discretionary spending in retirement plan















Advisor-only Webcast
|
Distinctly different: How to brand yourself in a world of sameness
|
July 19, 2017
|
1:15pm ET






Listen to replay











60-second Insights


See all videos »








Learn how interest-rate risk dominates indexes


Explore an unconstrained bond portfolio


See how unconstrained funds outperformed during rising rate periods


Fixed Income Outlook Q3 2017









Look for secular trends that can sustain earnings


Explore a growth portfolio with a thematic approach


Equity Outlook Q3 2017









Software as a service can change a business


Explore a global technology portfolio


Equity Outlook Q3 2017










Financial advisors:

Explore fund ideas, analyze portfolios, and create presentations with this free, open architecture tool.
Download the app or use now:



On your iPad

App Store




Launch FundVisualizer

Login required













Our commitment to performance excellence
Putnam Investments is proud to partner with world-class athletes, teams, and organizations who share our:

Belief in teamwork
Dedication to winning
Focus on performance




















New England Patriots


Boston Celtics


Ted Ligety & U.S. Ski and snowboard assoc.


Keegan Bradley  Brendan Steele  Jon Curran












 



Mutual Funds
















 























×
LinkedIn allows you to select who can see your connections.


Learn more
By making your connections visible:

Your connections can see your network and ask for introductions
You can ask your connections for introductions
You can fully participate in the LinkedIn social ecosystem and continually build your network

Decide who you want to connect with on LinkedIn:

Your shared connections are always visible, no matter what setting you choose
Consider removing some connections if you don't want them to see your network.










Putnam Investments - Financial Advisor




Login
Register
About Putnam
Contact us









 






Mutual funds



Absolute Return
Asset Allocation
Global Sector
Growth




Blend
Taxable Income
Tax-free Income
Value




Pricing and performance
Pricing policies
Historical pricing
Prospectuses/fund documents




See all mutual funds


Other investments

Closed-end funds
Annuities
Non-U.S. funds



FundVisualizer
 
Select a Putnam fund to compare
Putnam Growth Opportunities Fund
Putnam Pennsylvania Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam Global Sector Fund
Putnam Multi-Cap Core Fund
Putnam Capital Spectrum Fund
Putnam Global Equity Fund
Putnam Equity Spectrum Fund
Putnam George Putnam Balanced Fund
Putnam Global Income Trust
Putnam Global Health Care Fund
Putnam Short Duration Income Fund
Putnam Dynamic Risk Allocation Fund
Putnam High Yield Fund
Putnam Floating Rate Income Fund
Putnam Multi-Cap Growth Fund
Putnam New Jersey Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2060 Fund
Putnam Absolute Return 700 Fund
Putnam Government Money Market Fund (A Shares)
Putnam Absolute Return 500 Fund
Putnam Equity Income Fund
Putnam Europe Equity Fund
Putnam American Government Income Fund
Putnam Dynamic Asset Allocation Conservative Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2055 Fund
Putnam Dynamic Asset Allocation Balanced Fund
Putnam New York Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam Dynamic Asset Allocation Growth Fund
Putnam Retirement Income Fund Lifestyle 1
Putnam Ohio Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam International Equity Fund
Putnam Small Cap Value Fund
Putnam Massachusetts Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam Diversified Income Trust
Putnam Convertible Securities Fund
Putnam California Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam Global Financials Fund
Putnam Small Cap Growth Fund
Putnam Global Consumer Fund
Putnam International Capital Opportunities Fund
Putnam International Value Fund
Putnam Global Telecommunications Fund
Putnam Global Natural Resources Fund
Putnam Money Market Fund (A Shares)
Putnam Global Technology Fund
Putnam Global Industrials Fund
Putnam Capital Opportunities Fund
Putnam Tax-Free High Yield Fund
Putnam Global Utilities Fund
Putnam U.S. Government Income Trust
Putnam Research Fund
Putnam Minnesota Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam AMT-Free Municipal Fund
Putnam Absolute Return 300 Fund
Putnam Absolute Return 100 Fund
Putnam Short-Term Municipal Income Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2030 Fund
Putnam International Growth Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2045 Fund
Putnam Intermediate-Term Municipal Income Fund
Putnam Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2050 Fund
Putnam Income Fund
Putnam Multi-Cap Value Fund
Putnam Low Volatility Equity Fund
Putnam Emerging Markets Income Fund
Putnam Emerging Markets Equity Fund
Putnam Investors Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2020 Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2025 Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2035 Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2040 Fund


Tax Center

Year-end distributions
Help with tax forms
Fund tax data





Our fundamental approach
Only an active approach can offer more than the market. Our portfolio managers invest with conviction based on fundamental research and a proactive view of risk.

All managers


Insights on investing

Revisiting "Thinking outside the index" (PDF)
Independent equity research: How we do it, and why it matters (PDF)



Manager spotlight


D. William Kohli
Chief Investment Officer, Fixed Income discusses how his background in quantitative analysis contributes to his approach to investing in dynamic markets.
Watch video »











Latest perspective


Value benefits from an expanding economy
Value stocks have lagged the market in 2017, but if the economy continues to expand, rates rise, and the yield curve steepens, this trend could reverse.






See all Perspectives posts


Market updates

60-second Insights
Weekly economic update
Webcasts and conference calls
Market Perspectives



Outlooks and research

Capital Markets Outlook
Fixed Income Outlook
Equity Outlook
Investment insights
Infographics





Help clients maneuver in markets.





More resources:

Putnam fund managers discuss the current investment environment.
Navigate changing rates by going beyond the indexes
Invest for tax-exempt income
Diversifying with asset allocation
Diversifying with absolute return






More ideas for your clients

Saving for college
Saving for retirement
Diversifying with income funds
Diversifying with global allocation
Diversifying with absolute return





FundVisualizer®



View over 30,000 funds, ETFs, and indexes
Build and compare portfolios
Import fund data
Create presentations
Free for advisors









Launch FundVisualizer | View a demo from our webcast replay




Tools and calculators

Order literature
CD vs. municipal bond calculator
Hypothetical expense calculator


See all tools


Frequently requested forms

Mutual Fund Account Application (PDF)
Designation of Beneficiary (PDF)
IRA forms and applications


See all forms




Ideas for wealth management


Don’t lose sight of discretionary spending in retirement plan
Planning for both discretionary spending as well as essential expenses is important when saving for retirement.






See all Wealth Management posts


Resources for you

Social media survey
Social media training
Advisor Tech Tips
Practice management
Continuing education
Portfolio Solutions



Resources for your clients

Order literature
Investor education
Client seminars





Over 75 years serving investors through advisors


To navigate complex financial markets, investors deserve an ally. Study after study confirms that investors benefit from working with financial advisors who can help develop and maintain a long-term strategy.



About our commitment to you



Standards of excellence
Supporting your efforts




Content for you and your clients
Your Putnam team
Backed by Great-West Lifeco







Why log in?
Login to access and manage your client information through Putnam's Daily Statement view or DST Vision.


Help logging in
For login assistance, please call support services at
 1-800-354-2228


Log in for account access via DST Vision



User ID





Password







 Remember me




Login




To create or reset a DST Vision ID, call: 1-800-354-2228. Non-U.S. advisors, call: +1 617-292-1000 x43051. (M-F, 8:30 a.m. - 7:00 p.m. ET)








 


Home
Mutual funds





Putnam Mutual Funds
Managed strategies for pursuing investors' goals
At Putnam, both traditional and alternative strategies are inspired by our independent approach to investment research. We look for value beyond mainstream benchmark indexes, pursue new drivers of return, and take a broader view of market risk with the goal of reducing volatility.
Explore our products to build a diversified portfolio.




Compare Putnam funds with industry peers on FundVisualizer®, then share insights with your clients.


 

All funds
Trending
FundVisualizer comparison
Fund commentary







Fund search:









|Filter



Clear all
Close



Absolute Return
Asset Allocation
Blend
Global Sector
Growth
Taxable Income
Tax-free Income
Value

Morningstar Ratings (5-year)









Above-Lipper Median



Annualized Returns (before sales charge)
between



%


and



%



Time period


10 yrs./Life
5 yrs.
3 yrs.
1 yr.




Portfolio Managers

All Portfolio Managers
Aaron M. Cooper, CFA 
Adrian H. Chan, CFA 
Albert Chan, CFA 
Andrew J. Yoon CFA
Anthony J. Daigle 
Brett S. Kozlowski, CFA 
Christopher J. Eitzmann 
D. William Kohli 
Daniel J. Graña, CFA 
Daniel Schiff 
Darren A. Jaroch, CFA 
David L. Diamond, CFA 
David L. Glancy 
Di Yao 
Elizabeth Hansen McGuire 
Emily E. Shanks 
Eric N. Harthun, CFA 
Garrett L. Hamilton, CFA 
Gerard P. Sullivan 
Isabel Buccellati 
Jacquelyne J. Cavanaugh 
James A. Fetch 
James A. Polk, CFA 
Jason R. Vaillancourt, CFA 
Jatin Misra PhD, CFA
Jeffrey B. Sacknowitz, CFA 
Joanne M. Driscoll, CFA 
Jonathan M. Topper 
Joshua H. Fillman 
Karan S. Sodhi, CFA 
Kathryn B. Lakin 
Michael J. Atkin 
Michael J. Lima, CFA 
Michael J. Maguire, CFA 
Michael V. Salm 
Neil P. Desai 
Norman P. Boucher 
Paul D. Scanlon, CFA 
Paul M. Drury, CFA 
Robert J. Kea, CFA 
Robert J. Schoen 
Robert L. Davis, CFA 
Robert L. Salvin 
Robert M. Brookby 
Ryan W. Kauppila 
Samuel Cox 
Shep Perkins, CFA 
Simon Davis 
Spencer Morgan, CFA 
Vivek Gandhi, CFA 
Walter D. Scully, CPA 
William C. Rives 
William J. Monroe, CFA 



Viewing:  




Share Class



Select
A
B
C
M
R
R5
R6
T1
Y




Y share annualized returns as of 06/30/17
Cumulative Returns as of 06/30/17
Volatility & Risk (A and Y shares only)
Profile
Morningstar Ratings
Lipper Rankings
Up-market Capture Ratio (A and Y shares only)
Down-market Capture Ratio (A and Y shares only)
Information Ratio (A and Y shares only)


Before sales charge
After sales charge




Please note: B Shares are closed to new investors



 
Fund 
Ticker 
Asset class 
1 yr. 
3 yrs. 
5 yrs. 
10 yrs. / Life 
1 yr. 
3 yrs. 
5 yrs. 
10 yrs. / Life 
1 yr. 
3 yrs. 
5 yrs. 
10 yrs. / Life 
1 yr. 
3 yrs. 
5 yrs. 
10 yrs. / Life 
Beta 
R2 
Std. Dev. 
Sharpe Ratio 
Alpha 
Expense Ratio 
Total Assets ($m) 
Turnover Ratio 
Overall 
3 yrs. 
5 yrs. 
10 yrs. / Life 
1 yr. 
3 yrs. 
5 yrs. 
10 yrs. / Life 
1 yr. 
3 yrs. 
5 yrs. 
1 yr. 
3 yrs. 
5 yrs. 
1 yr. 
3 yrs. 
5 yrs. 

Compare

Track









10 most-viewed funds:

-1 year ago



-9 months ago



-6 months ago



-3 months ago


Now






1
2




3
4


5
6


7


8
9


10










† The benchmark shown is a "best fit" benchmark assigned by Morningstar. Morningstar does not calculate benchmark performance for funds with a blended, or combined primary benchmark. For more information on the Fund's benchmark, please click on the prospectus link above. 
Powered by Morningstar.
Morningstar data is shown as of the most recent reporting period by each fund family. Allocations may not equal 100% and will vary overtime. Assets contained within "Other" category are not classified by Morningstar. All information presented in this tool is for informational purposes only and is not intended to be investment advice. The information is not meant to be an offer to sell or a recommendation to buy any investment product. Unless otherwise noted, performance is shown before sales charge. For more fund information, click the prospectuses button.
All information is historical and not indicative of future results. Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee results. Share price, principal value, and return will vary, and you may have a gain or a loss when you sell your shares. Performance assumes reinvestment of distributions and does not account for taxes. After-sales-charge returns reflect the maximum sales charge applicable to the fund, which can be found within the Table Chart. Performance may not reflect any expense limitation or subsidies currently in effect. Short-term trading fees may apply. To obtain the most recent month-end performance, visit Morningstar.com.
This material is for informational and educational purposes only. It is not a recommendation of any specific investment product, strategy, or decision, and is not intended to suggest taking or refraining from any course of action. It is not intended to address the needs, circumstances, and objectives of any specific investor. Putnam, which earns fees when clients select its products and services, is not offering impartial advice in a fiduciary capacity in providing this sales and marketing material. This information is not meant as tax or legal advice. Investors should consult a professional advisor before making investment and financial decisions and for more information on tax rules and other laws, which are complex and subject to change.
Not FDIC insured | May lose value | No bank guarantee








‡ As of May 8, 2017, Putnam High Yield Advantage Fund was renamed to Putnam High Yield Fund.


Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. Share price, principal value, and return will vary, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares. To obtain the most recent month-end performance, visit putnam.com. 



Performance assumes reinvestment of distributions and does not account for taxes. Returns before sales charge do not reflect the current maximum sales charges as indicated below. Had the sales charge been reflected, returns would be lower. Returns at public offering price (after sales charge) for class A and class M shares reflect the current maximum initial sales charges of 5.75% and 3.50% for equity funds and Putnam Absolute Return 500 Fund and 700 Fund, and 4.00% and 3.25% for income funds (1.00% and 0.75% for Putnam Floating Rate Income Fund and Putnam Absolute Return 100 Fund and 300 Fund), respectively. Class B share returns reflect the applicable contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC), which is 5% in the first year, declining to 1% in the sixth year, and is eliminated thereafter (except for Putnam Floating Rate Income Fund, which is 3% in the first year, declining to 1% in the fourth year, and is eliminated thereafter). Class C shares reflect a 1% CDSC the first year that is eliminated thereafter. Performance for class B, C, M, R, T, and Y shares prior to their inception is derived from the historical performance of class A shares, adjusted for the applicable sales charge (or CDSC) and, except for class Y shares, the higher operating expenses for such shares (with the exception of Putnam Tax-Free High Yield Fund and Putnam AMT-Free Municipal Fund, which are based on the historical performance of class B shares). Performance for Class R5/R6 shares before their inception are derived from the historical performance of class Y shares, which have not been adjusted for the lower expenses; had they, returns would have been higher. Class A, M, and T shares of Putnam money market funds have no initial sales charge. For a portion of the periods, some funds had expenses limitations or had been sold on a limited basis with limited assets and expenses, without which returns would be lower. 



Lipper rankings are based on total return without sales charge relative to all share classes of funds with similar objectives as determined by Lipper. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Rankings for other periods can be found on the Facts & Rankings tab.



For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads, and redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) The Overall Morningstar Rating for a fund is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3–, 5–, and 10–year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. Data is historical. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Rankings for other periods can be found on the Facts & Rankings tab.



























Research Fund Performance with FundVisualizer - Putnam Investments



































Download FundVisualizer®

On your iPad

App Store






Winner - Appy Awards 2017









Menu






FundVisualizer is an advisor-only tool that streamlines your fund research with intuitive controls and powerful features.




Analyze funds from across the industry
Assess the impact that correlation can have on your portfolio
Easily import your fund data
Share with clients




Explore new investment opportunities
Create and model custom hypotheticals
Model portfolio performance
Build out your library of custom charts




LAUNCH TOOL
DOWNLOAD











 
Your browser does not support the video tag.



















Analyze funds from across the industry
Evaluate more than 30,000 funds, ETFs, and indexes, using over 80 performance and risk metrics, and compare funds and portfolios directly from your desktop or tablet.

Make head-to-head comparisons of funds or create and model portfolios
Access from any modern web browser or from your iPad











Explore new investment opportunities
Use the all-new fund explorer feature and find similar funds based on the same share class and Morningstar category.

Filter your results to find potential new opportunities for your clients
Easily add any fund from the results page to a new comparison











Compare correlation to uncover hidden portfolio risk
Diversifying by market cap, geography, or investment style may not be enough.
The traditional model for building a diversified portfolio may not be adequate in today's market. Adding small-cap stocks to a large-cap portfolio, combining growth stocks with value stocks, or even supplementing a U.S.-focused fund mix with international or emerging-market equities may not create the level of diversification desired. The reason: high correlations across markets and investment styles over the past several years.
Use FundVisualizer to compare the correlation between two portfolios and fund-to-fund correlation to uncover hidden portfolio risk.










Create and model custom hypotheticals
Use the compare feature to create two portfolios and then model accumulation or withdrawal outcomes by entering custom dollar amounts for periodic contributions or withdrawals.










Easily import your fund data
Copy and paste, drag and drop, or browse and upload all your fund tickers and portfolio allocations from a spreadsheet to save for easy comparisons later.










Model portfolio performance
Research the returns of different allocation models across a variety of historical market conditions to see the impact of tweaks to your clients' portfolio mixes.

Easily generate portfolio comparisons in just four clicks
Save comparisons to your personal library











Share with clients
Intuitive controls make it easy to create shareholder-approved reports customized for your clients.

Download, save, and print client proposals
Email directly to your clients from the application











Build out your library of custom charts
Generate individual and custom portfolio comparisons, build a personal chart library, and save to keep your research organized.

Use the platform you prefer: desktop or iPad
Save charts with custom names organized into custom folders












Powered by Morningstar.
All information presented in this tool is for informational purposes only and is not intended to be investment advice. The information is not meant to be an offer to sell or a recommendation to buy any investment product.
All funds involve risk, and you can lose money. See the prospectus for details.
Your clients should carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses of a fund before investing. For a prospectus, or a summary prospectus if available, containing this and other information for any fund, please call Putnam Dealer Marketing Services at 1-800-354-4000. Your clients should read the prospectus carefully before investing.
For complete fund data and performance as of the most recent calendar quarter-end, click the "Prospectus" button.
All information is historical and not indicative of future results. Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee results. Share price, principal value, and return will vary, and you may have a gain or a loss when you sell your shares. Performance assumes reinvestment of distributions and does not account for taxes. After-sales-charge returns reflect the maximum sales charge applicable to the fund. Performance may not reflect any expense limitation or subsidies currently in effect. Short-term trading fees may apply. To obtain the most recent month-end performance, visit Morningstar.com.
This material is for informational and educational purposes only. It is not a recommendation of any specific investment product, strategy, or decision. It is not intended to suggest taking or refraining from any course of action, nor is it customized to address the needs, circumstances and objectives of any specific investor. In providing this material, Putnam is not providing impartial advice in a fiduciary capacity. The material is part of Putnam’s sales and marketing activities. Putnam earns fees when clients select its products and services. Investors should consult a professional advisor before making investment and financial decisions.
Not FDIC insured | May lose value | No bank guarantee
© 2011-2017, Putnam Retail Management











 



Mutual Funds - Putnam Investments


































Putnam Investments - Individual Investors


Login
About Putnam
Contact Us










 



Email
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn


Home
Mutual funds




Putnam Mutual Funds




Managed strategies for pursuing your goals

At Putnam, both traditional and alternative strategies are inspired by our independent approach to investment research. We look for value beyond mainstream benchmark indexes, pursue new drivers of return, and take a broader view of market risk with the goal of reducing volatility.

Explore our products to build a diversified portfolio.



Top 5 most viewed funds

Capital Spectrum Fund
Diversified Income Trust
Equity Spectrum Fund
Equity Income Fund
Dynamic Asset Allocation Balanced Fund










Fund Search:









|Filter



Clear all
Close



Absolute Return
Asset Allocation
Blend
Global Sector
Growth
Taxable Income
Tax-free Income
Value

Morningstar Ratings (5-year)









Above-Lipper Median



Annualized Returns (before sales charge)
between



%


and



%



Time period


10 yrs./Life
5 yrs.
3 yrs.
1 yr.




Portfolio Managers

All Portfolio Managers
Aaron M. Cooper, CFA 
Adrian H. Chan, CFA 
Albert Chan, CFA 
Andrew J. Yoon CFA
Anthony J. Daigle 
Brett S. Kozlowski, CFA 
Christopher J. Eitzmann 
D. William Kohli 
Daniel J. Graña, CFA 
Daniel Schiff 
Darren A. Jaroch, CFA 
David L. Diamond, CFA 
David L. Glancy 
Di Yao 
Elizabeth Hansen McGuire 
Emily E. Shanks 
Eric N. Harthun, CFA 
Garrett L. Hamilton, CFA 
Gerard P. Sullivan 
Isabel Buccellati 
Jacquelyne J. Cavanaugh 
James A. Fetch 
James A. Polk, CFA 
Jason R. Vaillancourt, CFA 
Jatin Misra PhD, CFA
Jeffrey B. Sacknowitz, CFA 
Joanne M. Driscoll, CFA 
Jonathan M. Topper 
Joshua H. Fillman 
Karan S. Sodhi, CFA 
Kathryn B. Lakin 
Michael J. Atkin 
Michael J. Lima, CFA 
Michael J. Maguire, CFA 
Michael V. Salm 
Neil P. Desai 
Norman P. Boucher 
Paul D. Scanlon, CFA 
Paul M. Drury, CFA 
Robert J. Kea, CFA 
Robert J. Schoen 
Robert L. Davis, CFA 
Robert L. Salvin 
Robert M. Brookby 
Ryan W. Kauppila 
Samuel Cox 
Shep Perkins, CFA 
Simon Davis 
Spencer Morgan, CFA 
Vivek Gandhi, CFA 
Walter D. Scully, CPA 
William C. Rives 
William J. Monroe, CFA 



Viewing:  




Share Class



A
B
C
M
R
R5
R6
T1
Y




Annualized Returns as of 06/30/17
Cumulative Returns as of 06/30/17
Volatility & Risk (A and Y shares only)
Profile
Morningstar Ratings
Lipper Rankings
Up-market Capture Ratio (A and Y shares only)
Down-market Capture Ratio (A and Y shares only)
Information Ratio (A and Y shares only)


Before sales charge
After sales charge




Please note: B Shares are closed to new investors



 
Fund 
Ticker 
Asset Class 
1 yr. 
3 yrs. 
5 yrs. 
10 yrs. / Life 
1 yr. 
3 yrs. 
5 yrs. 
10 yrs. / Life 
1 yr. 
3 yrs. 
5 yrs. 
10 yrs. / Life 
1 yr. 
3 yrs. 
5 yrs. 
10 yrs. / Life 
Beta 
R2 
Std. Dev. 
Sharpe Ratio 
Alpha 
Expense Ratio 
Total Assets ($m) 
Turnover Ratio 
Overall 
3 yrs. 
5 yrs. 
10 yrs. / Life 
1 yr. 
3 yrs. 
5 yrs. 
10 yrs. / Life 
1 yr. 
3 yrs. 
5 yrs. 
1 yr. 
3 yrs. 
5 yrs. 
1 yr. 
3 yrs. 
5 yrs. 








‡ As of May 8, 2017, Putnam High Yield Advantage Fund was renamed to Putnam High Yield Fund.

Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. Share price, principal value, and return will vary, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares. To obtain the most recent month-end performance, visit putnam.com. Performance assumes reinvestment of distributions and does not account for taxes. Returns before sales charge do not reflect the current maximum sales charges as indicated below. Had the sales charge been reflected, returns would be lower. Returns at public offering price (after sales charge) for class A and class M shares reflect the current maximum initial sales charges of 5.75% and 3.50% for equity funds and Putnam Absolute Return 500 Fund and 700 Fund, and 4.00% and 3.25% for income funds (1.00% and 0.75% for Putnam Floating Rate Income Fund and Putnam Absolute Return 100 Fund and 300 Fund), respectively. Class B share returns reflect the applicable contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC), which is 5% in the first year, declining to 1% in the sixth year, and is eliminated thereafter (except for Putnam Floating Rate Income Fund, which is 3% in the first year, declining to 1% in the fourth year, and is eliminated thereafter). Class C shares reflect a 1% CDSC the first year that is eliminated thereafter. Performance for class B, C, M, R, T, and Y shares prior to their inception is derived from the historical performance of class A shares, adjusted for the applicable sales charge (or CDSC) and, except for class Y shares, the higher operating expenses for such shares (with the exception of Putnam Tax-Free High Yield Fund and Putnam AMT-Free Municipal Fund, which are based on the historical performance of class B shares). Performance for class R5/R6 shares before their inception are derived from the historical performance of class Y shares, which have not been adjusted for the lower expenses; had they, returns would have been higher. Class A, M, and T shares of Putnam money market funds have no initial sales charge. For a portion of the periods, some funds had expense limitations or had been sold on a limited basis with limited assets and expenses, without which returns would be lower.


For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads, and redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) The Overall Morningstar Rating for a fund is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3–, 5–, and 10–year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. Data is historical. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.


Lipper rankings are based on total return without sales charge relative to all share classes of funds with similar objectives as determined by Lipper. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Rankings for other periods can be found on the Facts & Rankings tab.
















