


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Wealth Planning with Fidelity















Customer Service
Open an account
Refer a friend
Log in

800-343-2570




Wealth Planning
from Fidelity




A straightforward approach to planning for your future.
Wealth comes with opportunities. But it also comes with questions. Do you have access to investment advice you can understand? Are you taking the smartest approach to taxes? And	 how do you know what you’re really paying to manage it all?
Wealth planning from Fidelity gives you clear answers. It all starts with your dedicated financial consultant, who takes a personal approach to helping you build, grow, and preserve your wealth. For clients investing $250,000 or more, we’ll give you ongoing wealth planning guidance, service, and support, as well as regular portfolio reviews.
Work one on one with our financial professionals and specialists, in-person, online, or by phone.



Call today to make a wealth planning appointment.
800-343-2570





The benefits of wealth planning from Fidelity:

A personal relationship to help with ongoing guidance and planning support
Proactive strategies designed to reduce the impact of taxes on a portfolio
A wide suite of investing and cash management strategies for both growth and protection
Specialists in retirement, insurance, inheritance and estate planning guidance, and more
Planning strategies for education, healthcare, and aging
Simple, straightforward pricing, free tools and insights, and a range of fee-based solutions







Learn more about our wealth planning strategies and services.















Why Fidelity - Straightforward Pricing












































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























The Fidelity Advantage


Planning & Advice


Trading


Straightforward Pricing


Insights & Tools


Security & Protection







                
                
                The Fidelity Advantage

                
                
                Planning & Advice

                
                
                Trading

                
                
                Straightforward Pricing

                
                
                Insights & Tools

                    
                    
                
                Security & Protection


Go








Simple, straightforward pricing
Fees matter. Being transparent about pricing matters too. With some of the most competitive pricing in the industry, we can help your money work harder.








Know what you're paying






No annual account fees

Our accounts have no annual fee. And there's only a low minimum needed to invest.


Great value for trades

Get unlimited online U.S. equity trades for the low price of $4.95.1


No transaction fees

Choose from thousands of funds, both Fidelity and non-Fidelity.














Our low fees
Trading fees



Stocks & Options
ETFs
Bonds & CDs
Mutual Funds





$4.95 per stock or options trade


plus $0.65 per contract on options


$0 per trade for commission-free purchases of select Fidelity and iShares® ETFs


$4.95 per trade for all other ETFs


Save an average of $13 per bond2


$1 per bond for secondary bond trading and free for U.S. Treasuries traded online3


$0 for Fidelity funds and hundreds of other funds with no transaction fees4


$49.95 per purchase on all other funds, $0 on redemption




Get detailed pricing and see how we compare to others.












Portfolio Advisory fees





Invest with a Digital Advisor


Partner with a Fidelity Investment Professional



Fidelity Go®
A simple, easy way to invest online

Fidelity Portfolio Advisory Service®
Designed to help you invest for retirement and other large goals

Fidelity® Personalized Portfolios
Focused on tax-sensitive investment management5 for long-term growth

Separately Managed Accounts
Invests in specific strategies and segments of equity and fixed income markets






0.35% gross advisory fee6


$5,000 minimum investment


0.60% - 1.70% gross advisory fee6


$50,000 minimum investment


0.55% - 1.50% gross advisory fee6


$200,000 minimum investment


0.20% - 1.10% gross advisory fee6


$200,000–$500,000 minimum investment






Invest with a Digital Advisor


Fidelity GoSM

A simple, easy way to invest online


0.35% gross advisory fee; varies by strategy selected


$5,000 minimum investment

 

Partner with a Fidelity Investment Professional


Fidelity Portfolio Advisory Service®

Designed to help you invest for retirement and other large goals


0.60% to 1.7% annual advisory fee; varies by total assets invested


$50,000 minimum investment

 



Fidelity® Personalized Portfolios

Focused on tax-sensitive investment management3 for long-term growth


0.55% to 1.5% annual advisory fee; varies by total assets invested


$200,000 minimum investment

 



Separately Managed Accounts

Invests in specific strategies and segments of equity and fixed income markets


0.20% to 1.10% annual advisory fee; varies by total assets invested


$200,000–$500,000 minimum investment

 


Compare services and fees











Get started
Open an Account


Learn more about
Planning & Advice

The Fidelity advantage












We're here to help

Help is here 24/7. Call us, chat with an investment professional, or visit an Investor Center.

Check out our FAQs






Call anytime:

800-343-3548







Chat with a representative







Find an Investor Center









Find out what others are saying about us






Ratings and Reviews

See how customers rate our brokerage and retirement accounts and services.


Customer Stories

Read what customers have to say about their retirement experiences with us.


Awards and Recognition

See what independent third-party reviewers think of our products and services.


















Free commission offer applies to online purchases of Fidelity ETFs and select iShares ETFs in a Fidelity brokerage account. Fidelity accounts may require minimum balances. The sale of ETFs is subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). iShares ETFs and Fidelity ETFs are subject to a short-term trading fee by Fidelity if held less than 30 days.



          1. $4.95 commission applies to online U.S. equity trades in a Fidelity retail account only for Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC retail clients. Certain accounts may require a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Sell orders are subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). Other conditions may apply. See Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Employee equity compensation transactions and accounts managed by advisors or intermediaries through Fidelity Clearing and Custody Solutions are subject to different commission schedules.


          2. Fidelity commissioned Corporate Insight to study bond pricing, available online, for self-directed retail investors from five brokers that offer corporate and municipal bonds. The study compared online bond prices for over 20,000 municipal and corporate inventory matches between September 2nd and October 6th, 2015. It compared municipal and corporate inventories offered online. The study found on average that four competitors that bundled their markups or fees into their online bond prices were asking an average of $13.65 more per bond. Corporate Insight determined the average cost differential by calculating the difference between the costs of matching corporate and municipal bond inventory at Fidelity vs. these markup-based firms in the study, then averaging the differences across all of the competitor firms. For the table, the example competitor trade costs range of $240 - $510 is based on an average size order of $22,000 face or par value bonds and average cost differential between Fidelity and the four selected competitors displayed in the table. Year to date, through September 2015, Fidelity's retail brokerage account holders who purchased individual municipal or corporate bonds, purchased an average of 22 bonds per transaction.
	
    

          3.
	
	
	       
					
Minimum concessions of $19.95 apply if traded with a Fidelity representative. For U.S. Treasury purchases traded with a Fidelity representative, a flat charge of $19.95 per trade applies. A $250 maximum applies to all trades, reduced to a $50 maximum for bonds maturing in one year or less. Fixed income trading requires a Fidelity brokerage account with a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Rates are for U.S. dollar–denominated bonds; additional fees and minimums apply for non-dollar bond trades. Other conditions may apply; see Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Please note that concessions may affect the total cost of the transaction and the total, or "effective," yield of your investment. The offering broker, which may be our affiliate National Financial Services LLC, may separately mark up or mark down the price of the security and may realize a trading profit or loss on the transaction.



          4.
	
	
	       
        Other fees and expenses applicable to continued investment are described in the fund’s current prospectus.


          5. Fidelity® Tax-Managed U.S. Equity Index Strategy and Fidelity® Personalized Portfolios apply tax-sensitive investment management techniques (including tax-loss harvesting) on a limited basis, at their discretion, primarily with respect to determining when assets in a client's account should be bought or sold. For taxable accounts, Fidelity® Equity-Income Strategy may apply tax-sensitive investment management techniques on a limited basis at Strategic Advisers' discretion, primarily with respect to determining when assets in a client's account should be bought or sold. As a discretionary investment management service, any assets contributed to an investor's account that Fidelity® Tax-Managed U.S. Equity Index Strategy, Fidelity® Personalized Portfolios, and/or Fidelity® Equity Income Strategy do not elect to retain may be sold at any time after contribution. An investor may have a gain or loss when assets are sold.
	
    

          6. The advisory fee does not cover charges resulting from trades effected with or through broker-dealers other than affiliates of Strategic Advisers, mark-ups or mark-downs by broker-dealers, transfer taxes, exchange fees, regulatory fees, odd-lot differentials, handling charges, electronic fund and wire transfer fees, or any other charges imposed by law or otherwise applicable to your account. You will also incur underlying expenses associated with the investment vehicles selected.
	
    

Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all investors. Certain complex options strategies carry additional risk. Before trading options, please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options. Supporting documentation for any claims, if applicable, will be furnished upon request.


There is an Options Regulatory Fee from $0.04 to $0.06 per contract, which applies to both option buy and sell transactions. The fee is subject to change.



ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.



For iShares ETFs, Fidelity receives compensation from the ETF sponsor and/or its affiliates in connection with an exclusive long-term marketing program that includes promotion of iShares ETFs and inclusion of iShares funds in certain FBS platforms and investment programs. Additional information about the sources, amounts, and terms of compensation can be found in the ETF’s prospectus and related documents. Fidelity may add or waive commissions on ETFs without prior notice. BlackRock and iShares are registered trademarks of BlackRock Inc., and its affiliates.


In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Any fixed income security sold or redeemed prior to maturity may be subject to loss.


          Fidelity Portfolio Advisory Service®, Fidelity® Strategic Disciplines, and BlackRock® Diversified Income Portfolio are services provided by Strategic Advisers, Inc., a registered investment adviser and a Fidelity Investments company. Fidelity® Strategic Disciplines includes the Breckinridge Intermediate Municipal Separately Managed Account, the Fidelity® Equity-Income Strategy, and the Fidelity® Tax-Managed U.S. Equity Index Strategy. Fidelity GoSM is a service provided by Strategic Advisers, Inc., and by Geode Capital Management LLC, an unaffiliated registered investment adviser. Fidelity® Personalized Portfolios may be offered through Strategic Advisers, Inc., or Fidelity Personal Trust Company, FSB (FPTC), a federal savings bank. Nondeposit investment products and trust services offered through FPTC and its affiliates are not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency, are not obligations of any bank, and are subject to risk, including possible loss of principal. These advisory services are provided for a fee.


          Brokerage services are provided by Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC. Custody and other services are provided by National Financial Services LLC. Both are Fidelity Investments companies and members of NYSE and SIPC.
	
    


Before investing in any mutual fund or exchange-traded fund, you should consider its investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus, offering circular or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.




767144.8.1











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Wealth Management And Growth - Fidelity











































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 












Managing & Growing Wealth
You've worked hard to get where you are. Let's make sure your money keeps working hard for you.




The Fidelity Perspective





Diversifying your investments: Help minimize your investment risks with a diverse mix of assets in your portfolio. Also take the opportunity to fine-tune your savings goals and investment approaches annually—and after every major life event.
Examining your tax strategy: Be aware of how taxes will affect your money, and minimize the impact where possible.
Protecting your legacy: Consider life insurance and estate planning strategies to help protect your wealth and maximize your legacy.





Track your long-term goals

Explore our Planning & Guidance Center today. You can create a holistic financial plan or investment strategy and monitor your progress.









 

Diversifying your investments


Five things to review annually

Plan for your family's future as you review your savings and investment strategies.

Choosing the right investments for your IRA
Opening an IRA can be an important step in implementing a retirement savings plan and can help you meet your goals of investing for growth, income, or both.



See smart ways to diversify (1:40)








Wealth planning

Our personal approach can help simplify the complexities of investing your assets, addressing the potential impact of taxes, and preserving your wealth.


See how Fidelity can partner with you






 

Examining your tax strategy


Tax-efficient investing

Ready to keep more of what you earn? Create a plan to minimize the tax bite on investments.

Charitable giving

Maximize your impact with smarter charitable giving. Fidelity Charitable® can help you give more and potentially reduce your taxes.



See how to invest efficiently (2:32)











 

Protecting your legacy


Estate planning
Understand how wills and trusts work, and learn strategies to protect what you care about.


Life insurance
Protect yourself and your loved ones with guidance and solutions from Fidelity.











Fidelity resources to grow your wealth


Save for retirement with a Fidelity IRA
Maxed out your 401(k)? A Fidelity Roth or Traditional IRA is another tax-advantaged way to save.


Portfolio Advisory Services
Hand off the challenge of investing to a team of investment professionals focused on helping you reach your goals.











Ready to get started?


Open an Account





Questions?

800-343-3548








Chat with a representative









Find an Investor Center




















Investing involves risk, including risk of loss.


Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.


Fidelity's Portfolio Advisory Services are services of Strategic Advisers, Inc., a registered investment adviser and a Fidelity Investments company. These services provide discretionary money management for a fee.


Brokerage services are provided by Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC. Custody and other services are provided by National Financial Services LLC. Both are Fidelity Investments companies and members of NYSE and SIPC.


          Questions are designed to help give you insights and items to consider when planning for your future. They are intended for educational purposes only.
	
    

Fidelity does not provide legal or tax advice. The information herein is general in nature and should not be considered legal or tax advice. Consult an attorney or tax professional regarding your specific situation.



790685.1.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 









Master Data Management (MDM) Advisory & Implementation




















































Contact us






 
(888) 534-9650






About Us

Mission & History
Partners
Leadership Team
Careers
News & Events
Newsletter Sign Up


Blog
Our Clients






  
 
 



Services
Solutions
MENU
MDM Advisory
MDM Implementation
MDM Performance
Contact Us
  
 






 

 
 

Thank You.To our employees and customers. Ideosity recognized by Inc. 5000 in “Fastest Growing Private Companies” 3 years straight.Learn More About IdeosityCross the finish line with ease.With Ideosity's end-to-end services.Start Your Journey With AdvisoryOngoing expert support to help youget more out of your PIM and MDM systemLearn more about IdeoCARE  
 



IdeosityData Mastered





End-to-end Master Data Management Solutions
 
Our services combined with MDM and PIM technologies
eliminates obstacles, mitigates risk and creates business improvements
throughout your entire data mastering journey.





MDM Advisory
Strategy and planning lay the groundwork for a successful PIM or MDM implementation.



MDM Implementation
PIM and MDM specific methodology for maximum value and minimum risk.



MDM Performance
Make the most of your PIM and MDM system with performance technology and support.




A Leader In MDM/PIM Consulting



60+ MDM/PIM projects across small, medium and large enterprises.
Broadest experience across a variety of leading platforms and technologies.
Robust services to support the entire journey from concept to realization and ongoing.


 

Our Approach


Eliminating Risk by relying on our ADVISORY services.
Our IMPLEMENTATION approach aims at deriving faster ROI and greater value from your MDM platform.
Benefit from Ideosity’s unique PERFORMANCE services, technology and ongoing expert support.



 


 





Navigation

Advisory
Implementation
Performance
Careers
Our Clients
Blog
About Us


 
Contact Us
Ideosity, Inc. 
205 W. Main Street 
West Dundee, IL 60118
Ideosity Canada, Ltd. 
1 Yonge Street, 
Suite 1801 
Toronto, ON M5E 1W7
p: (888) 534-9650
f: (312) 256-9156

 About Ideosity
Partner with Ideosity for your digital transformation for Advisory, Implementation, and Performance services. Our approach combined with PIM (Prod­uct Information Management)
and MDM (Master Data Management) technologies eliminates obstacles, mitigates risk and creates business improvements throughout your entire da­ta-mastering journey.
 







  
 

© 2017 Ideosity, All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 



















Mission Wealth Management, LLC Reveals Hidden Trading Costs to Clients 
































PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




Mission Wealth Management, LLC Reveals Hidden Trading Costs to Clients



Share Article


















Local Santa Barbara Wealth Management Agency Firm (http://www.missionwealth.com/) Discusses Hidden Trading Costs for Bonds







Mission Wealth Management, LLC Logo

Fees are a part of investing and they should be transparent so the client can make informed decisions. -Seth Street, President & Co-founder of Mission Wealth Management, LLC


Santa Barbara, CA (PRWEB)
July 18, 2012
 Mission Wealth Management, LLC shows hidden fees in bond yields and reveals what some brokers may not be telling investors.  
Client advisors, financial planners, and risk managers at Mission Wealth Management, LLC routinely meet clients who have bonds held with brokerage firms where they believe they are getting a “deal” at a certain visible cost per trade. What brokers oftentimes omit are the spreads being built into the purchase or sale of the bond. 
Especially at large and traditional wirehouse firms, the firm and their brokers get a portion of the commission. Brokers are not required to disclose the commission or the markup they charge their clients. These undisclosed commissions may equate to tens of thousands of dollars over a span of years in client accounts with a high amount of bond activity. 
Oftentimes, brokers and firms mark up the cost of a bond by two or three dollars per bond when the actual cost to transact a bond can be as low as five to ten cents. What may seem like a small commission rate at two to three dollars per bond, can quickly add up when buying hundreds of thousands of dollars in bonds. This markup can quickly add up to hidden commissions to the broker and the firm at a cost to the investor.
“Of the hundreds of clients that come through the Mission Wealth doors, few, if any, knew they were being charged these commissions,” said Seth Streeter, President and Co-Founder of Mission Wealth Management, LLC. “Fees are a part of investing and they should be transparent so the client can make informed decisions.”
Bond transactions are required by law to be posted for public viewing. Professionals can easily sift through the data but for investors,  figuring out the undisclosed commissions through settlement tracking websites is not necessarily easy. This may be the reason why this practice is so prevalent.
About Mission Wealth Management, LLC
Mission Wealth Management, LLC was founded on a vision to empower affluent families to pursue their financial dreams. When built, they saw a demand for something different from what other financial services firms were providing. To meet this demand, Mission Wealth Management, LLC was founded on the principles of objective advice, proactive financial planning, and coordination with other professional advisors, including accountants, attorneys, and bankers. Mission Wealth Management, LLC does not sell any internal products; therefore, the recommendations they make are solely in the client’s best interests. Their client-centric planning process acknowledges clients and their needs to keep them on track and provide peace of mind. Mission Wealth Management, LLC’s team coordinates with professional advisors to ensure effective integration of all financial decisions. Today Mission Wealth Management, LLC helps hundreds of families achieve their financial dreams by managing their wealth. For more information on Mission Wealth Management, LLC please visit http://www.missionwealth.com. 
Securities offered through National Planning Corporation (NPC) member FINRA, SIPC.  Advisory services offered through Mission Wealth Management, LLC (MWM), a Registered Investment Advisor.  NPC and MWM are separate and unrelated entities.  
#   #   #



Share article on socal media or email:










View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Ally Sperber
Marketing Maven Public Relations, Inc. (310) 341-7353
				Email >
			
Follow us on


									Visit website
								




News Center




Mission Wealth Management, LLC                                                                                           - Santa Barbara                                     , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Santa Barbara



Insurance Agents, Brokers, and Service



Insurance Agents, Brokers, And Service



                            Mission Wealth Management, LLC
                                    



 





















M 


Mission Wealth Management, LLC                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1111 CHAPALA ST STE 300 SANTA BARBARA, CA 93101
Get Directions



(805) 882-2360
www.missionwealthmanagement.com                                                                         





Business Info



 Founded 2000
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $1,100,000.00
 Employee Count 11
 Industries Insurance Agents, Brokers, And Service
 Contacts Seth Streter                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2000, Mission Wealth Management, Llc                                                                                           has been providing Insurance Agents, Brokers, And Service from Santa Barbara. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















	MISSION WEALTH Trademark of Mission Wealth Management, LLC. Serial Number: 85867359 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
MISSION WEALTH










 
Get FREE email alerts













MISSION WEALTH  Trademark Information
 Mission Wealth Management, LLC
Financial planning services, financial advisory and consultancy services, financial portfolio management, investment consultation and management services, estate planning services, insurance services, namely, agencies in the field of long term care insurance, life insurance, and disability insurance




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   planning   services      financial   advisory   consultancy   services      financial   portfolio   management      investment   consultation   management   services      estate   planning   services      insurance   services          
                                    




This is a brand page for the MISSION WEALTH trademark by Mission Wealth Management, LLC 
                                in Santa Barbara, CA, 93101.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this MISSION WEALTH trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Mission Wealth Management, LLC of the MISSION WEALTH trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the MISSION WEALTH trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, March 5, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        MISSION WEALTH by 
                        Mission Wealth Management, LLC, Santa Barbara, CA  93101.
                        The USPTO has given the MISSION WEALTH 
                        trademark serial  number of  85867359.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for MISSION WEALTH is 
                        
                        
                                            CHRISTINA S. LOZA of 
                                            BUYNAK, FAUVER, ARCHBALD & SPRAY, LLP,  820 STATE ST FL 4, SANTA BARBARA, CA 93101-3272 
                                .
                            The MISSION WEALTH trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for MISSION WEALTH 
                            is Financial planning services, financial advisory and consultancy services, financial portfolio management, investment consultation and management services, estate planning services, insurance services, namely, agencies in the field of long term care insurance, life insurance, and disability insurance. 
                            





Word mark:
 MISSION WEALTH


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

12/10/2013



  Serial Number:  
85867359


  Filing Date:  
3/5/2013


 Registration Number:  
4446784 


 Registration Date:  
12/10/2013


 Goods and Services: 
Financial planning services, financial advisory and consultancy services, financial portfolio management, investment consultation and management services, estate planning services, insurance services, namely, agencies in the field of long term care insurance, life insurance, and disability insurance


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
9/24/2013


Last Applicant/Owner:

Mission Wealth Management, LLCSanta Barbara, CA  93101
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("WEALTH")


 Correspondent:


CHRISTINA S. LOZA
BUYNAK, FAUVER, ARCHBALD & SPRAY, LLP
820 STATE ST FL 4
SANTA BARBARA, CA 93101-3272






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
2/1/2000


First Use In Commerce: 
2/1/2000





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your MISSION WEALTH trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

12/10/2013
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



CHRISTINA S. LOZA


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of MISSION WEALTH trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search missionwealth on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for MISSION WEALTH 




MISSION WEALTH is providing Financial planning services, financial advisory and consultancy services, financial portfolio management, investment consultation and management services, estate planning services, insurance services, namely, agencies in the field of long term care insurance, life insurance, and disability insurance.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 















































Mission Wealth Management llc - Downtown - Financial Advisory Services







 




























 




Santa Barbara, CA



Financial Advisory Services



 
 










Sign in




















Financial Advisory Services

MISSION WEALTH MANAGEMENT LLC 





1123 Chapala St Ste 202

Downtown -

                    Santa Barbara,
                    CA
93101

                    -
                    Santa Barbara County














                    (805) 882-2360

                  








Select




Send

Print





























Details



About:
MISSION WEALTH MANAGEMENT LLC in Downtown Santa Barbara, CA - Santa Barbara County is a business with  Accountants on staff and specialized in  Estate Planning. MISSION WEALTH MANAGEMENT LLC is listed in the categories Financial Advisory Services, Investment Services & Advisors, Financial Planning Consultants, Financial Planning & Services, Investment Advice, Financial Planning, Financial Planning Consultants & Services and Investment Advisory Service and offers Real Estate, Tax Planning, Wealth Management, Inheritance Planning, Wealth Planning, Wealth Preservation etc. If you did business with MISSION WEALTH MANAGEMENT LLC, please leave a review and help us improve and help other people. Also, don't forget to mention Hubbiz.
          
        


Categories:

            Financial Advisory Services, 
            Investment Services & Advisors, 
            Financial Planning Consultants, 
            Financial Planning & Services, 
            Investment Advice, 
            Financial Planning, 
            Financial Planning Consultants & Services, 
            Investment Advisory Service
    



Specialties:Estate Planning

Products:Real Estate

Services:Tax Planning, Wealth Management, Inheritance Planning, Wealth Planning, Wealth Preservation, Loans, Accounting, Charitable Giving, Business Services, Employee Benefit Plans, Family Wealth Planning, Cash Management, Checking, Educational Planning, Divorce Planning, NYSE, Commercial Services, Cash Flow Management, Money Management, New York Stock Exchange

Professionals on Staff:Accountants


Website:

facebook.com/pages/mission-wealth-management-llc/153276048105414



Share




Tweet










Additional Phones:


              (805) 882-2362 (Fax)
            


























Useful content








Discover Valuable Information
            We organize and make available for you to find over 30 million pieces of content shared by over 10 million local businesses and professionals.
            
            Find advice, how-tos, news, deals, videos and much more.
          




 Find More Content











Generating recommendations...







    Reviews for MISSION WEALTH MANAGEMENT LLC
  


 Leave a 





 









Write a compliment here...






signin
250 250
Send









0 Be the first to write a review
      






 



Explore more like MISSION WEALTH MANAGEMENT LLC


Santa Barbara, CA



Financial Advisory Services





Santa Barbara, CA



Investment Services & Advisors





Santa Barbara, CA



Financial Planning Consultants














Financial Advisory Services






MISSION WEALTH MANAGEMENT LLC

Financial Advisory Services

1123 Chapala St Ste 202
Santa Barbara, CA









Northwestern Mutual

Insurance Carriers

1114 State St Ste 247
Santa Barbara, CA









Ameriprise Financial

Financial Planning Consultants

1625 State St Ste 3
Santa Barbara, CA









Northwestern Mutual

Insurance Carriers

211 e Carrillo St
Santa Barbara, CA









Edward Jones - Financial Advisor: Samantha f Anderson

Investment Management Services

3010 DE LA Vina St
Santa Barbara, CA









Edward Jones - Financial Advisor: Sarai Anderson

Investment Management Services

2020 Alameda Padre Serra Ste 200
Santa Barbara, CA








Free QR Code



Download
— or embed —

Copy code





Business Owner?
Claim this Business
— or —
Add your Business


For your website


      Add the followers counter:





Copy
Customize
























Copyright © 2011-2017 Hubbiz®
      | Contact
      | Terms of Use
      | Privacy Policy
      | Request API Access
      | Facebook
      | Twitter
        | Some data from Acxiom
    

















 I own or represent this business

 Address is a residence
 Incorrect information
 Business doesn't exist
 I have more information about this business
 Phone is a personal number
 I want to contact Hubbiz









































Santa Barbara Business Directory. Restaurants, Contractors, Shopping and Savings, Local Services







 




























Santa Barbara, CA






Business Directory






 
 

0 selected
0 recently viewed



Sign up
Sign in
Add Business









Find




Businesses


Deals


Content


Videos









Businesses


Deals



Content



Videos





Near





 
 Search










Home
Food & Fun
Shopping & Savings
Local Services
Health
Travel
B2B










Explore:

Neighborhoods


Downtown
Eastside
Las Positas
Mesa
Riviera
Upper State
Waterfront
Westside




Latest Deals
Restaurants with Online Menu
Restaurants with Online Order
Businesses Recently Added




                Airport Transportation Services
              



                Attorneys
              



                Auto
              



                      Auto Repair
                    



                      Car Dealers
                    



                      Car Washes
                    





                Automotive
              



                      Auto Maintenance & Repair Services
                    



                      Car Rental & Leasing
                    



                      Car Washing & Detailing
                    





                Bars
              



                Beauty
              



                      Barbers
                    



                      Beauty salons
                    



                      Nails salons
                    



                      Tanning
                    





                Beauty & Spa
              



                      Nail Salons
                    



                      Tanning Salons
                    





                Business & Trade Organizations
              



                Child Care & Day Care Services
              



                Chiropractor
              



                Clothing & Appareal
              



                      Department Store
                    



                      Jewelry
                    





                Computer Repair
              



                Computer Stores
              



                Contractors
              



                      Electrical Contractors
                    



                      Painting Contractors
                    



                      Plumbing Contractors
                    





                Dentists
              



                Events
              



                      Caterers
                    



                      Party Supplies
                    



                      Venues & Event Spaces
                    





                Events & Parties
              



                      Caterers Food Services
                    



                      Halls, Auditoriums & Ballrooms Rental
                    





                Food
              



                      Bagels
                    



                      Bakeries
                    



                      Barbeque
                    



                      Beer, wine & spirits
                    



                      Delicatessen
                    



                      Delis
                    



                      Italian
                    



                      Juice-bars
                    



                      Pizza
                    



                      Restaurant, dinner & burgers
                    



                      Sandwiches
                    



                      Steakhouses
                    



                      Take Out & Delivery
                    





                Fun
              



                      Amusements Parks
                    



                      Bars & Pubs
                    



                      Cinema
                    



                      Comedy Clubs
                    



                      Fitness & Recreation
                    



                      Night Clubs
                    



                      Skating Rinks
                    





                Fun Activities
              



                      Amusement Parks
                    



                      Movie Theaters
                    





                Games & Hobbies
              



                Gym & Health Clubs
              



                Health
              



                      Dentist
                    



                      Optometrist
                    





                Hospitals
              



                Liquor & Alcohol Stores
              



                Optometrists
              



                Other
              



                      Books, Magazines, & Newspapers Stores
                    



                      Office Equipment Supplies & Furniture
                    



                      Used Merchandise
                    





                Restaurants by Cousine
              



                      Barbecue
                    



                      Chinese
                    



                      Italina
                    



                      Mexican
                    



                      Steak House
                    





                Restaurants by Type
              



                      Delivery
                    



                      Diner
                    



                      Pizza Restaurant
                    



                      Sandwich Shop
                    





                Services
              



                      Carpet Cleaning
                    



                      Carpet Rug & Upholstery Cleaners
                    



                      Child Care & Day Care
                    



                      Computer Repair & IT
                    



                      Contractors
                    



                      Dry Cleaning & Laundry
                    



                      Electricians
                    



                      House Cleaning
                    



                      Keys & Locksmiths
                    



                      Landscaping
                    



                      Locksmiths
                    



                      Painters
                    



                      Pest Control
                    



                      Pest Control Services
                    



                      Plumbing
                    



                      Self Storage
                    





                Shopping
              



                      Bookstores
                    



                      Computers
                    



                      Department Stores
                    



                      Electronics
                    



                      Florists
                    



                      Jewelry & Watches
                    



                      Office Supplies
                    



                      Sporting Goods
                    



                      Thrift Stores
                    



                      Toy, Games & Hobbies
                    





                Travel
              



                      Car Rental
                    



                      Services
                    



                      Travel Agencies
                    






Top Deals






Business in Santa Barbara, CA
        
 Follow










 County of Santa Barbara 

posted

  1 day ago






            
            Ozone pollution connected to cardiovascular health: Increased platelets, elevated blood pressure...
          






Exposure to ozone, a risk for impaired lung function, is also connected to health changes that can cause cardiovascular disease such as heart attack, high blood pressure and stroke, according to a new study of Chinese adults. A new study followed 89 healthy adults living in Changsha City for one year. They showed blood platelet activation and an...







          County of Santa Barbara
            Santa Barbara, CA









 Send
        



















 Macy's Department Store 

posted

  4 days ago






            
            Shop for and Buy 4505338, 2631402, 4785798, 4688502, 4456996 Online
          






Shop for and buy 4505338, 2631402, 4785798, 4688502, 4456996 online at Macy's. Find 4505338, 2631402, 4785798, 4688502, 4456996 at Macy's







          Macy's Department Store
            Downtown - Santa Barbara









 Send
        



















 Sears Appliance Repair 

posted

  4 days ago






            
            Door Replacement & Installation
          






Let the replacement door experts from Sears Home Services help with your next entry door or storm door replacement. Choose from styles that fit any home design.







          Sears Appliance Repair
            Upper State - Santa Barbara









 Send
        



















 Inspire 

posted

  4 days ago






            
            The Patient Advocate's Chronicle Newsletter
          






The Patient Advocate's Chronicle Newsletter Email Forms







          Inspire
            Downtown - Santa Barbara









 Send
        



















 Pacific Painting 

posted

  4 days ago






            
            Food & Wine: Earthly Origins
          






Finding and cooking morels







          Pacific Painting
            Riviera - Santa Barbara









 Send
        



















 Californians for Population Stabilization 

posted

  4 days ago






            
            High Population Density Pollutes Beaches (Sometimes)
          






Around the world, one of the typical consequences of high human population density in coastal zones is polluted beaches, or to be more precise, polluted water at those beaches.







          Californians for Population Stabilization
            Downtown - Santa Barbara









 Send
        



















 Gamestop Video Games 

posted

  4 days ago






            
            Summer Convention Exclusives
          






GameStop has a huge selection of new and used games at fantastic prices. Save by trading your old video games at over 4,500 store locations worldwide. Shop online at GameStop.com for popular PS 3, PlayStation 3, playstation3, PS3, PS 2, PS2, PlayStation 2, playstation2, PSP, Nintendo Wii, Wii, Nintendo DS, DS, X Box, Xbox360, Xbox 360, Game Cube...







          Gamestop Video Games
            Downtown - Santa Barbara









 Send
        



















 DirectoryBug 

posted

  4 days ago






            
            Los Angeles Dodgers organist plays 'Numb' in touching tribute to Chester Bennington
          






The tributes keep rolling in.







          DirectoryBug
            Cincinnati, OH









 Send
        



















 Active Physical Therapy 

posted

  5 days ago






            
            IBM Study Sheds New Light on Loneliness in the Aging Population
          






NEW YORK, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Despite the societal impact of a rapidly growing aging population struggling...







          Active Physical Therapy
            Las Positas - Santa Barbara









 Send
        



















 Lobero Theatre 

posted

  5 days ago






            
            Lobero Theatre Foundation
          






Monday, December 18...







          Lobero Theatre
            Downtown - Santa Barbara









 Send
        



















 DirectoryBug 

posted

  5 days ago






            
            shaped batteries could be coming from another major rival
          






The iPhone 9's supply chain is shaping up.







          DirectoryBug
            Cincinnati, OH









 Send
        



















 Westmont College 

posted

  5 days ago






            
            July Features Flash of Saturn’s Rings
          






The Westmont Observatory, home of the powerful Keck Telescope...







          Westmont College
            Santa Barbara, CA









 Send
        



















 DirectoryBug 

posted

  5 days ago






            
            New 'Crash Bandicoot' bonus round looks like hell
          






The long-lost Storm Ascent level is here to test your sanity.







          DirectoryBug
            Cincinnati, OH









 Send
        



















 Peoples Self Help Housing 

posted

  5 days ago






            
            Help Housing : Jobs : Openings
          






Phone (805) 781-3088
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our website you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and website use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our website....







          Peoples Self Help Housing
            Downtown - Santa Barbara









 Send
        


















        Show more
        











 
 


Albuquerque (NM)
Arlington (TX)
Atlanta (GA)
Austin (TX)
Baltimore (MD)
Boston (MA)
Charlotte (NC)
Chicago (IL)
Cleveland (OH)


Colorado Springs (CO)
Columbus (OH)
Dallas (TX)
Denver (CO)
Detroit (MI)
El Paso (TX)
Forth Worth (TX)
Fresno (CA)
Honolulu (HI)


Houston (TX)
Indianapolis (IN)
Jacksonville (FL)
Kansas City (KS)
Las Vegas (NV)
Long Beach (CA)
Los Angeles (CA)
Louisville (KY)
Memphis (TN)


Mesa (AZ)
Miami (FL)
Milwaukee (WI)
Minneapolis (MN)
Nashville (TN)
New Orleans (LA)
New York (NY)
Oakland (CA)
Oklahoma City, OK)


Omaha (NE)
Philadelphia (PA)
Phoenix (AZ)
Portland (OR)
Raleigh (NC)
Sacramento (CA)
San Antonio (TX)
San Diego (CA)
San Francisco (CA)


San Jose, (CA)
Seattle (WA)
Tucson (AZ)
Tulsa (OK)
Virginia Beach (VA)
Washington (DC)




 


Alabama (AL)
Alaska (AK)
Arizona (AZ)
Arkansas (AR)
California (CA)
Colorado (CO)
Connecticut (CT)
Delaware (DE)
Florida (FL)


Georgia (GA)
Hawaii (HI)
Idaho (ID)
Illinois (IL)
Indiana (IN)
Iowa (IA)
Kansas (KS)
Kentucky (KY)
Louisiana (LA)


Maine (ME)
Maryland (MD)
Massachusetts (MA)
Michigan (MI)
Minnesota (MN)
Mississippi (MS)
Missouri (MO)
Montana (MT)
Nebraska (NE)


Nevada (NV)
New Hampshire (NH)
New Jersey (NJ)
New Mexico (NM)
New York (NY)
North Carolina (NC)
North Dakota (ND)
Ohio (OH)
Oklahoma (OK)


Oregon (OR)
Pennsylvania (PA)
Rhode Island (RI)
South Carolina (SC)
South Dakota (SD)
Tennessee (TN)
Texas (TX)
Utah (UT)
Vermont (VT)


Virginia (VA)
Washington (WA)
West Virginia (WV)
Wisconsin (WI)
Wyoming (WY)





Business listings in Santa Barbara  

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z

Newly Added












Copyright © 2011-2017 Hubbiz®
      | Contact
      | Terms of Use
      | Privacy Policy
      | Request API Access
      | Facebook
      | Twitter













 I want to contact Hubbiz




















Mission Wealth Management, LLC | Wealthminder











































Mission Wealth Management, LLC


Mission Wealth Management, LLC
(CRD# 113057) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Santa Barbara, CA.
They
manage $1,231,644,835 in 3,502 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 7 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Mission Wealth Management, LLC




1111 Chapala Street, 3rd Floor,
Santa Barbara,
CA
93101
805-882-2360
http://www.missionwealth.com




http://www.missionwealth.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

1,232
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

3,502
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$351,698







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Hourly charges
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Pension consulting services
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)
Other








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA, CO, FL, HI, NY, OR, WA






Financial Advisors at Mission Wealth Management, LLC




Showing 1 - 10 of 20 top financial advisors.





1















Steve S. Caltagirone



CRD#:
3227269



One Sansome Street, Suite 3500,
San Francisco,
CA
94104




96

Wealthminder
score








Steve Caltagirone (CRD# 3227269) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Mission Wealth Management, LLC in San Francisco, CA and has 
over 17 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Steve Caltagirone has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






2















Patricia A. Fahnoe



CRD#:
2636618



1111 Chapala Street, 3rd Floor,
Santa Barbara,
CA
93101




96

Wealthminder
score








Patricia Fahnoe (CRD# 2636618) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Mission Wealth Management, LLC in Santa Barbara, CA and has 
over 22 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Patricia Fahnoe has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






3















Geoffrey S. Gaggs



CRD#:
2725114



1111 Chapala Street, 3rd Floor,
Santa Barbara,
CA
93101




96

Wealthminder
score








Geoffrey Gaggs (CRD# 2725114) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Mission Wealth Management, LLC in Santa Barbara, CA and has 
over 21 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Geoffrey Gaggs has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






4















Todd L. Mons



CRD#:
2973743



1600 Broadway, Suite 1600,
Denver,
CO
80202




96

Wealthminder
score








Todd Mons (CRD# 2973743) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Mission Wealth Management, LLC in Denver, CO and has 
over 17 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Todd Mons has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






5















Kieran D. Osborne



CRD#:
5667529



1111 Chapala Street, 3rd Floor,
Santa Barbara,
CA
93101




96

Wealthminder
score








Kieran Osborne (CRD# 5667529) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Mission Wealth Management, LLC in Santa Barbara, CA and has 
over 8 years
of experience in the finance industry.






6















Jenna L. Rogers



CRD#:
5395184



1111 Chapala Street, 3rd Floor,
Santa Barbara,
CA
93101




96

Wealthminder
score








Jenna Rogers (CRD# 5395184) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Mission Wealth Management, LLC in Santa Barbara, CA and has 
over 6 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Jenna Rogers has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






7















Gregory J. Smith



CRD#:
2438534



1111 Chapala Street, 3rd Floor,
Santa Barbara,
CA
93101




96

Wealthminder
score








Gregory Smith (CRD# 2438534) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Mission Wealth Management, LLC in Santa Barbara, CA and has 
over 23 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Gregory Smith has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






8















Seth M. Streeter



CRD#:
2281532



1111 Chapala Street, 3rd Floor,
Santa Barbara,
CA
93101




96

Wealthminder
score








Seth Streeter (CRD# 2281532) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Mission Wealth Management, LLC in Santa Barbara, CA and has 
over 24 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Seth Streeter has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






9















Matthew W. Adams



CRD#:
4570280



1111 Chapala Street, 3rd Floor,
Santa Barbara,
CA
93101




93

Wealthminder
score








Matthew Adams (CRD# 4570280) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Mission Wealth Management, LLC in Santa Barbara, CA and has 
over 16 years
of experience in the finance industry.






10















Elizabeth H. Boscacci



CRD#:
4780760



1111 Chapala Street, 3rd Floor,
Santa Barbara,
CA
93101




93

Wealthminder
score








Elizabeth Boscacci (CRD# 4780760) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Mission Wealth Management, LLC in Santa Barbara, CA and has 
over 14 years
of experience in the finance industry.







1
2
... Next






Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now



















Investment Services and Management Mission Statements – Mission Statements




 


















































































About Us
Contact Us
 









 
 





Search for:



 About Us
Contact Us
 


 
 





  
 



 
 
 







 











Search for:



 

 




Writing and Branding Services
Leadership Quote of the Day
MissionStatements Blog
Contact Us
 



 
 



			    Investment Services and Management Mission Statements			    Home » Company Mission Statements » Finance/Investment Mission Statements » Investment Services and Management Mission Statements 


 






	For your investment bank or management firm, articulating your mission statement is the first step in
differentiating your company's investment philosophy from your competitors'. Your marketing collateral is
not complete without a mission statement that provides the thinking behind the process your asset managers
and investing managers use to take advantage of compelling investing storylines.
 


Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Goldman, Sachs & Co. 200 West Street New York, NY 10282 United States


Description
Founded in 1869, Goldman Sachs has offices in 34 countries worldwide. It offers multiple financial services, including investment banking, securities and investment management.


Mission Statement

Goldman Sachs commits people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










Morgan Stanley
Morgan Stanley 1585 Broadway New York, NY 10036


Description
Morgan Stanley serves as a financial advisor for investors, companies and governments. It was established in 1935 and operates locations in 31 countries worldwide.


Mission Statement

Morgan Stanley's mission is to provide our clients with the finest financial thinking, products and execution. This means setting the highest standards for behaviors that embody our business principles.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










Nomura Holdings Inc.
1-9-1 Nihonbashi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-8645, Japan


Description
Nomura Holdings, member of the Nomura Group, was founded in 1925 as a bond house. It offers financial services worldwide.


Mission Statement

We are committed to enriching society by delivering superior investment services. We are not afraid to continually challenge conventional wisdom and actively encourage change in order to pursue growth. We are committed to putting our clients at the heart of our business, developing and maintaining long-standing relationships based on trust. We are one firm, committed to delivering the full range of our capabilities, knowledge and resources to meet the needs of our clients. We respect diversity and value differences of opinion.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










Charles Schwab Corp.
215 Fremont Street San Francisco, CA


Description
Charles Schwab Corp., established in 1971, offers securities, brokerage, banking, money management and financial advisory services through its subsidiaries. It has over 300 branches.


Mission Statement

To empower individual investors to take control of their financial lives, free from the high costs and conflicts of traditional brokerage firms.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










Ameriprise Financial Inc.
1099 Ameriprise Financial Center Minneapolis, MN 55474, United States


Description
Founded in 1894, Ameriprise offers wealth advice and management, annuities and protection and asset management. It is globally active, with offices in the US, Europe and Asia-Pacific.


Mission Statement

To help people feel confident about their financial future.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










Intercontinental Exchange Inc.
5660 New Northside Dr Atlanta, GA


Description
The Intercontinental Exchange is a network of regulated exchanges and clearinghouses serving financial and commodity markets. It is made up of 11 exchanges.


Mission Statement

Provide safe and sound central counterparty services to reduce systemic risk in an efficient and compliant manner while generating positive returns for shareholders.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










NYSE Euronext
Postbus 19163 1000 GD Amsterdam


Description
Euronext is a pan-European exchange, created in 2000. It operates in the Netherlands, Belgium, France, Portugal and the UK.


Mission Statement

Euronext is a market place whose first mission consists of financing the real economy. It aims at offering companies financing solutions, ensuring security and transparency of operations and transactions.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










Raymond James Financial Inc.
880 Carillon Parkway St. Petersburg, FL 33716


Description
Founded in 1962, Raymond James, is a holding company offering, through its subsidiaries, investment and financial planning. It has more than 2,500 offices worldwide.


Mission Statement

Our business is people and their financial well-being. Therefore, in the pursuit of our goals, we will conduct ourselves in accordance with the following precepts: Our clients always come first.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










Lazard Ltd.
Clarendon House 2 Church Street Hamilton Hm II, Bermuda


Description
Lazard offers financial advisory and asset management through 43 locations in 27 countries. It was founded in 1848.


Mission Statement

To offer clients superior advice in a variety of financial sectors.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










Jefferies Group Inc.
520 Madison Avenue 10th Floor New York, NY 10022 USA


Description
Founded in 1962, Jefferies Group offers capital markets and financial advisory services, institutional brokerage and securities research, and wealth management. It has offices in over 30 cities worldwide.


Mission Statement

To provide quality services to its customers while maintaining the highest standards of ethical behavior.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










Stifel Financial Corp.
501 N. Broadway St. Louis, MO 63102

Slogan / Motto
Firm Of Choice. Advisor Of Choice. Investment Of Choice.

Description
Stifel provides securities brokerage, investment banking, trading, investment advisory and other financial services. It was founded in 1890 and its subsidiaries have locations in the US and Europe.


Mission Statement

To become the Firm of Choice for employees, the Advisor of Choice for clients, and the Investment of Choice for shareholders.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










Greenhill & Co. Inc.
300 Park Avenue New York NY 10022 United States of America


Description
Founded in 1996, Greenhill offers financial advice through 13 offices worldwide. Clients include the US Department of the Treasury, the Australian Government, GlaxoSmithKline and Tesco.


Mission Statement

Providing financial advice on significant mergers, acquisitions, restructurings, financings and capital raising to corporations, partnerships, institutions and governments.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










Investment Technology Group Inc.
One Liberty Plaza 165 Broadway New York, NY 10006


Description
Founded in 1987, ITG is an independent execution and research broker. It operates 15 locations in 9 countries.


Mission Statement

At ITG, our mission is to help clients achieve best possible execution. We've been proving it to our clients every day for 27 years as a pioneer in providing dark liquidity. And from the start, we've delivered world-class technology as well as wide-open visibility into how we help reduce trading costs. We continually measure and share performance parameters with our clients, including how, where, and when their orders were filled, plus price, fees, commissions, and more.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










Piper Jaffray Cos.
800 Nicollet Mall Suite 1000 Minneapolis, MN 55402


Description
Piper Jaffray, founded in 1895, is a full-service investment bank and asset management company. It has 44 offices in the US, one in London, UK and one in Zurich, Switzerland.


Mission Statement

Our mission is clear – we are building a leading international middle market investment bank and institutional securities firm.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










FXCM Inc.
55 Water St., 50th Floor, New York, NY 10041 USA


Description
FXCM Inc. is the parent company of FXCM Holdings, which in turn serves as the holding company for Forex Capital Markets. FXCM provides online foreign exchange trading and related services and has offices in the US, the UK, Germany, France, Italy, Greece, Australia, China and Japan.


Mission Statement

As we move forward in 2011, our new Tsim Sha Tsui Investor Centre marks another step in the company's mission to make forex trading accessible to all investors in Hong Kong. This new office replicates the high standards of customer service provided at our central Hong Kong office and extends these services to new traders with the added convenience of another accessible location.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










GAIN Capital Holdings Inc.
Bedminster One Suite 11, 135 US HWY 202/206 Bedminster, NJ 7921 United States


Description
Founded in 1999, GAIN Capital Holdings is the parent company for forex.com, Galvan Research and Trading, Daniels Trading, Futures Online, Gain Capital and GTX. It provide liquidity, technology, and trading support for online and voice trading.


Mission Statement

GAIN Capital was founded in 1999 with a clear mission to provide traders with low cost access to foreign exchange markets. Since then, GAIN Capital has expanded its product offering and global reach, and now provides a diverse mix of both retail and institutional investors access to thousands of OTC and exchange-traded markets.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










FX Alliance Inc.
3 Times Square New York, NY 10036


Description
Thomson Reuters FXall is an electronic foreign exchange platform. It caters to active traders, asset managers, corporate treasurers, market makers and intermediaries.


Mission Statement

Thomson Reuters Eikon Messenger is built on open-based standards and offers a secure, federated messaging system that through the integration of FXall further drives the Company's mission to more effectively bring together sell-side and buy-side communities.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










3X Inverse Gold ETN Velocityshares
19 Old Kings Highway S Darien, CT 06820

Slogan / Motto
Delivering innovative, efficient and intelligent products

Description
3X Inverse Gold ETN Velocityshares is a risk management company dealing in volatility, metals and energy products.


Mission Statement

VelocityShares® is dedicated to providing sophisticated investors with unique solutions for portfolio and trading risk management

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










AdvisorShares Sunrise Global Multi-Strategy ETF
4800 Montgomery Lane Suite 150 Bethesda, Maryland, 20814

Slogan / Motto
Actively Managed ETFs

Description
AdvisorShares Sunrise Global Multi-Strategy ETF is an investment company which helps people manage their money


Mission Statement

The mission of AdvisorShares is to innovate not only our products but also how we service and communicate to our shareholders. We intend to provide transparency to ensure products are appropriately valued and traded in the market, and offer a diversified selection of investment strategies to facilitate what we believe to be true diversification for our shareholders.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










Ares Capital Corporation
3340 Peachtree Road NE Suite 1660 Atlanta, GA 30326


Description
Ares Capital Corporation is a specialty finance firm that is a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company. It is managed by an external adviser, Ares Capital Management LLC. It does its investments in the US middle market companies.


Mission Statement

Our mission is to create long-term value for our shareholders through an attractive dividend(1) and solid investment performance across economic cycles.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










Atlanticus Holdings Corporation
Five Concourse Parkway Suite 400 Atlanta, GA 30328


Description
Atlanticus Holdings Corporation ("Atlanticus") is a financial holding company with investments mainly in companies centered on providing financial services such as credit card lending, auto lending, retail finance and loan serving and portfolio acquisitions. With headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia, they also have offices in the following cities: Lake Mary, FL, Las Vegas NV, Crawley, United Kingdom, London, United Kingdom and Chennai, India


Mission Statement

Atlanticus Holdings Corporation ("Atlanticus") is a financial holding company with investments primarily in companies focused on providing financial services. Our subsidiaries offer a broad array of financial products and services.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










Barclays Inverse US Treasury Composite ETN
745 7th Avenue New York NY 10019 United States

Slogan / Motto
We move, lend, invest and protect money worldwide.

Description
Barclays PLC is a provider of various financial products and services globally. It mainly operates in UK Retail and Business Banking, Europe Retail and Business Banking, Africa Retail and Business Banking, Investment Bank, Corporate Banking, wealth and Investment Management segments, as well as Barclaycard. It was founded in 1985 and is based in London, United Kingdom.


Mission Statement

To be an innovative, customer-focused Group that delivers superb products and services, ensures excellent careers for our people and contributes positively to the communities in which we live and work.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










Diamond Hill Investment Group, Inc.
325 John H. McConnell Blvd Suite 200 Columbus, Ohio 43215


Description
Diamond Hill is an investment management company, founded in 2000 and based in Columbus, Ohio.


Mission Statement

Our Mission At Diamond Hill, we serve our clients by providing investment strategies that deliver lasting value through a shared commitment to our intrinsic value-based investment philosophy, long-term perspective, disciplined approach and alignment with our clients’ interests.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










Fifth Street Asset Management Inc.
777 West Putnam Avenue 3rd Floor Greenwich, CT 06830

Slogan / Motto
Where Partnership Meets

Description
Fifth Street Finance Corp. is a business development firm that specializes in a range of investments in the middle market, first and second lien debt financing, and bridge financing primarily by private equity sponsors. It is managed and advised externally by Fifth Street Management LLC.


Mission Statement

Our mission is to continue to build a leading alternative asset management firm with a core focus on credit solutions and to be admired in the marketplace for our ideas, talent and integrity.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










Financial Engines, Inc.
1050 Enterprise Way, 3rd Floor Sunnyvale, CA 94089

Slogan / Motto
Retirement help for life

Description
Financial Engines Inc. and its subsidiaries, focus on providing independent and technological portfolio management services and retirement income service as well as advice on investment to members of contribution plans that are employer-sponsored in the United States. It also offers personalized plans for investors on saving and investing, and offers assessment of retirement income requirements. It was founded in 1996.


Mission Statement

Our mission has never wavered: We help people with saving, investing, and retirement income so they can enjoy the retirement they’ve dreamed about.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










First Trust BICK Index Fund
120 E. Liberty Drive Suite 400 Wheaton, Il 60187


Description
First Trust Portfolios L.P. and its affiliate First Trust Advisors L.P. (collectively “First Trust”) were founded in 1991 in Wheaton, Illinois. This investment company specializes in Unit Trusts, ETFS, Variable Annuities, Closed-End Funds, Mutual Funds, Structured Products, 401(k), and Managed Accounts, as well offering regular research and commentary on the markets


Mission Statement

to offer investors a better way to invest

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...










GSV Capital Corp
GSV Capital Corp. The Pioneer Building 2925 Woodside Road Woodside, CA 94062 USA

Slogan / Motto
Global Silicon Valley

Description
GSV Capital is an asset and investment management company.


Mission Statement

GSV Capital’s mission is to identify and invest in the premier VC backed private companies in the marketplace today — at attractive valuations.

Bookmark








            No votes yet.        
Please wait...









 





































 






Company Mission Statements – Mission Statements




 


















































































About Us
Contact Us
 









 
 





Search for:



 About Us
Contact Us
 


 
 





  
 



 
 
 







 











Search for:



 

 




Writing and Branding Services
Leadership Quote of the Day
MissionStatements Blog
Contact Us
 



 
 



			    Company Mission Statements			    Home » Company Mission Statements 


 







            A corporate mission statement is a constant reminder to its employees of why the company exists and what the
            founders envisioned when they put their fame and fortune at risk to breathe life into their dreams. Woe to
            the company that loses sight of its Mission Statement for it has taken the first step on the slippery slope
            to failure.
        







Fortune 500
You really have to be focused on quality to be in this club.




Inc. 500

                        Here’s how you get to be the best of the best small businesses in America.





Finance/Investment

                        Banking services and money are the lifeblood of a vibrant economy.





Food and Beverage

                        You answer your customers’ cravings with great food and drink…now satisfy your
                        stakeholders’ craving for clarity with an effective mission.





Technology
Riding the wave of the future. Surf’s up! 




Construction
Build your business through showing your people how to build your reputation.




Real Estate
Got Marvin Gardens and Atlantic Avenue? Show them how to get Ventnor as well.




Consumer Services/Products

                        You hope to become a household name with a massive market share. View the missions of the
                        biggest and smallest of B2C organizations here.





Manufacturing

                        You build the stuff that’s used for building everything else. Build your crew and
                        you’ve got it made.





Business Products and Services

                        You provide B2B solutions that enable your clients’ operations to run smooth and profitably.





Marketing / Public Relations

                        Your reputation is your boldest advertising move. And with a mission statement, everyone
                        can make it a positive one.





Healthcare

                        Provide health and wealth for all your stakeholders by sampling missions from top
                        medical biotech and pharma firms.




























































BBB Business Profile | Mission Wealth Management, LLC


















Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Financial Planning Consultants
 > 
Mission Wealth Management, LLC














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








Mission Wealth Management, LLC



Submit a Review

































Mission Wealth Management, LLC






            Business Information
        






(805) 882-2360

Mission Wealth Management, LLC
17 years in business

        1111 Chapala Street
Suite 300
        Santa Barbara, CA 93101
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (805) 882-2362
                        




                    Additional Email Addresses
                


                            info@missionwealth.com
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 02/03/2015
            

                Business Started: 02/01/2000





            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    





            Business Category
        


                Financial Planning Consultants
            








 








            Business Information
        






                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            











Share your experience


Submit a Review


Submit a Complaint










BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























Mission Wealth Management, LLC






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Mission Wealth Management, LLC
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    

















Share your experience


Submit a Review


Submit a Complaint












Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 




















 

















BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.














































Mission Wealth Management, LLC Introduces New Formula for Retirement Strategy Geared for Success 
































PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




Mission Wealth Management, LLC Introduces New Formula for Retirement Strategy Geared for Success



Share Article


















Local Santa Barbara Wealth Management Firm (http://www.missionwealth.com) Shares Simple Retirement Planning Formula







Make sure you are on track for retirement with Mission Wealth Management's 90/70/30 rule.

Our mission is to help our clients create a personalized retirement plan so that they can enjoy their golden years.


Santa Barbara, CA (PRWEB)
August 06, 2012
 Mission Wealth Management makes planning for retirement an easy endeavor with their tried and tested 90/70/30 rule to help people realize how close they are to retirement. 
To know if individuals are on track for retirement, Mission Wealth Management’s co-founders Brad Stark and Seth Streeter, devised a simple formula called the 90/70/30 rule that is easy to use and understand.
“Our mission is to help our clients create a personalized retirement plan so that they can enjoy their golden years yet so many individuals who are near retirement question whether or not they’re on track,” said Stark. “The 90/70/30 rule is a great tool to calculate retirement preparedness.” 
The 90/70/30 rule is a formulaic tool to help determine an individual’s level of retirement preparedness in three easy steps: 
1. Step one (Income Gap): Determine all expenses and all anticipated income sources (Social Security, rental property income, interest, dividends, pensions, etc.). When heading into retirement, we typically find the most financially secure people have 90 percent or more of their expenses covered by anticipated income. Conversely, people become less likely to achieve their financial goals when their anticipated income covers less than 90 percent of their expenses. 
Once an individual’s income gap has been determined, the next step in retirement preparedness comes down to their portfolio mix, their goals and a functional timeline.        
2. Step two (Income Generation): When trying to create the desired income, it may take 70 percent or less of an individual’s investment portfolio to cover their expenses via “income” investments. Remember, this portion of the portfolio is designed to address short-term needs. If it takes more than 70 percent to cover expenses, chances are they do not have enough “growth” assets set aside to help guard against inflation and the rising costs they will most likely incur in retirement.
3. Step three (Inflation Growth): What is not used for income purposes is money that can be allocated toward the future. With people living longer into retirement, guarding against inflation is also important. Depending on an individual’s age and health entering into retirement, we generally recommend that at least 30 percent of an individual’s portfolio be dedicated to growth investments so that they can keep pace with rising costs. The longer an individual’s expected retirement, the more that can be allocated to growth and vice versa for shorter horizons. 
Two typical outcomes can come from this formula: individuals have either saved “too much” or “too little.” For individuals who have saved “too little” they may need to assume more investment risk and an increased financial uncertainty that comes with it to fill the gap. Individuals can also, however, look to cut expenses, work longer or modify goals. For those who have saved “too much” they should not become greedy with investments but consider taking on the least amount of risk to accomplish their needs. 
Although this rule is not a substitution for financial planning, it does serve as a tool to help people take a quick look at their finances. To get a visual understanding of how this works, please review our infographic.  
About Mission Wealth Management, LLC
Mission Wealth Management, LLC was founded on a vision to empower affluent families to pursue their financial dreams. When built, they saw a demand for something different from what other financial services firms were providing. To meet this demand, Mission Wealth Management, LLC was founded on the principles of objective advice, proactive financial planning, and coordination with other professional advisors, including accountants, attorneys, and bankers. Mission Wealth Management, LLC does not sell any internal products; therefore, the recommendations they make are solely in the client’s best interests. Their client-centric planning process acknowledges clients and their needs to keep them on track and provide peace of mind. Mission Wealth Management, LLC’s team coordinates with professional advisors to ensure effective integration of all financial decisions. Today Mission Wealth Management, LLC helps hundreds of families achieve their financial dreams by managing their wealth. For more information on Mission Wealth Management, LLC please visit http://www.missionwealth.com. 
Securities offered through National Planning Corporation (NPC) member FINRA, SIPC.  Advisory services offered through Mission Wealth Management, LLC (MWM), a Registered Investment Advisor.  NPC and MWM are separate and unrelated entities.  The opinions voiced in this article are for general information only. They are not intended to provide apecific advice or recommendations for any individual. Dividends are subject to change and are not guaranteed. All investment decisions should be based on your individual goals, time horizon and tolerance for risk.



Share article on socal media or email:










View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Aljolynn Sperber
Marketing Maven Public Relations, Inc. (310) 341-7353
				Email >
			
Follow us on


									Visit website
								


Media
How near-retirees are preparing for their golden years.A helpful tool for those gearing up for retirement to make sure they're on track.






News Center





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Wealth Planning with Fidelity















Customer Service
Open an account
Refer a friend
Log in

800-343-2570




Wealth Planning
from Fidelity




A straightforward approach to planning for your future.
Wealth comes with opportunities. But it also comes with questions. Do you have access to investment advice you can understand? Are you taking the smartest approach to taxes? And	 how do you know what you’re really paying to manage it all?
Wealth planning from Fidelity gives you clear answers. It all starts with your dedicated financial consultant, who takes a personal approach to helping you build, grow, and preserve your wealth. For clients investing $250,000 or more, we’ll give you ongoing wealth planning guidance, service, and support, as well as regular portfolio reviews.
Work one on one with our financial professionals and specialists, in-person, online, or by phone.



Call today to make a wealth planning appointment.
800-343-2570





The benefits of wealth planning from Fidelity:

A personal relationship to help with ongoing guidance and planning support
Proactive strategies designed to reduce the impact of taxes on a portfolio
A wide suite of investing and cash management strategies for both growth and protection
Specialists in retirement, insurance, inheritance and estate planning guidance, and more
Planning strategies for education, healthcare, and aging
Simple, straightforward pricing, free tools and insights, and a range of fee-based solutions







Learn more about our wealth planning strategies and services.















Why Fidelity - Straightforward Pricing












































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























The Fidelity Advantage


Planning & Advice


Trading


Straightforward Pricing


Insights & Tools


Security & Protection







                
                
                The Fidelity Advantage

                
                
                Planning & Advice

                
                
                Trading

                
                
                Straightforward Pricing

                
                
                Insights & Tools

                    
                    
                
                Security & Protection


Go








Simple, straightforward pricing
Fees matter. Being transparent about pricing matters too. With some of the most competitive pricing in the industry, we can help your money work harder.








Know what you're paying






No annual account fees

Our accounts have no annual fee. And there's only a low minimum needed to invest.


Great value for trades

Get unlimited online U.S. equity trades for the low price of $4.95.1


No transaction fees

Choose from thousands of funds, both Fidelity and non-Fidelity.














Our low fees
Trading fees



Stocks & Options
ETFs
Bonds & CDs
Mutual Funds





$4.95 per stock or options trade


plus $0.65 per contract on options


$0 per trade for commission-free purchases of select Fidelity and iShares® ETFs


$4.95 per trade for all other ETFs


Save an average of $13 per bond2


$1 per bond for secondary bond trading and free for U.S. Treasuries traded online3


$0 for Fidelity funds and hundreds of other funds with no transaction fees4


$49.95 per purchase on all other funds, $0 on redemption




Get detailed pricing and see how we compare to others.












Portfolio Advisory fees





Invest with a Digital Advisor


Partner with a Fidelity Investment Professional



Fidelity Go®
A simple, easy way to invest online

Fidelity Portfolio Advisory Service®
Designed to help you invest for retirement and other large goals

Fidelity® Personalized Portfolios
Focused on tax-sensitive investment management5 for long-term growth

Separately Managed Accounts
Invests in specific strategies and segments of equity and fixed income markets






0.35% gross advisory fee6


$5,000 minimum investment


0.60% - 1.70% gross advisory fee6


$50,000 minimum investment


0.55% - 1.50% gross advisory fee6


$200,000 minimum investment


0.20% - 1.10% gross advisory fee6


$200,000–$500,000 minimum investment






Invest with a Digital Advisor


Fidelity GoSM

A simple, easy way to invest online


0.35% gross advisory fee; varies by strategy selected


$5,000 minimum investment

 

Partner with a Fidelity Investment Professional


Fidelity Portfolio Advisory Service®

Designed to help you invest for retirement and other large goals


0.60% to 1.7% annual advisory fee; varies by total assets invested


$50,000 minimum investment

 



Fidelity® Personalized Portfolios

Focused on tax-sensitive investment management3 for long-term growth


0.55% to 1.5% annual advisory fee; varies by total assets invested


$200,000 minimum investment

 



Separately Managed Accounts

Invests in specific strategies and segments of equity and fixed income markets


0.20% to 1.10% annual advisory fee; varies by total assets invested


$200,000–$500,000 minimum investment

 


Compare services and fees











Get started
Open an Account


Learn more about
Planning & Advice

The Fidelity advantage












We're here to help

Help is here 24/7. Call us, chat with an investment professional, or visit an Investor Center.

Check out our FAQs






Call anytime:

800-343-3548







Chat with a representative







Find an Investor Center









Find out what others are saying about us






Ratings and Reviews

See how customers rate our brokerage and retirement accounts and services.


Customer Stories

Read what customers have to say about their retirement experiences with us.


Awards and Recognition

See what independent third-party reviewers think of our products and services.


















Free commission offer applies to online purchases of Fidelity ETFs and select iShares ETFs in a Fidelity brokerage account. Fidelity accounts may require minimum balances. The sale of ETFs is subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). iShares ETFs and Fidelity ETFs are subject to a short-term trading fee by Fidelity if held less than 30 days.



          1. $4.95 commission applies to online U.S. equity trades in a Fidelity retail account only for Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC retail clients. Certain accounts may require a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Sell orders are subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). Other conditions may apply. See Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Employee equity compensation transactions and accounts managed by advisors or intermediaries through Fidelity Clearing and Custody Solutions are subject to different commission schedules.


          2. Fidelity commissioned Corporate Insight to study bond pricing, available online, for self-directed retail investors from five brokers that offer corporate and municipal bonds. The study compared online bond prices for over 20,000 municipal and corporate inventory matches between September 2nd and October 6th, 2015. It compared municipal and corporate inventories offered online. The study found on average that four competitors that bundled their markups or fees into their online bond prices were asking an average of $13.65 more per bond. Corporate Insight determined the average cost differential by calculating the difference between the costs of matching corporate and municipal bond inventory at Fidelity vs. these markup-based firms in the study, then averaging the differences across all of the competitor firms. For the table, the example competitor trade costs range of $240 - $510 is based on an average size order of $22,000 face or par value bonds and average cost differential between Fidelity and the four selected competitors displayed in the table. Year to date, through September 2015, Fidelity's retail brokerage account holders who purchased individual municipal or corporate bonds, purchased an average of 22 bonds per transaction.
	
    

          3.
	
	
	       
					
Minimum concessions of $19.95 apply if traded with a Fidelity representative. For U.S. Treasury purchases traded with a Fidelity representative, a flat charge of $19.95 per trade applies. A $250 maximum applies to all trades, reduced to a $50 maximum for bonds maturing in one year or less. Fixed income trading requires a Fidelity brokerage account with a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Rates are for U.S. dollar–denominated bonds; additional fees and minimums apply for non-dollar bond trades. Other conditions may apply; see Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Please note that concessions may affect the total cost of the transaction and the total, or "effective," yield of your investment. The offering broker, which may be our affiliate National Financial Services LLC, may separately mark up or mark down the price of the security and may realize a trading profit or loss on the transaction.



          4.
	
	
	       
        Other fees and expenses applicable to continued investment are described in the fund’s current prospectus.


          5. Fidelity® Tax-Managed U.S. Equity Index Strategy and Fidelity® Personalized Portfolios apply tax-sensitive investment management techniques (including tax-loss harvesting) on a limited basis, at their discretion, primarily with respect to determining when assets in a client's account should be bought or sold. For taxable accounts, Fidelity® Equity-Income Strategy may apply tax-sensitive investment management techniques on a limited basis at Strategic Advisers' discretion, primarily with respect to determining when assets in a client's account should be bought or sold. As a discretionary investment management service, any assets contributed to an investor's account that Fidelity® Tax-Managed U.S. Equity Index Strategy, Fidelity® Personalized Portfolios, and/or Fidelity® Equity Income Strategy do not elect to retain may be sold at any time after contribution. An investor may have a gain or loss when assets are sold.
	
    

          6. The advisory fee does not cover charges resulting from trades effected with or through broker-dealers other than affiliates of Strategic Advisers, mark-ups or mark-downs by broker-dealers, transfer taxes, exchange fees, regulatory fees, odd-lot differentials, handling charges, electronic fund and wire transfer fees, or any other charges imposed by law or otherwise applicable to your account. You will also incur underlying expenses associated with the investment vehicles selected.
	
    

Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all investors. Certain complex options strategies carry additional risk. Before trading options, please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options. Supporting documentation for any claims, if applicable, will be furnished upon request.


There is an Options Regulatory Fee from $0.04 to $0.06 per contract, which applies to both option buy and sell transactions. The fee is subject to change.



ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.



For iShares ETFs, Fidelity receives compensation from the ETF sponsor and/or its affiliates in connection with an exclusive long-term marketing program that includes promotion of iShares ETFs and inclusion of iShares funds in certain FBS platforms and investment programs. Additional information about the sources, amounts, and terms of compensation can be found in the ETF’s prospectus and related documents. Fidelity may add or waive commissions on ETFs without prior notice. BlackRock and iShares are registered trademarks of BlackRock Inc., and its affiliates.


In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Any fixed income security sold or redeemed prior to maturity may be subject to loss.


          Fidelity Portfolio Advisory Service®, Fidelity® Strategic Disciplines, and BlackRock® Diversified Income Portfolio are services provided by Strategic Advisers, Inc., a registered investment adviser and a Fidelity Investments company. Fidelity® Strategic Disciplines includes the Breckinridge Intermediate Municipal Separately Managed Account, the Fidelity® Equity-Income Strategy, and the Fidelity® Tax-Managed U.S. Equity Index Strategy. Fidelity GoSM is a service provided by Strategic Advisers, Inc., and by Geode Capital Management LLC, an unaffiliated registered investment adviser. Fidelity® Personalized Portfolios may be offered through Strategic Advisers, Inc., or Fidelity Personal Trust Company, FSB (FPTC), a federal savings bank. Nondeposit investment products and trust services offered through FPTC and its affiliates are not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency, are not obligations of any bank, and are subject to risk, including possible loss of principal. These advisory services are provided for a fee.


          Brokerage services are provided by Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC. Custody and other services are provided by National Financial Services LLC. Both are Fidelity Investments companies and members of NYSE and SIPC.
	
    


Before investing in any mutual fund or exchange-traded fund, you should consider its investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus, offering circular or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.




767144.8.1











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Wealth Management And Growth - Fidelity











































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 












Managing & Growing Wealth
You've worked hard to get where you are. Let's make sure your money keeps working hard for you.




The Fidelity Perspective





Diversifying your investments: Help minimize your investment risks with a diverse mix of assets in your portfolio. Also take the opportunity to fine-tune your savings goals and investment approaches annually—and after every major life event.
Examining your tax strategy: Be aware of how taxes will affect your money, and minimize the impact where possible.
Protecting your legacy: Consider life insurance and estate planning strategies to help protect your wealth and maximize your legacy.





Track your long-term goals

Explore our Planning & Guidance Center today. You can create a holistic financial plan or investment strategy and monitor your progress.









 

Diversifying your investments


Five things to review annually

Plan for your family's future as you review your savings and investment strategies.

Choosing the right investments for your IRA
Opening an IRA can be an important step in implementing a retirement savings plan and can help you meet your goals of investing for growth, income, or both.



See smart ways to diversify (1:40)








Wealth planning

Our personal approach can help simplify the complexities of investing your assets, addressing the potential impact of taxes, and preserving your wealth.


See how Fidelity can partner with you






 

Examining your tax strategy


Tax-efficient investing

Ready to keep more of what you earn? Create a plan to minimize the tax bite on investments.

Charitable giving

Maximize your impact with smarter charitable giving. Fidelity Charitable® can help you give more and potentially reduce your taxes.



See how to invest efficiently (2:32)











 

Protecting your legacy


Estate planning
Understand how wills and trusts work, and learn strategies to protect what you care about.


Life insurance
Protect yourself and your loved ones with guidance and solutions from Fidelity.











Fidelity resources to grow your wealth


Save for retirement with a Fidelity IRA
Maxed out your 401(k)? A Fidelity Roth or Traditional IRA is another tax-advantaged way to save.


Portfolio Advisory Services
Hand off the challenge of investing to a team of investment professionals focused on helping you reach your goals.











Ready to get started?


Open an Account





Questions?

800-343-3548








Chat with a representative









Find an Investor Center




















Investing involves risk, including risk of loss.


Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.


Fidelity's Portfolio Advisory Services are services of Strategic Advisers, Inc., a registered investment adviser and a Fidelity Investments company. These services provide discretionary money management for a fee.


Brokerage services are provided by Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC. Custody and other services are provided by National Financial Services LLC. Both are Fidelity Investments companies and members of NYSE and SIPC.


          Questions are designed to help give you insights and items to consider when planning for your future. They are intended for educational purposes only.
	
    

Fidelity does not provide legal or tax advice. The information herein is general in nature and should not be considered legal or tax advice. Consult an attorney or tax professional regarding your specific situation.



790685.1.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 









Master Data Management (MDM) Advisory & Implementation




















































Contact us






 
(888) 534-9650






About Us

Mission & History
Partners
Leadership Team
Careers
News & Events
Newsletter Sign Up


Blog
Our Clients






  
 
 



Services
Solutions
MENU
MDM Advisory
MDM Implementation
MDM Performance
Contact Us
  
 






 

 
 

Thank You.To our employees and customers. Ideosity recognized by Inc. 5000 in “Fastest Growing Private Companies” 3 years straight.Learn More About IdeosityCross the finish line with ease.With Ideosity's end-to-end services.Start Your Journey With AdvisoryOngoing expert support to help youget more out of your PIM and MDM systemLearn more about IdeoCARE  
 



IdeosityData Mastered





End-to-end Master Data Management Solutions
 
Our services combined with MDM and PIM technologies
eliminates obstacles, mitigates risk and creates business improvements
throughout your entire data mastering journey.





MDM Advisory
Strategy and planning lay the groundwork for a successful PIM or MDM implementation.



MDM Implementation
PIM and MDM specific methodology for maximum value and minimum risk.



MDM Performance
Make the most of your PIM and MDM system with performance technology and support.




A Leader In MDM/PIM Consulting



60+ MDM/PIM projects across small, medium and large enterprises.
Broadest experience across a variety of leading platforms and technologies.
Robust services to support the entire journey from concept to realization and ongoing.


 

Our Approach


Eliminating Risk by relying on our ADVISORY services.
Our IMPLEMENTATION approach aims at deriving faster ROI and greater value from your MDM platform.
Benefit from Ideosity’s unique PERFORMANCE services, technology and ongoing expert support.



 


 





Navigation

Advisory
Implementation
Performance
Careers
Our Clients
Blog
About Us


 
Contact Us
Ideosity, Inc. 
205 W. Main Street 
West Dundee, IL 60118
Ideosity Canada, Ltd. 
1 Yonge Street, 
Suite 1801 
Toronto, ON M5E 1W7
p: (888) 534-9650
f: (312) 256-9156

 About Ideosity
Partner with Ideosity for your digital transformation for Advisory, Implementation, and Performance services. Our approach combined with PIM (Prod­uct Information Management)
and MDM (Master Data Management) technologies eliminates obstacles, mitigates risk and creates business improvements throughout your entire da­ta-mastering journey.
 







  
 

© 2017 Ideosity, All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Ask.com - What's Your Question?
















Ask.com



















            
Answers



|

Videos














Mission wealth management LLC






Web Results



Mission Wealth Management - Santa Barbara Financial Planning

missionwealth.com
We are proud of our reputation of helping hundreds of families achieve their 
financial dreams by managing their wealth as reliably as if it were our own.



Team - Mission Wealth Management

missionwealth.com/team
Meet our experienced team of advisors 
with expertise in investment, retirement,
 ...











First Republic Bank



(7)


Banks & Credit Unions


Hours:






Neighborhood:

                                                    SoMa                                            


1355 Market Street,  San Francisco, CA 94103
(415) 487-0888












Source: 









More Results »



What Is the Meaning of Wealth Management?





Wealth Management - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/terms/w/wealthmanagement.asp
Wealth management is a high-level professional service that combines financial 
and investment advice, accounting and tax services, retirement planning and ...



Wealth management - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wealth_management
Wealth management as an investment-advisory discipline which incorporates 
financial .... to the company, was intended to more clearly define the difference 
between wealth management companies and more affordable brokerage firms.



What Is Wealth Management? - Forbes

www.forbes.com/sites/russalanprince/2014/05/16/what-is-wealth-management
May 16, 2014 ... Still, most professionals are hard pressed to actually define the term with any 
degree of precision. Wealth management is very straightforward.




More Results »



Wealth Management Companies?





America's Top 40 Wealth Management Firms - Barron's

www.barrons.com/articles/americas-top-40-wealth-management-firms-1411695548
Dec 23, 2014 ... Barron's exclusive ranking of the Top 40 managers of accounts of $5 million and 
up.



List of asset management firms - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_asset_management_firms
The following is a list of the top 10 AMCs in the world (as of 2015), ranked by total 
assets under management (AUM): ...



Top 100 Wealth Managers - Forbes

www.forbes.com/top-wealth-managers
Top Wealth Managers 2015: It's A Bull Market For Advice ... 1, Chevy Chase Trust 
Company, Bethesda, MD, $21,211, 17%, Peter Welber, President & CEO.




More Results »



Mission wealth management LLC







1


2


3


4


5


Next










Related Search



Wealth Management Companies




                                Guide to Wealth Management




Wealth Management Definition




Wealth Management Careers




                                RBC Wealth Management Connect




Wealth Management Services




Wealth Management Wealth Advisors




                                Top Wealth Management Companies




                                Best Private Wealth Management Firms




                                United Steel Service




                                Universal Stainless and Alloy




                                RBC Dain Rauscher Connect



















About


Privacy


Terms


Careers


Help


Feedback


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC




















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































