



MUFG; Asset Management / Investor Services / Real Estate | Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group



















p
L




to Global Navigation
to Contents
to Local Navigation
to Site Information








Search

Search



Japanese>
 | 
English>

>Major Group Company WebsitesDBank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJDMitsubishi UFJ Trust and BankingDMitsubishi UFJ Securities HoldingsDMUFG Americas Holdings CorporationDBank of Ayudhya ("Krungsri")>Major Related Companies
>Major Related Companies>
>Site Map>

Text size : 
Standard+Enlarge



:Close









)HOME
)About MUFG>
)Press Releases>
)Products & Services
>
)Investor Relations>
)Stock Information>
)Sustainability>
)Careers>





HOME > Products & Services > Asset Management / Investor Services / Real Estate

Listen to this page
Print this page







Asset Management / Investor Services / Real Estate






[Asset Management
[Investor Services
[Real Estate




Asset Management
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking (MUTB) is one of Japan's leading asset managers. MUTB first started managing corporate pension fund assets in 1962. MUTB now has around 200 investment professionals and approximately US$393 billion (JPY 40 trillion) as of March 31, 2014 in assets under management, managing funds for corporate pension funds, public pension funds, financial institutions, and corporates. MUTB's resources enable us to offer a wide range of investment strategies across asset classes on both a pooled and segregated basis, and provide the solution that best fits client requirements.In the investment trust business, Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Mnagement Co., Ltd. meet a wide range of client asset management needs through an extensive product portfolio and a strong sales network that includes the MUFG group.In the corporate pension field, we have a high degree of specialization and expertise developed over many years. Based on these strengths, we offer comprehensive corporate pension services, ranging from corporate pension design to asset management and administration. These services are available not only to our own customers, but also to customers of the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi (BTMU), regional banks, and other client institutions through the trust bank agent system.


DMitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking (Asset Management)D


Investor Services
In our Global Asset Administration Service, MUFG Investor Services have established a worldwide network of subsidiaries in Luxembourg, the USA, UK, Bermuda, Cayman Island, Ireland, Canada and Japan. Making the most of our global relationships, MUTB strives to meet our clients' investment requirements. MUTB provides our clients with a wide range of services and technical knowledge in fields such as accounting, taxation, and legal affairs.


DMUFG Investor ServicesD


Real Estate
The real estate operations of Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking (MUTB) represent one of the core services provided  since its founding in 1927. MUTB provides a wide range of services, such as real estate brokerage, real estate appraisal services, real estate trust and custodian services, property management and real estate securitization arrangement services and real estate asset management.


DMitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking (Real Estate)D





>Products & Services

>Consumer Business / Private Banking
>Corporate & Investment Banking
>Asset Management / Investor Services / Real Estate




Stock Price CODE(8306)










u
Stock Chart
>




Terms and Conditions
>






Latest IR Documents:





IR Calendar>


Request for Annual ReportD


News AlertsD


FAQs>













)About MUFG
>Message from Management
>Company Overview
>Business Strategy
>Corporate Vision, CI
>Key Figures
>Management Structure
>Global Network
>Major Related Companies
)Press Releases
)Products & Services
>Consumer Business /
Private Banking
>Corporate & Investment Banking
>Asset Management / Investor Services / Real Estate




)Investor Relations
>Summary Reports
>Investor Presentations
>Fact Book
>SEC Filings
>Annual Reports
>Basel Ⅲ Disclosure
>Road Map to Risk Disclosures
>IR Calendar




)Stock Information
>Shareholders Meeting
>Stock Information
>Stock Procedure Information
>Dividend Information
>Ratings and Bond Information
>Analyst Coverage




)Sustainability
>Message from the CEO
>MUFG's CSR
>CSR Materiality
>CSR Domains Trusted By Society
>Efforts to Our Stakeholders
>Corporate Governance
>Participation in Initiatives
>Evaluation from External Institutions
>CSR data
>Comparison Tables
>Third Party Opinion




)Careers
)Stock Price
DRequest for Annual Report
DNews Alerts
)FAQs
)Updated History




Major Group Company Websites

Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities Holdings
MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation
Bank of Ayudhya ("Krungsri")






This page contains contents that require Adobe Flash Player.>About Adobe Flash Player
Documents with this mark are optimized for Adobe Reader.>About Adobe Reader
Documents with this mark are optimized for Windows Media Player.>About Windows Media Player
Click the  on the top of the page once. ReadSpeaker automatically reads the text within the predesignated range.>About text reading service


>Terms and Conditions>
>Personal Information Protection Policy>
>Policy for Conflicts of Interest Management>
>IR Policy>








﻿






























FY2017 Earnings Estimate for Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Issued By William Blair - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Abbott Laboratories

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Abbott Laboratories with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Credit Suisse AG Sells 52,204 Shares of CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF)
Legal & General Group Plc Acquires 559 Shares of Ollie’s Bargain Outlet Holdings, Inc. (OLLI)
BlackRock Inc. Acquires 6,739,920 Shares of II-VI Incorporated (NASDAQ:IIVI)
State Street Corp Acquires 4,012 Shares of XPO Logistics, Inc. (NYSE:XPO)
Credit Suisse AG Decreases Position in 3D Systems Corporation (DDD)
Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Has $350,000 Stake in Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (NYSE:CFG)
DTE Energy Company (NYSE:DTE) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages
Cowen and Company Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM)
Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Raises Stake in Lincoln National Corporation (LNC)
Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Holds Stake in Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (NYSE:BR)
Leucadia National Corporation (NYSE:LUK) Stake Boosted by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC
Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Maintains Position in Arconic Inc (NASDAQ:ARNC)
Blue Apron Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:APRN) Coverage Initiated at Needham & Company LLC
Perkins Coie Trust Co Has $1.76 Million Position in American Tower Corporation (REIT) (NYSE:AMT)
Synchrony Financial (NYSE:SYF) Shares Bought by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC
FY2017 Earnings Estimate for Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Issued By William Blair
Stifel Nicolaus Reaffirms Hold Rating for Dupont Fabros Technology, Inc. (NYSE:DFT)
Whitbread plc (LON:WTB) Receives Equal weight Rating from Barclays PLC
GVC Holdings PLC (LON:GVC) Research Coverage Started at Peel Hunt
Invitation Home (INVH) versus A V Homes (AVHI) Head to Head Survey







FY2017 Earnings Estimate for Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Issued By William Blair


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments





Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) –  William Blair boosted their FY2017 earnings per share estimates for Abbott Laboratories  in a research note issued on  Thursday. William Blair analyst M. Kaczor now expects that the healthcare product maker will post earnings of $2.49 per share for the year, up from their prior forecast of $2.48. William Blair also issued estimates for Abbott Laboratories’ Q1 2018 earnings at $0.55 EPS, Q2 2018 earnings at $0.69 EPS, Q3 2018 earnings at $0.76 EPS, Q4 2018 earnings at $0.80 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $2.80 EPS. 


 Get Abbott Laboratories alerts:



A number of other brokerages also recently issued reports on ABT. Cowen and Company  reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $48.00 price objective on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research report on Saturday, April 22nd. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “buy” rating and set a $58.00 target price on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a report on Thursday, June 29th. TheStreet upgraded Abbott Laboratories from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a report on Monday, July 3rd. Zacks Investment Research cut Abbott Laboratories from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 31st. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus raised their target price on Abbott Laboratories from $49.00 to $51.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 31st. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have given a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the company. The company  has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $52.13.
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “FY2017 Earnings Estimate for Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Issued By William Blair” was  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/fy2017-earnings-estimate-for-abbott-laboratories-abt-issued-by-william-blair.html. 





Shares of Abbott Laboratories (ABT) opened at 50.84 on Monday. The stock has a market capitalization of $88.22 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 71.20 and a beta of 1.06. Abbott Laboratories has a 52 week low of $37.38 and a 52 week high of $51.13. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $48.18 and its 200-day moving average is $44.68. 
Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, July 20th. The healthcare product maker reported $0.62 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.60 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $6.64 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.63 billion. Abbott Laboratories had a net margin of 4.96% and a return on equity of 15.53%. The business’s revenue was up 24.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.55 earnings per share. 
A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Tudor Investment Corp Et Al boosted its stake in  Abbott Laboratories by 1.2% in the fourth quarter. Tudor Investment Corp Et Al now owns 16,800 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $645,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the last quarter.  Hilltop Holdings Inc. boosted its stake in  Abbott Laboratories by 18.2% in the fourth quarter. Hilltop Holdings Inc. now owns 12,553 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $482,000 after buying an additional 1,932 shares during the last quarter.  Seven Eight Capital LP acquired a new stake in  Abbott Laboratories during the fourth quarter valued at $307,000.  Ancora Advisors LLC boosted its stake in  Abbott Laboratories by 55.8% in the fourth quarter. Ancora Advisors LLC now owns 70,863 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $2,722,000 after buying an additional 25,384 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Banco Santander S.A. acquired a new stake in  Abbott Laboratories during the fourth quarter valued at $5,189,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  71.08% of the company’s stock. 
In related news, insider Jared Watkin sold 552 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $47.97, for a total transaction of $26,479.44. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 47,090 shares in the company, valued at $2,258,907.30. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Joseph J. Manning sold 4,200 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $43.95, for a total value of $184,590.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 26,224 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,152,544.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 206,902 shares of company stock valued at $9,497,761. 0.76% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 15th. Investors of record on Friday, July 14th will be paid a dividend of $0.265 per share. This represents a $1.06 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.08%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, July 12th. Abbott Laboratories’s payout ratio is 149.30%. 
About Abbott Laboratories
Abbott Laboratories is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a range of healthcare products. The Company operates through four segments: Established Pharmaceutical Products, Diagnostic Products, Nutritional Products and Vascular Products. Its Established Pharmaceutical Products include a range of branded generic pharmaceuticals manufactured around the world and marketed and sold outside the United States. 







Receive News & Ratings for Abbott Laboratories Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Abbott Laboratories and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback






























































mitsubishi ufj kokusai asset management co ltd
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co Ltd operates as an investment trust provider.The Company provides investment management, administration and control services,as well as a variety of funds and exchange traded funds.




Corporate Information
Address:

1-12-1 Yurakucho
Chiyoda-Ku, 100-0006
Japan


Phone:
81-3-5221-6200


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.am.mufg.jp





Board Members




Senior Managing Director
Company


Kyoji Hironaka
Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co Ltd


Takashi Oishi
Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co Ltd








President/CEO
Company


Toru Matsuda
Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co Ltd








Director
Company


Masahito Tobita
Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co Ltd


Shingo Yogo
Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co Ltd


Hideo Shirota
Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co Ltd








Managing Director
Company


Satoru Yamanouchi
Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co Ltd


Minoru Tomita
Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co Ltd








Vice President
Company


Hiroyuki Tanaka
Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co Ltd








Board Members
Company


Junichi Okamoto
Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc


























From The Web











Key Executives


Toru Matsuda


President/CEO




Hiroyuki Tanaka


Vice President




Kyoji Hironaka


Senior Managing Director




Takashi Oishi


Senior Managing Director




Minoru Tomita


Managing Director




Satoru Yamanouchi


Managing Director




Masahito Tobita


Director




Shingo Yogo


Director




Hideo Shirota


Director




Gyosuke Kobayashi


Executive Officer




Naohiro Honda


Executive Officer




Toru Kuroda


Executive Officer




Hidemitsu Kasaoka


Executive Officer




Hideki Suruga


Executive Officer




Hisakazu Tabata


Executive Offcier




Atsuo Murata


Executive Officer




Tsunetoshi Ohira


Executive Officer



Show More


Show Less






Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data














































 
























Stock Observer














 















 



  
 
 







Can Sears Save Its Appliances Business By Partnering with Amazon?
Jul 23rd, 2017
				Amazon and Sears have been in the news a lot lately, but for the opposite reasons: one is growing while the other is struggling. Today, though, they share bylines as it turns out that...   






Low Fees and Good Earnings Spell An Excellent Day—and Quarter—for BlackRock

							Jul 22nd, 2017						 

							BlackRock is the largest asset management firm in the world and, on Monday,...   
 





Coca Cola (UK) To Double Recycled Plastics En Route to 100 Percent Recycled Materials in Bottles

							Jul 20th, 2017						 

							Estimates suggest that plastic bottle production is slated to grow another 20...   
 





Facebook To Unveil A Standalone Oculus VR Headset Next Year

							Jul 19th, 2017						 

							Facebook will in 2018 be unveiling a new Oculus VR headset that will operate...   
 





Interactive Demos For The HomeKit System Unveiled At Apple Stores

							Jul 18th, 2017						 

							Shoppers interested in trying out Apple’s smart home system can now do so...   
 
 
 



Headlines
Toshiba Will Pay To Finish Nuclear Reactors In Southern United States

					Jun 13th, 2017				





					The Tokyo-based Toshiba Corporation said, on Saturday, that it plans to contribute $3.68 billion to press onward with building two new nuclear reactors in the US state of Georgia. The company...  
More »

DHS Could Extend The Electronics Ban On Flights To Europe
Ford Has Designed A Crib That Mimics A Car Ride To Help Babies Sleep




Health
Can Prolonged Antibiotic Use Lead to Colon Cancer?

					Apr 7th, 2017				





					So, we are now learning that long-term antibiotic use—and a somewhat ignorant medical over-reliance on them—has contributed to the rise of superbugs. These are bacteria which are mostly immune...  
More »

Can A Daily Low-Dose Aspirin Reduce Risk from Cancer Death?
At Least 1 in 5 Adults in the US Infected By High-Risk Strain of HPV
Smoking Rates Down but Population Growth Keeps Smoking Death Rate High







Economy
OPEC Meeting Will Address Concerns Over Global Oil Glut

					Jul 26th, 2017				





					OPEC has recently expressed concerns regarding its plans to drain the global glut—which is supposed to help raise crude prices—is failing.
At a long-planned meeting in St. Petersburg, Russia,...  
More »

Oil Prices Up, but still struggling with direction




Technology
DHS Could Extend The Electronics Ban On Flights To Europe

					May 13th, 2017				





					A ban on large electronic items such as laptops in commercial flights headed to the United States might in the near future affect passengers from European countries. Currently the ‘laptop ban’...  
More »

Reports Loss And Stock Falls Sharply As Shareholders Take A Hit
Survey Reveals That Microsoft’s Surface Tablet More Satisfying Than The iPad




 
 






















Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Brandywine Realty Trust (NYSE:BDN) Stock Price
Liberty Broadband Corporation (NASDAQ:LBRDK) and WideOpenWest (WOW) Critical Review
Comparing Enviva Partners, (EVA) & Renewable Energy Group (REGI)
Killam Apartment REIT (TSE:KMP.UN) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.05
Curtiss-Wright Corporation (CW) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance
Rent-A-Center Inc. (RCII) Issues Quarterly  Earnings Results
BGC Partners, Inc. (NASDAQ:BGCP) Posts Quarterly  Earnings Results, Meets Estimates
Angie’s List, Inc. (NASDAQ:ANGI) Issues Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.10 EPS
Choice Hotels International, Inc. (NYSE:CHH) Receives $61.40 Consensus Price Target from Analysts
Hibbett Sports (NASDAQ:HIBB) & Sportsman’s Warehouse Holdings (SPWH) Head-To-Head Survey
Sterling Construction (STRL) versus Jacobs Engineering Group (NYSE:JEC) Head to Head Analysis
Brokerages Set Vernalis plc (LON:VER) PT at $46.80
Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate The Hackett Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:HCKT) Will Post Earnings of $0.21 Per Share
Spirit Aerosystems Holdings, Inc. (SPR) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC
Bank of America Corporation Trims Autoliv, Inc. (NYSE:ALV) Target Price to $84.00
American Campus Communities Inc (ACC) Upgraded to Buy by BidaskClub
Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) Given Buy Rating at Needham & Company LLC
Halliburton Company (HAL) Given “Outperform” Rating at Credit Suisse Group
Texas Instruments Incorporated (NASDAQ:TXN) Rating Lowered to Buy at BidaskClub
SunOpta, Inc. (STKL) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research



 
 

































mitsubishi.com - Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co., Ltd.


















Jump to main text on this page








































Home
Company Search
Search Results
Company Profile











Company Name
Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co., Ltd.


Address

1-12-1 Yurakucho Chiyoda-ku Tokyo 100-0006,Japan 
TEL : +81-3-5221-6200																							 


Industry

Banking & Securities;
							 


Related to


Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking 



Back

page top


































 





Group Companies in Japan : Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking










































Home
About MUTB
Company Overview
Group Companies in Japan



Group Companies in Japan

The principal Japanese group companies in MUTB's primary business sectors are as follows (As of March 31, 2015):

Asset Management

Through strong product development/operation/sales capabilities, an expanding product lineup and meticulous services, we will respond to the diversified needs of our clients in a timely and appropriate manner.



Company name
Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co.,Ltd.
Consolidated subsidiary


Date of Establishment
Aug. 1, 1985
Amount of Capital
2,000 million yen






Company name
MU Investments Co., Ltd.
Consolidated subsidiary


Date of Establishment
Sep. 27, 1993
Amount of Capital
2,526 million yen





Research and Consulting

Mitsubishi UFJ Trust Investment Technology Institute Co., Ltd., (MTEC) was the first private research institute in Japan to specialize in financial engineering. MTEC works to develop asset investment and risk management models, employing the latest theories in investment, mathematics, statistics, operations research and corporate finance, based on the "balance and integration of financial engineering theory and practice."



Company name
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust Investment Technology Institute Co., Ltd.
Consolidated subsidiary


Date of Establishment
Jan. 14, 1988
Amount of Capital
480  million yen





Asset Administration

The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd., the first trust bank in Japan to offer a full fledged master trust service that transcends the traditional trustee framework of trust banks or life insurance companies, merges one of the soundest operating foundations among the industries with know-how accumulated over many years, to respond to the needs of our clients in a timely and appropriate manner.



Company name
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. 
Consolidated subsidiary


Date of Establishment
Nov. 13, 1985
Amount of Capital
10,000 million yen





401K Pension

The Japanese version of the 401K pension system that was introduced in October 2001 has found widespread acceptance and is expanding rapidly. We offer coherent client support starting with system formulation and implementation consultation through to operation management.



Company name
Defined Contribution Plan Consulting of Japan Co., Ltd.
Equity method affiliate


Date of Establishment
Mar. 16, 2001
Amount of Capital
4,000 million yen





Real Estate Brokerage

By taking full advantage of the group's extended network, we provide a wide range of real estate related services to the satisfaction of our clients as a dependable partner.



Company name
Mitsubishi UFJ Real Estate Services Co., Ltd.
Consolidated subsidiary


Date of Establishment
Jun. 14, 1988
Amount of Capital
300 million yen





Shareholder Relations Consulting Services

With a wealth of experience and know-how from providing transfer agency services over many years, we provide consultation on improving investor relations, with core services in shareholder identity investigation and proxy solicitation.



Company name
Japan Shareholder Services Ltd.
Consolidated subsidiary


Date of Establishment
Sep. 13, 2005
Amount of Capital
100 million yen





Credit Cards / Consumer Credit

We cater to ever diversifying need of our clients through a top rated credit card/consumer credit company.



Company name
Ryoshin DC Card Company, Ltd.
Consolidated subsidiary


Date of Establishment
Apr. 11, 1983
Amount of Capital
50 million yen




Return to Top of Page












﻿






























Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) Earns “Buy” Rating from BMO Capital Markets - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Illinois Tool Works Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Illinois Tool Works Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Simplex Trading LLC Acquires New Position in Aramark (NYSE:ARMK)
Aon PLC (AON) Stake Held by Hills Bank & Trust Co.
Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Shares Bought by Trust Department MB Financial Bank N A
Hills Bank & Trust Co. Acquires 35 Shares of Quest Diagnostics Incorporated (DGX)
Alliant Energy Corporation (LNT) Stake Raised by Hills Bank & Trust Co.
Oneok Partners LP (NYSE:OKS) Position Held by Trust Department MB Financial Bank N A
Sempra Energy (NYSE:SRE) Shares Bought by CHICAGO TRUST Co NA
Private Capital Advisors Inc. Has $2.22 Million Stake in Liberty Media Corporation (NASDAQ:LSXMK)
FY2018 EPS Estimates for Legg Mason, Inc. (NYSE:LM) Cut by Analyst
Alnylam Pharmaceuticals’ (NASDAQ:ALNY) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Cowen and Company
ARM Holdings plc (ARMH) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages
Bottomline Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:EPAY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages
Amber Road, Inc. (NYSE:AMBR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages
Aimmune Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AIMT) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Critical Survey: Lancaster Colony Corporation (LANC) & The Hain Celestial Group (HAIN)
Allied Properties Real Estate Investment (AP) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.13
Magellan Health, Inc. (NASDAQ:MGLN) General Counsel Daniel N. Gregoire Sells 16,073 Shares
Melcor Real Estate Investment Trust (MR) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06
Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) Earns “Buy” Rating from BMO Capital Markets
AutoNation (AN) and Monro Muffler Brake (MNRO) Critical Survey







Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) Earns “Buy” Rating from BMO Capital Markets


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments




Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by equities research analysts at BMO Capital Markets in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. They currently have a $160.00 price objective on the industrial products company’s stock. BMO Capital Markets’ price objective suggests a potential upside of 8.63% from the company’s current price.
Several other research firms have also issued reports on ITW. Stifel Nicolaus  reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $147.00 price target on shares of Illinois Tool Works in a research report on Friday, July 14th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Illinois Tool Works from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $163.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, July 12th. Morgan Stanley  reiterated an “equal weight” rating and set a $140.00 price target (up previously from $136.00) on shares of Illinois Tool Works in a research report on Monday, July 10th. BidaskClub lowered shares of Illinois Tool Works from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, June 24th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) upgraded shares of Illinois Tool Works from a “sell” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price target for the stock from $131.00 to $155.00 in a research report on Thursday, June 1st. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $148.69.


 Get Illinois Tool Works Inc. alerts:



Illinois Tool Works (ITW) opened at 147.29 on Thursday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $145.53 and a 200 day moving average price of $135.52. The firm has a market capitalization of $50.88 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.74 and a beta of 1.12. Illinois Tool Works has a one year low of $111.50 and a one year high of $150.29. 





Illinois Tool Works (NYSE:ITW) last announced its earnings results on Monday, April 24th. The industrial products company reported $1.54 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.45 by $0.09. Illinois Tool Works had a net margin of 15.24% and a return on equity of 45.02%. The company had revenue of $3.47 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.40 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.29 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.0% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, equities analysts predict that  Illinois Tool Works will post $6.38 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/22/illinois-tool-works-inc-nyseitw-earns-buy-rating-from-bmo-capital-markets.html. 
In other Illinois Tool Works news, insider Michael R. Zimmerman sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $140.00, for a total value of $700,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 7,626 shares in the company, valued at $1,067,640. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, Vice Chairman Christopher A. O’herlihy sold 36,467 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, June 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $144.00, for a total transaction of $5,251,248.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 55,878 shares in the company, valued at approximately $8,046,432. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 220,850 shares of company stock worth $30,945,971 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own  0.90% of the company’s stock. 
Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the stock. BlackRock Inc. raised its stake in shares of  Illinois Tool Works by 1,661.3% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 19,318,196 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $2,559,083,000 after buying an additional 18,221,359 shares in the last quarter.  Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of  Illinois Tool Works by 3.6% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 8,905,002 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $1,179,646,000 after buying an additional 308,538 shares in the last quarter.  Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in shares of  Illinois Tool Works by 1.5% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 4,554,364 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $603,315,000 after buying an additional 67,451 shares in the last quarter.  FMR LLC raised its stake in shares of  Illinois Tool Works by 0.7% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 3,449,170 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $456,912,000 after buying an additional 23,205 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Geode Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of  Illinois Tool Works by 7.1% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 3,084,804 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $408,069,000 after buying an additional 203,294 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  75.47% of the company’s stock. 
About Illinois Tool Works
Illinois Tool Works Inc is a manufacturer of industrial products and equipment. The Company operates through seven segments. The Automotive OEM segment produces components and fasteners for automotive-related applications. The Food Equipment segment offers commercial food equipment. The Test & Measurement and Electronics segment produces test and measurement, and electronic manufacturing and maintenance, repair and operations (MRO) solutions.







Receive News & Ratings for Illinois Tool Works Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Illinois Tool Works Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 















































Contact Us










 

 




 Home 
 Sitemap 

 Print











Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management (UK) Ltd.
      	A member of MUFG, a global financial group
      


  Home 
  About Us 
  Institutional 
  Policies 
  Contact Us 





 


 close 
Legal Notice 


The material regarding the net asset value(s) of shares in MUFG Funds (the "Fund")
		contained in the attached page of this website (the "Page") has been prepared and
		issued by the Fund’s administrator Mitsubishi UFJ Investor Services & Banking
		(Luxembourg) S.A. for general information only.

Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management (UK) Ltd. accepts no responsibility for loss occasioned
		as a result of reliance placed on any parts of the contents of the Page and makes no
		warranty as to the accuracy of any such information or content.

The information provided in the Page regarding the Fund is historical in nature and is not
		intended to constitute and shall not constitute a financial promotion, the giving of
		investment advice or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any investment.
		The Page is not directed to any United States person or any person in the United States,
		any state thereof, or any of its territories or possessions. The provision of the information
		on the Page does not constitute an offer to purchase securities to any person in the
		United States or to any U.S. Person as such term is defined under the Securities Act of
		1933, as amended.

To the extent that information displayed on the Page may be interpreted by the relevant
		authorities in the country from which you are viewing the website as a financial promotion
		or an offer to purchase securities, the information in the Page is only intended to be
		viewed by persons who fall outside the scope of any law that seeks to regulate financial
		promotions in the country of your residence or in the country in which the website is
		being viewed. If you are uncertain about your position under the laws of the country in
		which the website is being viewed then you should seek clarification by obtaining legal
		advice from a lawyer practicing in the country of your residence or in the country in
		which the website is being viewed before accessing this website.

You should always bear in mind that past performance should not be seen as an
		indication of future performance and the value of the Fund can be volatile and go up or
		down.

You confirm that to the best of your belief you fall outside the scope of any law that
		seeks to regulate financial promotions in the country in which the website is being viewed
		from or in your country of residence and therefore by accessing this website you will not
		contravene or cause the hosts of this website to contravene any such law.

 To proceed please  click here  


Disclaimer

Please read our Terms and Conditions carefully.
Terms and Conditions of access to this website of Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management (UK) Ltd. 

This website is issued by Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management (UK) Ltd. ("MUAM (UK)") which is authorised and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") (FRN 121816). MUAM (UK) is a limited company registered in England (No. 01842259) with its registered office at 24 Lombard Street, London EC3V 9AJ.
By accessing any page of this website, you agree to be bound by the conditions below. Please read them carefully. If you do not wish to be bound by them, please do not proceed any further. 

1. Access Restrictions  
Nothing in this website constitutes an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such an offer is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation.

1.1 Regulated Fund

The MU Japan Fund Plc and MUFG Global Fund SICAV (" Funds") are open-ended investment companies with variable capital incorporated in Ireland and are structured as an umbrella funds. The Funds qualify as undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities (UCITS) and they have obtained recognition under the UCITS Directive for marketing in certain member states in the European Economic Area. The sub-funds of the Funds include the MU Japan Equity Value Fund and the MUFG Global Fund Stable Growth, High Growth and Income Growth Funds, and the MUFG Japan Equity Small Cap and Strategic Value Funds. Investment in the Funds and access to this website are available only in jurisdictions where the advertisement or other financial promotion of the  Funds is lawful. The Funds are currently registered for sale only in Ireland, the United Kingdom [OTHER UCITS REGISTERED STATES]. Access to this website from any other country is available only to persons who fall outside the scope of any law that seeks to regulate advertisements or other financial promotions of the Funds in that country. If you are uncertain about your position under the laws of your country then you should seek clarification by obtaining legal advice from a lawyer practicing in that country before accessing our website. Investment in the Funds is not being offered in the United States, including any state thereof or any of its territories or possessions, or to U.S. Persons as such term is defined under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Funds are not authorised by the FCA and is not subject to their rules for the protection of investors. As a result, investors will not have any protection under the UK Financial Ombudsman Scheme or the UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme, nor will you have any rights of cancellation.

1.2 Unregulated Funds

This website may also include references to funds that are unregulated collective investment schemes for purposes of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”), the promotion of which either in or from the United Kingdom is restricted by law (the “Unregulated Funds”). Accordingly, this website is available only to, and is directed only at, persons in the UK (or other member states of the European Economic Area) reasonably believed by MUAM (UK) to be of a kind to whom it may communicate financial promotions relating to unregulated collective investment schemes by virtue of the FSMA (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 2001 (the “Order”). Such persons include: (a) persons having professional experience of participating in unregulated collective investment schemes (“Investment Professionals”) and (b) high net worth bodies corporate, partnerships, unincorporated associations, trusts, etc. falling within Article 22 of the Order. Any Unregulated Funds described therein are available only to such persons, and persons of any other description may not rely on the information in those parts of this website (“High Net Worth Businesses”). High Net Worth Businesses include: (i) a corporation which has called-up share capital or net assets of at least £5 million or is a member of a group in which includes a company with called-up share capital or net assets of at least £5 million (but where the corporation has more than 20 shareholders or it is a subsidiary of a company with more than 20 shareholders, the £5 million share capital / net assets requirement is reduced to £500,000); (ii) a partnership or unincorporated association with net assets of at least £5 million and (iii) a trustee of a trust which has had gross assets (i.e. total assets held before deduction of any liabilities) of at least £10 million at any time within the year preceding the promotion. Investment in the Unregulated Funds is available only to such persons, and persons of any other description may not rely on information in this website regarding them. Most of the protections provided by the UK regulatory system, and compensation under the UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme, will not be available. If you are uncertain about whether you qualify as an Investment Professional or a High Net Worth Business, you should seek clarification by obtaining legal advice from a lawyer practicing in the United Kingdom before proceeding. Where this website is accessed outside the United Kingdom, it is the responsibility of every person accessing it to satisfy himself as to the full observance of the laws of any relevant country, including obtaining any government or other consent which may be required or observing any other formality which needs to be observed in that country. If you are uncertain about your position under the laws of your country then you should seek clarification by obtaining legal advice from a lawyer practicing in that country before accessing our website. Investment in the Unregulated Funds is not being offered in the United States, including any state thereof or any of its territories or possessions, or to U.S. Persons as such term is defined under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

1.3 General

The information in this website was prepared by MUAM (UK) only for, and is directed only at, persons that qualify as Professional Clients or Eligible Counterparties under the rules of the FCA, including appropriate institutional investors and intermediaries. The services provided by MUAM (UK) are available only to such persons. The information in this website is not intended for the use of and should not be relied on by any person who would qualify as a Retail Client.

2. Investment Management Process

The description of the investment management service and process in this website is a general one. The terms and conditions applicable to individual investors will be set out in the applicable contract or offering document.

3. No Reliance

Although we have taken all reasonable care that the information contained within this website is accurate at the time of publication, we make no representation or warranty (including liability towards third parties) express or implied, as to its accuracy, reliability or completeness. If you rely on material on this website, you do so at your own risk. We expressly disclaim any duty of care which we might otherwise owe to any person relying on material on this website.

4. Product Information

All products referred to on this website are subject to change without notice and the product information on this website may not necessarily be up-to-date. Nothing on this website is to be construed as an offer to sell or otherwise provide any product referred to or to buy or sell investments.

5. No Advice

Opinions and any other contents on this website are provided by MUAM (UK) for personal use and information purposes only. No information provided on this website in relation to any product or investment should be construed as advice to you on the suitability or otherwise of that product or investment for you or any other person, such suitability depending on all the circumstances of the person concerned. Nothing contained on the website constitutes investment, legal, tax or other advice nor is it to be relied on in making an investment or other decision. This website expresses no views as to the suitability or appropriateness of the Funds, the Unregulated Funds or any other investments described herein to the individual circumstances of any recipient. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making any investment decision.

6. Your use of this Website 

Your access to and use of this website is at your own risk. We will not be liable for any loss, damages or expenses which you may suffer or incur (whether or not likely to occur in the ordinary course of events or unusual and whether or not notified to us prior to your accessing this website) which are caused directly or indirectly by your accessing this website including, but not limited to, loss, damages or expenses caused by any failure, delayed or defective operation or unavailability of any pages of this website or any computer virus arising in connection with this website. In order to enhance security and to provide customized information, the MUAM (UK) site uses cookies, which are small data structures used to store data on personal computers and to return information to the websites. Please be advised that cookies used by MUAM (UK) do not contain any identifiable personal information. By agreeing to these terms and conditions you expressly accept our policy on the use of cookies.

You should always bear in mind that;

(a) the value of investments and any income from them may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment. 
(b) past performance should not be seen as an indication of future performance. You should be aware that indications of past performance displayed on this website will not necessarily be repeated.
(c) rates of exchange may cause the value of underlying investment to go down as well as up.
(d) applications to invest in any product referred to on this website must only be made on the basis of the documentation relating to the specific investment.
(e) if you are in any doubt about the information contained on this website please contact us or consult your usual professional adviser, if you have one.


7. Copyright notice 

All material on this website is owned by and is copyright ©Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management (UK) Ltd. 2014 unless otherwise indicated. All rights reserved. No part of this website may be reproduced or re-distributed without the written permission of MUAM (UK). You are permitted to view the contents of this website on screen. You are also permitted to print one copy of reasonable extracts from the website for your personal use or private study and to save one copy of such reasonable extracts to your local hard disk for your personal use or private study. All other copying and distribution of any of the contents of this website is strictly forbidden. If you are viewing this website in the course of your or your employer’s business you must observe the restrictions set out above. It is strictly forbidden to copy any material on this website for commercial use (other than as necessary for the purpose of viewing the website in the course of a business) or to store any or all of the contents of this website on a proxy server, cache (other than your personal browser cache) or other similar form of storage. MUAM (UK) expressly prohibits the re-distribution of this web site to retail clients, via the internet or otherwise and MUAM (UK) its subsidiaries or affiliates accepts no liability whatsoever to any third parties resulting from such re-distribution.


8. Trademarks

The words "Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management (UK) Ltd." is a trademark of MUAM (UK) registered in the United Kingdom. The MUFG symbol is a trademark of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc, registered in Japan.


9. Hypertext links 

Any hypertext links on this website to other Internet locations are at your own risk. The content, accuracy, opinions expressed and further links provided at any of such locations are not checked, analysed, monitored or endorsed by us and we accept no responsibility for them. 


 


 Agree 
         
 Disagree 
        



 








Latest Reports

Monthly
 Global Investment Strategy 



Semi-Annual 
 Global Investment Strategy 



Annual 
 Execution policy disclosure 




Factsheets/DailyNAV


MU Japan Fund PLC

26.07.2017   
             Daily NAV Report 

 MU Japan Equity Value Fund 



MUFG Global Fund SICAV
Stable Growth

26.07.2017   
             Daily NAV Report 

 MUFG Global Fund Stable Growth 

High Growth

26.07.2017   
             Daily NAV Report 

 MUFG Global Fund High Growth 

Income Growth

26.07.2017   
             Daily NAV Report 

 MUFG Global Fund Income Growth 

Small Cap

26.07.2017   
             Daily NAV Report 

 MUFG Japan Equity Small Cap 

Strategic Value

26.07.2017   
             Daily NAV Report 

 MUFG Japan Equity Strategic Value 






Contact Us 
Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management (UK) Ltd. 

Planning and Business Promotion Department 
24 Lombard Street
London,EC3V 9AJ
United Kingdom 
Tel: +44 (0) 20 7648 5100
Fax:+44 (0) 20 72837727 

Email: info.muamuk@uk.am.mufg.jp

Major Group Company Websites 
Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group 
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation 
Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co., Ltd. 
HighMark Capital Management Inc. 
The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. 

 

 


   Disclaimer    Contact Us  
 All rights reserved. No endorsement or approval of any third parties or their advice, opinions, information, 
      products or services is expressed or implied by any information on this Site or by any hyperlinks to or from any third party websites 
      or pages. Your use of this website is subject to the terms and conditions governing it.  Please read the terms and conditions before using the website.  









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














ufj asset management - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Surplus Asset Management | LiquidityServices.com



Ad
 ·
LiquidityServices.com



Profit from Your Idle Assets w/ Our Asset Management White Paper!




U.S. Trust® Wealth Structuring - Preservation And Transfer



Ad
 ·
www.ustrust.com/​Wealth/​Management



Gain Insight & Learn How To Invest For Your Future - Contact Us Today.





Articles By U.S. Trust



Wealth Structuring



Investment Management




Finance & Liquidity



Have Us Contact You



Capital Acumen Magazine





Best Asset Management Software - Start Your Free Trial Today



Ad
 ·
www.kzsoftware.com/​AssetManagement/​Software



Easy To Use. Manage Assets And Service, Check In/Out, Scan/Print Barcodes.





Download Asset Manager



See Screenshots



Pricing / Purchase Info



Features and Benefits




Web Results

MUFG; Asset Management / Investor Services / Real Estate ...

www.mufg.jp/english/products-services/assetmanagement-is-re


MUFG; Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group is one of the world's largest comprehensive financial groups, comprising a diverse range of leading companies in a wide array of ...


Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management

https://www.am.mufg.jp/english


Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management. Our Mission; Message From The President; Key Facts; Corporate Vision ... Our Service; Investment Management; Administration ...



Product Range



Awards



Exchange Trades Funds



Key Facts



Corporate Overview



Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management UK Ltd. Buys New Position ...

https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/07/24/mitsubishi-ufj-asset...


Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management UK Ltd. bought a new position in PS Business Parks, Inc. (NYSE:PSB) during the second quarter, according to its most recent ...


Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management UK Ltd. Buys New Stake in ...

https://weekherald.com/2017/07/24/mitsubishi-ufj-asset-management...


Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management UK Ltd. bought a new stake in Service Corporation International (NYSE:SCI) during the second quarter, according to its most ...


Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management (UK) Ltd. disclosed a new ...

https://relationshipscience.com/News/story/mitsubishi-ufj-asset...


Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management (UK) Ltd. disclosed a new stake in Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. in a filing on June 30, 2017


Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management UK Ltd. Takes Position in ...

https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/mitsubishi-ufj-asset...


Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management UK Ltd. purchased a new stake in Aqua America, Inc. (NYSE:WTR) during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form ...


Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Raises ...

https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/20/mitsubishi-ufj-kokusai...


Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. boosted its position in AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) by 5.7% during the first quarter, according to its most ...


Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management UK Ltd. Acquires New ...

https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/24/mitsubishi-ufj-asset...


Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management UK Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Republic Services, Inc. (NYSE:RSG) during the second quarter, according to its ...


MUFG; Major Related Companies | Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group

www.mufg.jp/english/profile/group


MUFG; Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group is one of the world's largest comprehensive financial groups, comprising a diverse range of leading companies in a wide array of ...


Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management UK Ltd. Invests $1.59 ...

https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/24/mitsubishi-ufj-asset...


Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management UK Ltd. bought a new position in Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (NYSE:BR) during the second quarter, according to its ...










Surplus Asset Management | LiquidityServices.com



Ad
 ·
LiquidityServices.com



Profit from Your Idle Assets w/ Our Asset Management White Paper!




U.S. Trust® Wealth Structuring - Preservation And Transfer



Ad
 ·
www.ustrust.com/​Wealth/​Management



Gain Insight & Learn How To Invest For Your Future - Contact Us Today.





Articles By U.S. Trust



Wealth Structuring



Investment Management




Finance & Liquidity



Have Us Contact You



Capital Acumen Magazine





Best Asset Management Software - Start Your Free Trial Today



Ad
 ·
www.kzsoftware.com/​AssetManagement/​Software



Easy To Use. Manage Assets And Service, Check In/Out, Scan/Print Barcodes.





Download Asset Manager



See Screenshots



Pricing / Purchase Info



Features and Benefits



12345Next






Answers







Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group



Investment Co. Ltd. Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management Co. Ltd. Mitsubishi UFJ Research and Consulting UFIT Co. Ltd. UFJ Capital Co. Ltd. UFJ Institute

more






Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking...



is the trust banking arm of the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, a Japanese financial services group which is the largest in the world measured by...

more






UFJ Holdings, Inc.



The merger was completed on October 1, 2005, creating the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, the world's second biggest bank by assets at $1.7 trillion,...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








