


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























Mutual Funds


Mutual funds are a practical, cost-efficient way to build a diversified portfolio of stocks, bonds, or short-term investments. With nearly 70 years in the business, Fidelity offers the tools and experience to help you build an investment strategy that matches your investing style.
Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center








Fidelity mutual funds










Why choose Fidelity funds?

There's a reason we're a world leader in mutual funds1—our rich history, global research, and diverse investment capabilities.




Explore our fund offering

Take advantage of our global network of analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry.
Pricing, Distributions, and Shareholder Information
Year-End Fidelity Fund Distributions




Fidelity Fund Portfolios
                        
						                        
                                                       


						
							
Whether you want to pick your own funds or prefer the hands-off approach, we'll help you find a portfolio that makes the most sense for you.
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Income
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Diversified










 FEATURED INVESTING IDEA
Beating the benchmark

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Active management can help you respond quickly to market changes and maximize your return potential.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED SPOTLIGHT
Fidelity Simplicity RMD FundsSM

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Take the guesswork out of required minimum distributions (RMDs) for certain types of retirement accounts2 by pairing a professionally managed, age-appropriate asset allocation fund with our automated annual RMD withdrawal service.
			                                            
			                                        
												








All funds




Over 10,000 funds from Fidelity & other companies


Fidelity's FundsNetwork allows you to invest in mutual funds from hundreds of fund companies outside of Fidelity, including many available with no transaction fees.3 Explore your financial options by searching through our world class library of funds.



Explore all funds


Morningstar® highly rated funds
Fund Picks From Fidelity®











Featured Tool
Mutual Fund Evaluator4

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Search thousands of funds available through Fidelity. Easily filter and sort by performance criteria and fund characteristics.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED TRIAL
Guest Access

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Sign up for free Guest Access and experience the tools and resources only available to Fidelity customers.
			                                            
			                                        
												


















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.


Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.



Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



          1. Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $6.2 trillion, including managed assets of $2.2 trillion as of May 31, 2017, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 26 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 23,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 12,500 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          2. RMDs do not apply to investments in Roth IRAs or taxable accounts.
	
    

          3.
	
	
	       Other fees and expenses, including those which apply to a continued investment in the fund, are described in the fund's current prospectus. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, or its affiliates, receives compensation in connection with (i) access to, purchase or redemption of, and/or maintenance of positions in mutual funds and other investment products ("funds"), (ii) infrastructure needed to support such funds as well as additional compensation for shareholder services, start-up fees, infrastructure support and maintenance, and other programs and/or (iii) a fund's attendance at events for FBS's clients and/or representatives, and opportunities for the fund to promote its products and services. This compensation may take the form of sales loads and 12b-1 fees described in the prospectus and/or additional compensation paid by the fund, its investment adviser or an affiliate. Fidelity reserves the right to change the funds available without transaction fees and reinstate the fees on any funds. Fidelity will charge a short term trading fee each time you sell or exchange shares of FundsNetwork No Transaction Fee (NTF) funds held less than 60 days (short-term trade).


          4. The Fund Evaluator is provided to help self-directed investors evaluate mutual funds based on their own needs and circumstances. The criteria entered is at the sole discretion of the user and any information obtained should not be considered an offer to buy or sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any securities. You acknowledge that your requests for information are unsolicited and shall neither constitute, nor be considered as investment advice by Fidelity Brokerage Services, LLC., Fidelity Distributors Corporation, or their affiliates (collectively, "Fidelity").
	
    

          Please note: When comparing funds, please consider all important factors, including information pertaining to fund fees, fund features, and fund objectives. While funds may track an index, the indices and strategies employed in seeking to achieve an investment goal may be different. Each fund’s investment object and strategy and index tracked to achieve investment goals may differ. For new investors, funding investment minimums may be different.
	
    


727356.10.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 




Fidelity Funds - Mutual Funds from Fidelity Investments


















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Mutual Funds Overview
























Fidelity Mutual Funds


Invest with a world leader in mutual funds* and you put a global network of 400 analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry to work for you.1 Our extensive resources allow Fidelity's fund managers to look deeply across different regions and sectors to find investment opportunities that others may miss.

Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center














Explore the full spectrum of available Fidelity Funds 
Fidelity Funds cover all asset classes of mutual funds, from domestic equity to specialized sectors, so you can find the mix of funds that helps you to achieve your strategic investment goals.









Domestic Equity




International Equity




Sectors




Fixed Income




Asset Allocation




Index




Money Market









Domestic Equity









Benefits of domestic equity funds


Exposure to successful, innovative, and profitable companies
May offer significant appreciation potential
A good foundation for almost any portfolio for risk-tolerant investors





Why Fidelity domestic equity funds

$755 billion in U.S. equity assets under management1
2,364 stocks covered by more than 200 equity research professionals1
A wide range of highly rated 4- and 5-star Morningstar rated funds2














Large Value


Fidelity® Blue Chip Value Fund (FBCVX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Value Enhanced Fund (FLVEX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Large-Cap Value Fund (FSLVX)

Fidelity® Value Discovery Fund (FVDFX)
Small/Mid Value

Fidelity® Low-Priced Stock Fund (FLPSX)

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Value Fund (FSMVX)

Fidelity® Value Fund (FDVLX)

Fidelity® Value Strategies Fund (FSLSX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Value Fund (FCPVX)
Income-Oriented

Fidelity® Equity Dividend Income Fund (FEQTX)

Fidelity® Equity-Income Fund (FEQIX)

Fidelity® Growth & Income Portfolio Fund (FGRIX)

Fidelity® Dividend Growth Fund (FDGFX)






Large Blend


Fidelity® Disciplined Equity Fund (FDEQX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Core Enhanced Index Fund (FLCEX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Stock Fund (FLCSX)

Fidelity® Mega-Cap Stock Fund (FGRTX)
Small/Mid Blend

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Enhanced Index Fund (FMEIX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Enhanced Index Fund (FCPEX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Stock Fund (FSLCX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Small-Cap Fund (FDSCX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Discovery Fund (FSCRX)
Go-Anywhere

Fidelity® Capital Appreciation Fund (FDCAX)

Fidelity® Contrafund® (FCNTX)

Fidelity® Independence Fund (FDFFX)

Fidelity® Magellan® Fund (FMAGX)

Fidelity® New Millennium Fund (FMILX)






Large Growth


Fidelity® Blue Chip Growth Fund (FBGRX)

Fidelity® Export & Multinational Fund (FEXPX)

Fidelity® Focused Stock Fund (FTQGX)

Fidelity® Fund (FFIDX)

Fidelity® Growth Discovery Fund (FDSVX)

Fidelity® Growth Company Fund (FDGRX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Growth Enhanced Index Fund (FLGEX)

Fidelity® OTC Portfolio (FOCPX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector All Cap Fund (FDSSX)

Fidelity® Trend Fund (FTRNX)
Small/Mid Growth

Fidelity® Growth Strategies Fund (FDEGX)

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Stock Fund (FMCSX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Mid-Cap Fund (FSSMX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Growth Fund (FCPGX)

Diversifiers

Fidelity® Leveraged Company Stock Fund (FLVCX)

Fidelity® Event Driven Opportunities Fund (FARNX)






Research all Fidelity domestic equity funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






A three-step investing strategy


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How to build an investment plan that you can stick with day in and day out to help meet your goals.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





September flows update


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Strong flows persisted for U.S. ETP funds in recent months, while international funds saw mixed results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Hunting for tech innovation


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Companies shaping how we live and work tomorrow may be today's best stocks, says our expert.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





An oil recovery play


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       If oil prices recover, our fund manager says some chemical companies could benefit.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









International Equity









Benefits of international equity funds


More than half the world's companies reside outside the U.S.
Tap into the growth potential in other parts of the world.
Lower the volatility of your profile through diversification.






Why Fidelity international equity funds


50 years of international asset management experience
$200+ billion in international equity assets
25+ years of experience managing emerging market equities

Why Fidelity for international funds (PDF)











Core International
 Fidelity® International Enhanced Index Fund (FIENX)

Fidelity® International Capital Appreciation Fund (FIVFX)

Fidelity® Total International Equity Fund (FTIEX)

Fidelity® International Discovery Fund (FIGRX)

Fidelity® Diversified International Fund (FDIVX)

Fidelity® Overseas Fund (FOSFX)

Fidelity® International Growth Fund (FIGFX)

Fidelity® International Value Fund (FIVLX)

Fidelity® International Small Cap Fund (FISMX)

Fidelity® International Small Cap Opportunities Fund (FSCOX)






Regional & Single Country


Fidelity® China Region Fund (FHKCX)

Fidelity® Emerging Asia Fund (FSEAX)

Fidelity® Emerging Europe, Middle East, Africa Fund (FEMEX)

Fidelity® Europe Fund (FIEUX)

Fidelity® Latin America Fund (FLATX)

Fidelity® Nordic Fund (FNORX)

Fidelity® Pacific Basin Fund (FPBFX)

Fidelity® Canada Fund (FICDX)

Fidelity® Japan Fund (FJPNX)

Fidelity® Japan Smaller Companies Fund (FJSCX)






Global


Fidelity® Worldwide Fund (FWWFX)

Fidelity® Global Equity Income Fund (FGILX)
Emerging Markets

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Fund (FEMKX)

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Discovery Fund (FEDDX)

Fidelity® Total Emerging Markets Fund (FTEMX)






Research all Fidelity international equity funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Washington watch


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four experts on post-election market moves and policies ahead.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Investing internationally


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Domestic stocks may not always outperform international.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





International myths


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Common misconceptions about international investments could be costly.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





International: U.S. may lead


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Consider foreign stocks with U.S. growth exposure—plus select opportunities in Brazil, India, and Europe.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Sectors









Benefits of sector funds


Tactical investment approaches, such as sector rotation strategies
More precise asset allocation
Greater diversification of your portfolio






Why Fidelity sector funds


44 actively managed sector funds
Latest sector research
400+ analysts

Why Invest in Sectors at Fidelity













Consumer Discretionary


Fidelity® Select Consumer Discretionary Portfolio (FSCPX)

Fidelity® Select Automotive Portfolio (FSAVX)

Fidelity® Select Leisure Portfolio (FDLSX)

Fidelity® Select Multimedia Portfolio (FBMPX)

Fidelity® Select Retailing Portfolio (FSRPX)

Fidelity® Select Construction & Housing Portfolio (FSHOX)
Consumer Staples

Fidelity® Select Consumer Staples Portfolio (FDFAX)
Energy

Fidelity® Select Energy Portfolio (FSENX)

Fidelity® Select Energy Service Portfolio (FSESX)

Fidelity® Select Natural Gas Portfolio (FSNGX)

Fidelity® Select Natural Resources Portfolio (FNARX)
Financials

Fidelity® Select Financial Services Portfolio (FIDSX)

Fidelity® Select Banking Portfolio (FSRBX)

Fidelity® Select Brokerage and Investment Management Portfolio (FSLBX)

Fidelity® Select Consumer Finance Portfolio (FSVLX)

Fidelity® Select Insurance Portfolio (FSPCX)




Health Care

Fidelity® Select Health Care Portfolio (FSPHX)

Fidelity® Select Biotechnology Portfolio (FBIOX)

Fidelity® Select Health Care Services Portfolio (FSHCX)

Fidelity® Select Medical Equipment and Systems Portfolio (FSMEX)

Fidelity® Select Pharmaceuticals Portfolio (FPHAX)
Industrials

Fidelity® Select Industrials Portfolio (FCYIX)

Fidelity® Select Air Transportation Portfolio (FSAIX)

Fidelity® Select Defense and Aerospace Portfolio (FSDAX)

Fidelity® Select Environment & Alternative Energy Portfolio (FSLEX)

Fidelity® Select Industrial Equipment Portfolio (FSCGX)

Fidelity® Select Transportation Portfolio (FSRFX)
Information Technology

Fidelity® Select Technology Portfolio (FSPTX)

Fidelity® Select Communications Equipment (FSDCX)

Fidelity® Select Computers Portfolio (FDCPX)

Fidelity® Select Semiconductors Portfolio (FSELX)

Fidelity® Select IT Services Portfolio (FBSOX)

Fidelity® Select Software and IT Services Portfolio (FSCSX)




Materials

Fidelity® Select Materials Portfolio (FSDPX)

Fidelity® Select Chemicals Portfolio (FSCHX)

Fidelity® Select Gold Portfolio (FSAGX)

Fidelity® Global Commodity Stock Fund (FFGCX)
Real Estate

Fidelity® Real Estate Investment Portfolio (FRESX)

Fidelity® Real Estate Index Fund (FRXIX)

Fidelity® Real Estate Income Fund (FRIFX)

Fidelity® International Real Estate Fund (FIREX)

Fidelity® Select Construction and Housing Portfolio (FSHOX)
Telecommunications

Fidelity® Select Telecommunications Portfolio (FSTCX)

Fidelity® Select Wireless Portfolio (FWRLX)
Utilities

Fidelity® Select Utilities Portfolio (FSUTX)

Fidelity® Telecom & Utilities Fund (FIUIX)






Research all Fidelity sector funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






ETFs for the 2nd half


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are some ETF opportunities to consider after recent developments.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





3 tech trends


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Think international tech, machine learning, and cloud computing.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Targeting ETFs


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Two ways the Fidelity ETF screener can help you find investment opportunities that fit your strategy.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Sector winners


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Tech, financials, and industrials were positive, most sectors had mixed results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Fixed Income









Benefits of fixed income funds


Potential for capital preservation, depending on the fund
Income generation
Liquidity





Why Fidelity fixed income funds

One of the country's largest and most experienced investment organizations
$925+ billion in bond assets1
Over 600 investment professionals located around the world1














Short Duration


Fidelity® Conservative Income Bond Fund (FCONX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund (FCRDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FMNDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FCNVX)

Fidelity® Short-Term Bond Fund (FSHBX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Bond Fund (FJRLX)

Fidelity® Short Duration High Income Fund (FSAHX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Government Fund (FFXSX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Municipal Income Fund (FSTFX)

Fidelity® California Limited Term Tax-Free Bond Fund (FCSTX)

Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRHX)
Corporate

Fidelity® Corporate Bond Fund (FCBFX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Bond Fund (FJRLX)
Mortgage

Fidelity® Mortgage Securities Fund (FMSFX)

Fidelity® GNMA Fund (FGMNX)
Government

Fidelity® Intermediate Government Income Fund (FSTGX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Government Fund (FFXSX)

Fidelity® Government Income Fund (FGOVX)

Fidelity® Inflation-Protected Bond Fund (FINPX)




Diversified/Opportunistic

Fidelity® Total Bond Fund (FTBFX)

Fidelity® Strategic Income Fund (FSICX)

Fidelity® Capital & Income Fund (FAGIX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Bond (FTHRX)

Fidelity®Investment Grade Bond (FBNDX)
International

Fidelity® Global Credit Fund (FGBFX)

Fidelity® New Markets Income Fund (FNMIX)

Fidelity® Global High Income Fund (FGHNX)
High Yield

Fidelity® High Income Fund (SPHIX)

Fidelity® Short Duration High Income Fund (FSAHX)

Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRHX)

Fidelity® Focused High Income Fund (FHIFX)

Fidelity® Global High Income Fund (FGHNX) Fidelity® Capital & Income Fund (FAGIX)




Municipal - National

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund (FCRDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FMNDX)

Fidelity Tax-Free Bond Fund (FTABX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income Fund (FHIGX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Municipal Income Fund (FLTMX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Municipal Income Fund (FSTFX)

Fidelity Municipal Income 2019 Fund (FMCFX)

Fidelity Municipal Income 2021 Fund (FOCFX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income 2023 Fund (FCHPX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income 2025 Fund (FIMSX)
Municipal – State

Fidelity Arizona Municipal Income Fund (FSAZX)

Fidelity® California Limited Term Tax-Free Bond Fund (FCSTX)

Fidelity® California Municipal Income Fund (FCTFX)

Fidelity® Connecticut Municipal Income Fund (FICNX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund (FDMMX)

Fidelity Maryland Municipal Income Fund (SMDMX)

Fidelity® Michigan Municipal Income Fund (FMHTX)

Fidelity® Minnesota Municipal Income Fund (FIMIX)

Fidelity® New Jersey Municipal Income Fund (FNJHX)

Fidelity® New York Municipal Income Fund (FTFMX)

Fidelity® Ohio Municipal Income Fund (FOHFX)

Fidelity® Pennsylvania Municipal Income Fund (FPXTX)






Research all Fidelity fixed income funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Tips for volatility


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       When markets get choppy, it pays to have a plan, and to stick to it.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Mutual fund or ETF?


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Key factors to consider before buying include your tax bracket, fees, trading flexibility, and investment style.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Strategies for retirees


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       If you’re nearing or in retirement, make sure your plan is solid—and stay the course, even in volatile markets.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Perspective on rate changes


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four reasons why bond investors may want to ignore short-term concerns about an interest rate change.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Asset Allocation









Benefits of asset allocation funds


Asset class diversification
Disciplined, ongoing asset allocation
Managed to help meet your needs for income and growth potential





Why Fidelity asset allocation funds

Over 25 years of delivering innovative asset allocation strategies
Professionally-managed strategies provide ongoing diversification through underlying fixed income and equity building blocks
Dedicated research teams provide macroeconomic, quantitative and fundamental insights with broader access to Fidelity's research professionals

Fidelity’s asset allocation philosophy











Target Date

Fidelity Freedom® 2005 Fund (FFFVX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2010 Fund (FFFCX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2015 Fund (FFVFX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2020 Fund (FFFDX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2025 Fund (FFTWX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2030 Fund (FFFEX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2035 Fund (FFTHX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2040 Fund (FFFFX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2045 Fund (FFFGX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2050 Fund (FFFHX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2055 Fund (FDEEX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2060 Fund (FDKVX)

Fidelity Freedom® Income Fund (FFFAX)




Target Risk

Fidelity Asset Manager® 20% (FASIX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 30% (FTANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 40% (FFANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 50% (FASMX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 60% (FSANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 70% (FASGX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 85% (FAMRX)

Income and Real Return Strategies

Fidelity® Strategic Income Fund (FSICX)

Fidelity® Strategic Dividend & Income® Fund (FSDIX)

Fidelity® Strategic Real Return Fund (FSRRX)
Balanced Allocation

Fidelity Asset Manager® 60% (FSANX)

Fidelity® Balanced Fund (FBALX)

Fidelity® Global Balanced Fund (FGBLX)

Fidelity® Global Strategies Fund (FDYSX)

Fidelity® Puritan® Fund (FPURX)




Simplicity RMD Funds

Fidelity Simplicity RMD Income Fund (FIRNX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2005 Fund (FIRPX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2010 Fund (FIRRX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2015 Fund (FIRUX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2020 Fund (FIRWX)






Research all Fidelity asset allocation funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Retirement math


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four key guidelines to help you stay on track on your journey to retirement—your “someday.”
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





How can I make my savings last?


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Limit withdrawals to no more than 4% to 5% in the first year of retirement and adjust for inflation annually.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





6 habits of successful investors


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Planning, consistency, and sound fundamentals can improve results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Upside to down markets


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are five ways that may help take advantage of falling prices.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Index









Benefits of index funds


Generally lower management fees
Potentially more tax-efficient
Reduced portfolio turnover





Why Fidelity index funds

Nearly 30 years of experience managing index funds
Some of the least expensive index funds in the industry
Funds that track the most widely followed equity and fixed income indexes

Why Fidelity Index Funds











Domestic Stock
Fidelity® 500 Index Fund

Investor Class (FUSEX)
Premium Class (FUSVX)

Fidelity® Extended Market Index Fund

Investor Class (FSEMX)
Premium Class (FSEVX)

Fidelity® Mid Cap Index Fund

Investor Class (FSCLX)
Premium Class (FSCKX)

Fidelity® Small Cap Index Fund

Investor Class (FSSPX)
Premium Class (FSSVX)

Fidelity® U.S. Sustainability Index Fund

Investor Class (FENSX)
Premium Class (FPNSX)

Fidelity® Total Market Index Fund

Investor Class (FSTMX)
Premium Class (FSTVX)

Fidelity® Nasdaq® Composite Index Fund (FNCMX)
Fidelity® Large Cap Growth Index Fund

Investor Class (FSUIX)
Premium Class (FSUPX)

Fidelity® Large Cap Value Index Fund

Investor Class (FLCDX)
Premium Class (FLCHX)





International Stock
Fidelity® International Index Fund

Investor Class (FSIIX)
Premium Class (FSIVX)

Fidelity® Global ex US Index Fund

Investor Class (FSGUX)
Premium Class (FSGDX)

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Index Fund

Investor Class (FPEMX)
Premium Class (FPMAX)

Fidelity® International Sustainability Index Fund

Investor Class (FNIYX)
Premium Class (FNIRX)

Fidelity® Total International Index Fund

Investor Class (FTIGX)
Premium Class (FTIPX)

Speciality
Fidelity® Real Estate Index Fund

Investor Class (FRXIX)
Premium Class (FSRVX)

Fidelity® Four-in-One Index Fund (FFNOX)




Bond
Fidelity® U.S. Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FBIDX)
Premium Class (FSITX)

Fidelity® Short-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FSBIX)
Premium Class (FSBAX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FIBIX)
Premium Class (FIBAX)

Fidelity® Long-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FLBIX)
Premium Class (FLBAX)

Fidelity® Inflation-Protected Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FSIQX)
Premium Class (FSIYX)







Research all Fidelity index funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Active and passive


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How a mix of both approaches can suit an investor’s preferences.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Cost of investing


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Investing costs, including fees charged by funds, erode your returns over time. Here’s what you need to know.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Three myths of index funds


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Learn how actively managed mutual funds can help investors during volatile or down markets.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Shop smart


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Costs can really vary among seemingly similar passive investments such as ETFs and index funds. Learn how.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Money Market









Benefits of money market funds


Short maturities and minimal credit risk
Choice of either U.S. Treasury or government fund as the core position to handle trades and transactions in any type of account
Municipal funds potentially offer tax-exempt income for non-retirement accounts

How Fidelity is staying ahead of regulatory changes




Why Fidelity money market funds

Experience managing $400+ billion in assets for millions of customers1
Emphasis on stability and safety as first priorities for investors' assets
Broad set of choices to suit retirement and non-retirement investing goals

How Fidelity manages money market funds











Treasury and Government Money Market3

Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX)

Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZCXX)

Fidelity® Government Cash Reserves (FDRXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Class I (FIGXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Institutional Class (FRGXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Only - Class I (FSIXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Only - Institutional Class (FRSXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Class I (FISXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Institutional Class (FRBXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Trust Retirement Government Money Market II Portfolio (FRTXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Trust Retirement Government Money Market Portfolio (FGMXX)

Fidelity® Treasury Money Market Fund (FZFXX)

Fidelity® Treasury Only Money Market Fund (FDLXX)




State Municipal Money Market4

Retail Municipal

Fidelity® Arizona Municipal Money Market Fund (FSAXX)

Fidelity® California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSPXX)

Fidelity® California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FSBXX)

Fidelity® California Municipal Money Market Fund (FCFXX)

Fidelity® Connecticut Municipal Money Market Fund (FCMXX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FMSXX)

Fidelity Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FMAXX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts Municipal Money Market Fund (FDMXX)

Fidelity® Michigan Municipal Money Market Fund (FMIXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSJXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FSKXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey Municipal Money Market Fund (FNJXX)

Fidelity® New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSNXX)

Fidelity® New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FNKXX)

Fidelity® New York Municipal Money Market Fund (FNYXX)

Fidelity® Ohio Municipal Money Market Fund (FOMXX)

Fidelity® Pennsylvania Municipal Money Market Fund (FPTXX)




National Municipal Money Market4

Retail Municipal

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Tax Exempt - Class I (FTCXX)

Fidelity® Municipal Money Market Fund (FTEXX)

Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market (FMOXX)

Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZEXX)
Prime (General Purpose) Money Market

Retail Prime4

Fidelity® Investments Money Market - Money Market Portfolio - Class I (FMPXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market - Money Market Portfolio - Institutional Class (FNSXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Fund (SPRXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZDXX)
Institutional Prime5

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Prime Reserves Portfolio – CL I (FDPXX)

Fidelity® Investment Money Market Prime Reserves Portfolio – Institutional Class (FHPXX)






Research all Fidelity money market funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Seek more yield on cash


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are some ways to potentially boost the income from your cash.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Rising interest rates and you


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Your savings may earn a bit more if the Federal Reserve raises rates—but you may pay more to borrow money too.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Money market update


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How Fidelity responded to new U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regulations.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





4 ways to earn more on savings


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Some savings and investing options offer higher yields than a savings account—with potentially more risk.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Next steps







Explore Fidelity Fund Portfolios










Research all Fidelity Funds










Sign up for free Guest Access












Additional information


Learn more about mutual funds
Fidelity Fund Quarterly Commentary
Fidelity's High Income Capabilities (PDF)















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.







Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.


          * Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $5.6 trillion, including managed assets of $2.1 trillion as of September 30, 2016, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 24 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 20,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 10,000 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          1. Fidelity Management & Research Company and Fidelity Institutional Asset Management, as of 9/30/16. Data is unaudited. These figures reflect the resources of Fidelity Management & Research Company, a U.S. company, and its subsidiaries. Research professionals include portfolio managers, research analysts and research associates.
	
    

          2. Highly rated funds are defined as those funds that have a 4- or 5-Star Morningstar rating. For each fund, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar RatingTM metric each month by subtracting the return on a 90-day U.S. Treasury Bill from the fund's load-adjusted return for the same period, and then adjusting this excess return for risk. The top 10% of funds in each broad asset class receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) Although gathered from reliable sources, data completeness and accuracy cannot be guaranteed by Morningstar.
	
    

          3. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time. Fidelity's government and U.S. Treasury money market funds will not impose a fee upon the sale of your shares, nor temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's weekly liquid assets fall below 30% of its total assets because of market conditions or other factors.
	
    

          4. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund's sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          5. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Because the share price of the fund will fluctuate, when you sell your shares they may be worth more or less than what you originally paid for them. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund's sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


          Foreign securities are subject to interest rate, currency exchange rate, economic, and political risks, all of which are magnified in emerging markets.
	
    

The securities of smaller, less well known companies can be more volatile than those of larger companies.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible.



Indexes are unmanaged. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.



727360.14.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income & Real Return Strategy Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Strategic Funds are multi-asset-class strategies that seek to address key income needs—bond income from global sources, non-bond income from dividend-paying securities, and real return to help protect against inflation—by investing in a diversified mix of fixed income and/or equity investments chosen for their historical combined performance.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income Replacement Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Income Replacement FundsSM combine the power of professional asset management with professionally managed withdrawals to help turn part of your savings into regular monthly payments.*














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Target Risk Funds
                                                        

                                           








For investors who want a fund that maintains a target asset allocation that reflects the tolerance for risk with which they are comfortable. Funds contain a professionally managed allocation of stocks, bonds, and short-term investments.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Target Date Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Freedom® Funds, also called target date funds, are all-in-one investment strategies that can help take the guesswork out of building and maintaining an age-based retirement portfolio.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Balanced Allocation Funds
                                                        

                                           








World allocation funds invest in a wide range of asset classes, giving the manager the flexibility to pursue investment opportunities anywhere around the globe.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Corporate Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in bonds issued by corporations. The yields and risks are generally higher than those offered by government and most municipal bonds, and the income is subject to state and federal taxes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Diversified/Opportunistic Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest across a diverse range of fixed income sectors, including high yield securities, U.S. Government and investment-grade securities, emerging market securities and foreign developed market debt. Some funds may also invest a portion of the portfolio in equity securities.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Government Funds
                                                        

                                           








Government bond funds invest in bonds issued by the U.S. government and government-sponsored enterprises, as well as mortgage and other asset-backed securities.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           High Yield Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








High yield bond funds take higher risks with the goal of paying higher yields by investing primarily in securities that are either not rated, or have been rated below investment grade by the major ratings agencies—for taxable funds, BB and below.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           International Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








International bond funds invest in a range of taxable bonds issued by foreign governments and corporations.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Mortgage Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in securities backed by pools of mortgages issued by government agencies, banks, or other financial institutions.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Municipal – National Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in municipal bonds issued by various state and local governments. The income from these bonds is generally free from federal taxes, although a portion may be subject to state and local taxes, as well as the federal alternative minimum tax (AMT).














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Municipal – State Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest primarily in municipal bonds issued in a specific state. Each state-specific category includes long, intermediate, and short duration bond funds. The income from all state-specific funds is generally exempt from federal and state taxes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Short Duration Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Short duration bond funds can help you manage the impact of interest rate changes on your portfolio. They can also offer higher yields in comparison to cash investments. Our short duration funds have an average duration that's typically less than five years, and offer varying yields and levels of credit risk.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Diversifiers Funds
                                                        

                                           








These specialized strategies pursue specific and sometimes narrower opportunities and can come with a higher potential risk/reward ratio. They are often used as diversifiers within a well-balanced portfolio.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Go-Anywhere Funds
                                                        

                                           








Unconstrained by Morningstar categories, these funds can cast a wider net and have the flexibility to seek the best ideas anywhere in the market—regardless of market capitalization or style. .














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income-Oriented Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in stocks that pay dividends in line with or higher than the broader market. This strategy, known as equity income investing, can be an attractive alternative to bond investing as it seeks to offer greater protection against inflation as well as potential for capital appreciation.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Blend Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion. These funds invest in a combination of growth- and value-oriented stocks.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Growth Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe are poised for growth. Growth can be based on a variety of factors, such as revenue or earnings growth. Growth funds are typically focused on generating capital gains rather than income.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Value Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe have been undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Blend Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values below $10 billion. These funds invest in a combination of growth- and value-oriented stocks.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Growth Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values between $2 billion and $10 billion that fund managers believe are poised for growth. Growth can be based on a variety of factors, such as revenue or earnings growth. Growth funds are typically focused on generating capital gains rather than income.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Value Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values below $10 billion that fund managers believe are undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Bond Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to mirror the performance of an index such as the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index or the Barclays U.S. 1–5 Year Treasury Bond Index.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Domestic Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to mimic the performance of a major U.S. equity index, such as the S&P 500 or the Russell 2000 indexes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           International Stock Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to track the performance of well-known international equity indexes, such as the FTSE Emerging Index or the MSCI EAFE Index.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Speciality Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to track the performance of a narrow segment of the market such as precious metals. They can also employ a nontraditional investment approach like investing in a fund that tracks both equity and bond indexes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Core International Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in stocks issued by companies throughout the world, except for the U.S.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Emerging Markets Funds
                                                        

                                           








Focus on stocks issued by companies based in countries with less developed economies.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Global Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in stocks issued by companies around the world, including the U.S.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Regional & Single Country Funds
                                                        

                                           








Focus on a particular country or area of the world, such as Europe, Asia-Pacific, or Latin America.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           National Municipal Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes, and in some cases the alternative minimum tax.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           General Purpose (Prime) Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high‐quality, U.S. dollar‐denominated, short‐term taxable money market securities from government and private issuers, including corporations.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity general purpose (prime) money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           State Municipal Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes and may be exempt from state income taxes depending on your state of residence.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Treasury and Government Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in U.S. Treasury and other taxable U.S. government securities.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity U.S. Treasury and government money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Consumer Discretionary Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Consumer Discretionary sector manufacture goods or provide services that people want but, don't necessarily need, such as high-definition televisions, new cars, and family vacations.
Learn about consumer discretionary funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Consumer Staples Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Consumer Staples sector consists of companies that provide goods and services that people use on a daily basis, like food, clothing, or other personal products.
Learn about consumer staples funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Energy Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Energy sector consists of companies involved in the exploration, production, or management of energy resources such as oil, gas, and coal, as well as companies that service these industries.
Learn more about energy funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Financials Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Financials sector are engaged in businesses such as banking and brokerage, mortgage finance, insurance, or real estate development.
Learn more about financials funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Health Care Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Health Care sector includes companies engaged in the production and delivery of medicine and health care–related goods and services.
Learn more about health care funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Industrials Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Industrials sector includes companies that manufacture and distribute capital goods in support of industries such as aerospace and defense, construction and engineering, and electrical equipment and heavy machinery.
Learn more about industrial funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Information Technology Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Information Technology sector comprises companies that are engaged in the creation, storage, and exchange of digital information.
Learn more about information technology funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Materials Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Materials sector consists of companies that are engaged in the manufacturing or processing of chemicals and plastics, the harvesting of forests, or the extraction of metals and minerals.
Learn more about materials funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Real Estate Funds
                                                        

                                           








Real estate exposure can be obtained through a variety of different types of securities, including common stocks, bonds, preferred stocks, and securities of real estate investment trusts (REITs) and commercial mortgage backed securities (CMBs).
Learn more about real estate funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Telecommunications Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Telecommunications sector provide traditional fixed-line telephone, wireless, and data services. These companies can also be engaged in the designing, building, and servicing of communications devices and networks.
Learn more about telecommunications funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Utilities Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Utilities sector includes companies that engage in the production and delivery of electric power, natural gas, water, and other utility services, such as steam and cooled air.
Learn more about utilities funds























 










Mutual Funds Research | Fidelity Investments









Loading...














Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 













 You are here: 

Home »
Mutual Funds Research
























Mutual Funds Research


Search funds by name, symbol, family, or Top 10 Holding Find a mutual fund
										










									You need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser to access this content.
								







 Gathering Results


NEW - Organize and track your favorite funds with My Research. Get Started  .


SEARCH AND COMPARE FUNDS








Learn more














* Compared to Morningstar category average








MatchingFunds



























Questions?
800-343-3548

Instant message a representative



Why choose Fidelity?
Investing with Fidelity gives you access to over 10,000 funds from hundreds of fund companies, making it easy to find the right funds for any investment need.

Learn more about investing with Fidelity



Education

What are Mutual Funds?
Types of Mutual Funds



Learn More

My Research 
Fidelity funds daily prices
Browse Fidelity funds
Browse all Funds




























© 1998 – 2015 FMR LLC.
All rights reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map












 
















Fund Picks from Fidelity | Fidelity Investments







Loading...















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 
















 You are here: 

Home »
Research »
Mutual Funds »


























Fund Picks From Fidelity®



			You need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser to access this content.
			





Every quarter, we screen all funds available through Fidelity, including those managed by other fund companies, to provide you with a list of funds that meet our selection criteria.


Funds have no transaction fees*
Investment profiles are taken into account, including key features and investment minimums
Three-year performance history is tracked
Funds offer highest three-year risk-adjusted returns within Morningstar category








Search Fund Picks
































© 1998 – 2015 FMR LLC.
All rights reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map















Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























Mutual Funds


Mutual funds are a practical, cost-efficient way to build a diversified portfolio of stocks, bonds, or short-term investments. With nearly 70 years in the business, Fidelity offers the tools and experience to help you build an investment strategy that matches your investing style.
Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center








Fidelity mutual funds










Why choose Fidelity funds?

There's a reason we're a world leader in mutual funds1—our rich history, global research, and diverse investment capabilities.




Explore our fund offering

Take advantage of our global network of analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry.
Pricing, Distributions, and Shareholder Information
Year-End Fidelity Fund Distributions




Fidelity Fund Portfolios
                        
						                        
                                                       


						
							
Whether you want to pick your own funds or prefer the hands-off approach, we'll help you find a portfolio that makes the most sense for you.
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Income
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Diversified










 FEATURED INVESTING IDEA
Beating the benchmark

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Active management can help you respond quickly to market changes and maximize your return potential.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED SPOTLIGHT
Fidelity Simplicity RMD FundsSM

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Take the guesswork out of required minimum distributions (RMDs) for certain types of retirement accounts2 by pairing a professionally managed, age-appropriate asset allocation fund with our automated annual RMD withdrawal service.
			                                            
			                                        
												








All funds




Over 10,000 funds from Fidelity & other companies


Fidelity's FundsNetwork allows you to invest in mutual funds from hundreds of fund companies outside of Fidelity, including many available with no transaction fees.3 Explore your financial options by searching through our world class library of funds.



Explore all funds


Morningstar® highly rated funds
Fund Picks From Fidelity®











Featured Tool
Mutual Fund Evaluator4

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Search thousands of funds available through Fidelity. Easily filter and sort by performance criteria and fund characteristics.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED TRIAL
Guest Access

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Sign up for free Guest Access and experience the tools and resources only available to Fidelity customers.
			                                            
			                                        
												


















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.


Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.



Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



          1. Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $6.2 trillion, including managed assets of $2.2 trillion as of May 31, 2017, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 26 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 23,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 12,500 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          2. RMDs do not apply to investments in Roth IRAs or taxable accounts.
	
    

          3.
	
	
	       Other fees and expenses, including those which apply to a continued investment in the fund, are described in the fund's current prospectus. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, or its affiliates, receives compensation in connection with (i) access to, purchase or redemption of, and/or maintenance of positions in mutual funds and other investment products ("funds"), (ii) infrastructure needed to support such funds as well as additional compensation for shareholder services, start-up fees, infrastructure support and maintenance, and other programs and/or (iii) a fund's attendance at events for FBS's clients and/or representatives, and opportunities for the fund to promote its products and services. This compensation may take the form of sales loads and 12b-1 fees described in the prospectus and/or additional compensation paid by the fund, its investment adviser or an affiliate. Fidelity reserves the right to change the funds available without transaction fees and reinstate the fees on any funds. Fidelity will charge a short term trading fee each time you sell or exchange shares of FundsNetwork No Transaction Fee (NTF) funds held less than 60 days (short-term trade).


          4. The Fund Evaluator is provided to help self-directed investors evaluate mutual funds based on their own needs and circumstances. The criteria entered is at the sole discretion of the user and any information obtained should not be considered an offer to buy or sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any securities. You acknowledge that your requests for information are unsolicited and shall neither constitute, nor be considered as investment advice by Fidelity Brokerage Services, LLC., Fidelity Distributors Corporation, or their affiliates (collectively, "Fidelity").
	
    

          Please note: When comparing funds, please consider all important factors, including information pertaining to fund fees, fund features, and fund objectives. While funds may track an index, the indices and strategies employed in seeking to achieve an investment goal may be different. Each fund’s investment object and strategy and index tracked to achieve investment goals may differ. For new investors, funding investment minimums may be different.
	
    


727356.10.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 












Mutual funds - Investing in a mutual fund | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps







Mutual funds can help lower investing risks
Take some of the anxiety out of investing by letting a mutual fund do a little of the work for you.



EXPLORE ALL OUR MUTUAL FUNDS
Get a complete portfolio in one fund

Review a short list of Vanguard Select Funds™

Browse Vanguard funds by asset class


Give your money a chance to grow



Investing in mutual funds offers benefits you won't get from trading individual stocks and bonds on your own.




Less risk through more diversification
One mutual fund can invest in hundreds—sometimes thousands—of individual securities at once. So if any one security does poorly, the others are there to help offset that risk.
 




Lower costs
With a no-load mutual fund, you pay one (hopefully low) expense ratio—instead of racking up the commissions you'd pay when buying and selling individual securities yourself.
See how low-cost, no-load mutual funds are just the start 

Get details on fees & minimums for Vanguard mutual funds 

 




Professional management
You don't have to keep track of every security your mutual fund owns. The fund is managed by experts who take care of that for you.
 




Convenience
You can buy and sell mutual fund shares online or by phone and set up automatic investments and withdrawals.
 

Consider your mutual fund options








Choosing which Vanguard mutual funds to invest in can be as simple as picking one fund to do the work of an entire portfolio or as customized as building your portfolio from a variety of fund options.
Explore different types of mutual funds 

Get help & advice to narrow your options 

 




Once you've selected your funds, it's easy to open your account online.
See how easy it is to open an account

 





Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



INVESTOR EDUCATION

Define your goals & have a plan for achieving them

See how 9 model portfolios have performed in the past
WANT TO LEARN MORE?

Read more about what a mutual fund is

Get more basic mutual fund information





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.No-load mutual fund







A fund that charges no sales fees either on the front end (when you buy fund shares) or back end (when you sell fund shares).




Return to main page







Layer opened.Expense ratio







A mutual fund's annual operating expenses, expressed as a percentage of the fund's average net assets. It's calculated annually and removed from the fund's earnings before they're distributed to investors, directly reducing investors' returns.An expense ratio includes management, administrative, marketing, and distribution fees. It doesn't include loads or purchase or redemption fees.




Return to main page








	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss.
	Vanguard average expense ratio: 0.12%. Industry average expense ratio: 0.62%. All averages are asset-weighted. Industry averages exclude Vanguard. Sources: Vanguard and Morningstar, Inc., as of December 31, 2016.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01































Balanced mutual funds for asset allocation | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 




Choose your funds
 




Fund categories
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps








Vanguard balanced funds


100% of our low-cost balanced funds performed better than their peer-group averages over the past 10 years.*




Get a mix of stocks and bonds in one fund
Combine the potential for income and growth



Balanced mutual funds invest in both bonds, which focus primarily on income, and stocks, which aim for investment growth.

Add stability to your portfolio



The bond portion of the fund helps offset the risks associated with the stock portion—providing you with a "balanced" investment.

Automatically maintain your asset mix



You never have to rebalance a balanced fund—it's done for you automatically. Some funds maintain a set asset mix, while others grow more conservative over time.

Spread out your exposure to risk



By potentially holding hundreds—sometimes thousands—of bonds and stocks in a single balanced fund, you get more diversification than you would buying individual bonds and stocks.

How to choose a balanced fund



Picking a Vanguard balanced fund generally depends on whether you're investing for a specific goal, like retirement, or you have another goal in mind.

Target Retirement Funds



If you're investing for retirement, you can get a complete portfolio in a single fund with a Vanguard Target Retirement Fund. Simply choose a fund based on the date you plan to retire or your current age, and the fund will gradually grow more conservative the closer you get to retirement.
See which Target Retirement Fund fits your timeline


LifeStrategy Funds



If you'd prefer a fund that maintains a set asset mix, a LifeStrategy® Fund can help you reach other financial goals.
Match your risk tolerance to a LifeStrategy Fund


Managed Payout Fund



If you're looking to generate income in retirement, Vanguard Managed Payout Fund** might be appropriate for you.
Get income from the Managed Payout Fund


Traditional balanced funds



If you'd like a set asset allocation based on the level of risk you're comfortable with, choose from a variety of traditional index or actively managed balanced funds.
See a complete list of Vanguard balanced funds

Compare index funds vs. actively managed funds






Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



LEARN ABOUT OTHER FUND TYPES

Money market funds

Bond funds

Stock funds

International funds

Sector & specialty funds
NEED SOME GUIDANCE?

Get help & advice to narrow your options





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.Balanced mutual funds







Balanced mutual funds invest in stocks, bonds, and sometimes cash or other investments—all in a single fund.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Rebalancing







Rebalancing involves periodically buying and selling the stocks, bonds, cash, or other investments in your portfolio to maintain your original or desired mix of those assets.




Return to main page








footnote*For the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017, 23 of 23 Vanguard balanced funds outperformed their Lipper peer-group averages. Results will vary for other time periods. Only mutual funds and ETFs (exchange-traded funds) with a minimum 10-year history were included in the comparison. Source: Lipper, a Thomson Reuters Company. The competitive performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results. View fund performance
footnote**Vanguard Managed Payout Fund is protected by U.S. Patent Nos. 8,180,695 and 8,185,464.
	Investments in Target Retirement Funds are subject to the risks of their underlying funds. The year in the fund name refers to the approximate year (the target date) when an investor in the fund would retire and leave the workforce. The fund will gradually shift its emphasis from more aggressive investments to more conservative ones based on its target date. An investment in a Target Retirement Fund is not guaranteed at any time, including on or after the target date.
	Each LifeStrategy Fund invests in 4 broadly diversified Vanguard funds and is subject to the risks associated with those underlying funds.
	The Managed Payout Fund is not guaranteed to achieve its investment objectives, is subject to loss, and some of its distributions may be treated in part as a return of capital. The dollar amount of the fund's monthly cash distributions could go up or down substantially from one year to the next and over time. It is also possible for the fund to suffer substantial investment losses and simultaneously experience additional asset reductions as a result of its distributions to shareholders under its managed-distribution policy. An investment in the fund could lose money over short, intermediate, or even long periods of time because the fund allocates its assets worldwide across different asset classes and investments with specific risk and return characteristics. Diversification does not necessarily ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market. The fund is proportionately subject to the risks associated with its underlying funds, which may invest in stocks (including stocks issued by REITs), bonds, cash, inflation-linked investments, commodity-linked investments, long/short market-neutral investments, and leveraged absolute return investments.
	The Managed Payout Fund may not be appropriate for all investors. For example, depending on the time horizon, retirement income needs, and tax bracket, an investment in the Managed Payout Fund might not be appropriate for younger investors not currently in retirement, in IRAs or other tax-advantaged accounts for those investors under 59½, or for participants in employer-sponsored plans. Investors who hold the Managed Payout Fund within a tax-advantaged retirement account should consult their tax advisors to discuss tax consequences that could result if payments are distributed from their core account prior to age 59½ or if they plan to use the Managed Payout Fund, in whole or in part, to meet their required minimum distribution (RMD) obligations. Distributions from the Managed Payout Fund are unlikely to precisely match an investor's IRA RMD obligations. In addition, use of the Managed Payout Fund may be restricted in employer-sponsored plans by the terms of the governing plan documents and/or at the discretion of the plan administrator. Review the information carefully with your financial advisor before deciding whether the Managed Payout Fund is right for you.
	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01































Index funds | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 




Choose your funds
 




Index vs. active funds
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps







Index funds could help lower long-term costs
Get the high quality and low costs you'd expect from the company that introduced indexing to individual investors.
What are index mutual funds?



Instead of hiring fund managers to actively select which stocks or bonds the fund will hold, an index fund buys all (or a representative sample) of the securities in a specific index, like the S&P 500 Index.The goal of an index fund is to track the performance of a specific market benchmark as closely as possible. That's why you may hear it referred to as a "passively managed" fund.

Index funds offer built-in benefits








Low costs
Because index funds hold investments until the index itself changes, they generally have lower management and transaction costs.
 




Lower risk through broader diversification
Some index funds give you exposure to potentially thousands of securities in a single fund.
 




Tax efficiency
Broad index funds generally don't trade as much as actively managed funds might, so they're typically generating less taxable income, which reduces the drag on your investments.
 
Compare index funds vs. actively managed funds 

Could actively managed funds help you beat the market?

Read more about what you should consider when choosing an index fund


You can get an index fund anywhere—why Vanguard?








We started the indexing revolution
Vanguard launched the first index fund for individual investors in 1976, and we've been fine-tuning both our benchmark selections and tracking skills ever since.Today, we have more than 60 unique funds that track indexes across the bond and stock markets, both U.S. and international, as well as sector-specific areas of the markets.
See a complete list of Vanguard index funds 

 




We've made it our business to keep your costs low
The average Vanguard index fund expense ratio is 71% less than the industry average.*
See the difference low-cost mutual funds can make 

See how Admiral™ Shares help lower your costs even more 

 


Low-cost investing for everyone



Our passion for low costs will always be our driving force. When others take notice, expense ratios fall more broadly. Everyone wins!
Learn more about The Vanguard Effect™


How would index funds fit into your portfolio?



Because of their low costs, broader diversification, and tax efficiency, index funds could be appropriate for any portion of your portfolio. In fact, the right balance of four of our broadest index funds could give you a complete portfolio, with full exposure to U.S. and international stock and bond markets.Get details on:
Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund 

Vanguard Total International Bond Index Fund 

Vanguard Total Stock Market Index Fund 

Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund 
Need to figure out how much of your money to put into each of these funds? Start with your asset allocation—meaning, the combination of funds that could help you reach your goals.
Set your asset allocation with our investor questionnaire






Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



INTERESTED IN ETFs?
Choose from more than 60 Vanguard ETFs® covering the U.S. and international stock and bond markets as well as industry-specific sectors.
Experience the Vanguard ETF® advantage





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.Market benchmark







An unmanaged group of securities whose overall performance is used as a standard to measure investment performance.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Could actively managed funds help you beat the market?







Consider what's happened over the past 15 years1—only about 11% of active stock fund managers and 13% of active bond fund managers have outperformed their designated benchmarks.When you're trying to track the markets and not beat them, you can worry less about how accurate your predictions may be.




Active stock fund managers

				11% outperformed benchmarks.

				89% underperformed benchmarks.


 




Active bond fund managers

				13% outperformed benchmarks.

				87% underperformed benchmarks.


 




footnote1Sources: Vanguard calculations, using data from Morningstar, Inc. Based on funds' excess returns relative to their prospectus benchmark for the 15-year period ending December 31, 2016.



Return to main page







Layer opened.Asset allocation







The way an investment portfolio is divided among the broader asset classes of stocks, bonds, and short-term reserves. Also known as "asset mix."




Return to main page








footnote*Vanguard average index fund expense ratio: 0.08%. Industry average index fund expense ratio: 0.28%. Vanguard average expense ratio: 0.12%. Industry average expense ratio: 0.62%. All averages are asset-weighted. Industry averages exclude Vanguard. Sources: Vanguard and Morningstar, Inc., as of December 31, 2016.
	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market. Bond funds are subject to the risk that an issuer will fail to make payments on time and that bond prices will decline because of rising interest rates or negative perceptions of an issuer's ability to make payments. Investments in stocks issued by non-U.S. companies are subject to risks including country/regional risk, which is the chance that political upheaval, financial troubles, or natural disasters will adversely affect the value of securities issued by companies in foreign countries or regions; and currency risk, which is the chance that the value of a foreign investment, measured in U.S. dollars, will decrease because of unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates. Funds that concentrate on a relatively narrow market sector face the risk of higher share-price volatility. Past performance is no guarantee of future returns. The performance of an index is not an exact representation of any particular investment, as you cannot invest directly in an index.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01































No-load mutual funds | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps







Low-cost, no-load funds are just the start
Get the most for your money: low costs, diligent fund management, and exceptional service.
What you can expect from Vanguard no-load mutual funds








We keep your investing costs low
The average Vanguard no-load mutual fund expense ratio is 83% less than the industry average.*What does that mean for you? When less is taken out of your funds' earnings to cover expenses, more stays in your account—where it belongs.
See the difference low-cost mutual funds can make

See how Admiral™ Shares help lower your costs even more

Get details on fees & minimums for Vanguard mutual funds

 




We have a track record of competitive long-term performance
94% of Vanguard no-load mutual funds performed better than their peer-group averages over the past 10 years.**
Explore different types of mutual funds

 




We hire top mutual fund managers
If you're looking for index funds, look no further. Our Equity Investment and Fixed Income Groups have the experience and expertise you'd expect from the company that launched the first index fund for individual investors.
Learn how index funds could help lower long-term costs
You can also check out our wide selection of actively managed funds. We complement our in-house teams with portfolio managers from around the world, chosen based on their expertise in specific areas of the markets.
Find out if actively managed funds could help you beat the market

 

Want an outside opinion?



Money magazine named 17 Vanguard funds on its "Money 50" list—more than any other fund company.
Find out which Vanguard funds made the list***


What you can expect every day as a Vanguard client








The help you need, when you need it
Whether you're handling day-to-day account management tasks or taking an in-depth look at your portfolio, you can count on the high-quality service you'd expect from an industry leader.
Get help & advice to narrow your options

 




Opportunities for higher levels of personal attention
As your account grows, you can look forward to decreasing costs and increasing levels of personalization and advice.
See what you get as a Voyager or Flagship Services client

 




All the investment flexibility you want
Interested in expanding your portfolio beyond Vanguard mutual funds? With a Vanguard Brokerage Account, you can choose from more than 60 Vanguard ETFs®, gain access to more than 14,000 non-Vanguard mutual funds, or complement your portfolio with individual stocks, bonds, and certificates of deposit (CDs).
Experience the Vanguard ETF® advantage

Invest in stocks, bonds, CDs & funds from other companies

 





Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



PAYING TOO MUCH FOR OTHER FUNDS?

Compare a non-Vanguard fund with a similar Vanguard fund
WANT TO LEARN MORE?

Get more basic mutual fund information





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.Expense ratio







A mutual fund's annual operating expenses, expressed as a percentage of the fund's average net assets. It's calculated annually and removed from the fund's earnings before they're distributed to investors, directly reducing investors' returns.An expense ratio includes management, administrative, marketing, and distribution fees. It doesn't include loads or purchase or redemption fees.




Return to main page








footnote*Vanguard average mutual fund expense ratio: 0.12%. Industry average expense ratio: 0.69%. All averages are asset-weighted. Industry averages exclude Vanguard. Sources: Vanguard and Morningstar, Inc., as of December 31, 2016.
footnote**For the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017, 9 of 9 Vanguard money market funds, 51 of 54 Vanguard bond funds, 23 of 23 Vanguard balanced funds, and 99 of 107 Vanguard stock funds—for a total of 182 of 193 Vanguard funds—outperformed their Lipper peer-group average. Results will vary for other time periods. Only mutual funds with a minimum 10-year history were included in the comparison. Source: Lipper, a Thomson Reuters Company. The competitive performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results. View fund performance
footnote***The "Money 50" list published in the January/February 2017 Investor's Guide of Money magazine is based on mutual funds and ETFs that are low-cost and produce long-term returns that match or beat their benchmarks. Past performance cannot be used to predict future returns. Fund share prices will fluctuate, so investors could lose money if they sell when prices have fallen.
You must buy and sell Vanguard ETF Shares through a broker like Vanguard Brokerage Services (we offer them commission-free) or through another broker (you may incur commissions). See the Vanguard Brokerage Services commission and fee schedules for limits. Vanguard ETF Shares aren't redeemable directly with the issuing fund other than very large aggregations worth millions of dollars. Like stocks, ETFs are subject to market volatility. When buying or selling an ETF, you'll pay or receive the current market price, which may be more or less than net asset value.

	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01























U.S. Trust - Investment Management




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Investment Management
Insights, Strategies and Solutions
Our experienced professionals have expertise in a broad spectrum of traditional, alternative and non-financial assets.  We can work with you to develop and manage a portfolio tailored to your needs.






Portfolio Consulting
A collaborative dialogue with your portfolio manager
Your portfolio manager is a key member of your U.S. Trust relationship team and serves as your personal "chief investment officer." He or she will work with you to create an Investment Policy Statement, which serves as a blueprint for your portfolio by documenting your:

Objectives
Risk tolerance
Cash flow needs
 Tax situation
Wealth aspirations

Your portfolio manager's ongoing role is to incorporate our best strategic and tactical thinking, most relevant research analysis, current market insights and appropriate investment solutions into your portfolio. He or she will regularly monitor your portfolio to make sure it conforms to your Investment Policy Statement, which will be updated whenever there are significant changes in your life or goals.
Asset management
A more complete approach to asset allocation1
We analyze a wide range of asset classes, including hedge and private equity funds2 and global investment opportunities, as potential components of an asset allocation. In addition, we believe that true diversification requires managing for cash flows across and within asset classes in various market environments — not simply allocating according to a grid.
Your asset allocation will be based on the long-term expectations established for each asset class by our most senior investment professionals. Over the shorter term, however, your portfolio manager can adjust your portfolio tactically in response to emerging opportunities and risks, and reflecting U.S. Trust insights about trends and themes relevant to you.
How you own your assets — personally or in trusts; in taxable or tax-exempt solutions — can have a material impact on the overall performance of your portfolio. At U.S. Trust we focus on this wealth structuring aspect of your portfolio in conjunction with managing the assets themselves.
Alternative Investments
SOPHISTICATED SOLUTIONS TO MEET YOUR NEEDS2
Alternative investments at U.S. Trust focus on non-traditional assets such as:

Hedge funds
Private equity
Real estate and tangible assets

Because performance is often differentiated from equity and fixed income markets, alternative investments may be an ideal complement to traditional investments. 
Through our access to the industry's premier managers, we are able to offer solutions that provide options for all client segments. And we support you every step of the way with knowledge built on our experience in alternatives, including industry-leading research, rigorous due diligence, and cutting-edge portfolio construction.
Drawing from the experience, resources and expertise of the firm, you and your portfolio manager can explore alternative investments that can help you pursue what matters most to you.
Specialty asset management
Expertise in nonfinancial assets3
Specialty asset management at U.S. Trust focuses on nonfinancial assets such as:

Farm and ranch land
Timberland
Oil and gas properties
Private businesses
Real estate

Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist, as appropriate, to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
We can help you realize your objectives with assets you already own, or help you acquire specific assets to take advantage of their capital growth and diversification potential — whether you own these assets outright or they are held in trust.
Our team of specialists can provide complete turnkey services including identifying and purchasing real property and providing ongoing management.
Capital markets
Sophisticated market-linked solutions4
Through our access to the resources of Merrill Lynch, one of the world's leading capital markets participants, we can tailor approaches to risks and opportunities in the foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity and equity markets. Derivative-based transactions target the risks you seek to hedge, and are designed to dovetail with your overall portfolio and wealth management strategies.

1 Asset allocation and diversification do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
2 Alternative Investments such as derivatives, hedge funds, private equity funds, and funds of funds can result in higher return potential but also higher loss potential. Changes in economic conditions or other circumstances may adversely affect your investments. Before you invest in alternative investments, you should consider your overall financial situation, how much money you have to invest, your need for liquidity, and your tolerance for risk. Alternative investments are speculative and involve a high degree of risk.
3 Nonfinancial assets, such as closely-held businesses, real estate, oil, gas and mineral properties, and timber, farm and ranch land, are complex in nature and involve risks including total loss of value.  Special risk considerations include natural events (for example, earthquakes or fires), complex tax considerations, and lack of liquidity.  Nonfinancial assets are not suitable for all investors.  Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager, and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax, or estate planning strategy.
4 Brokerage services are provided by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, a registered broker-dealer, Member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
Certain U.S. Trust associates are registered representatives with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S") and may assist you with investment products and services provided through MLPF&S and other nonbank investment affiliates. MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp."). U.S. Trust operates through Bank of America, N.A., and other subsidiaries of BofA Corp.
AR-ARY4G4DX-EXP-2017.06.17 






Videos:


Investment Management




Portfolio Construction



Fixed Income Solutions



Specialty Asset Manangement

View More Videos






You Might Also Be Interested In:

Wealth Structuring
Credit & Banking
Family Wealth Services
Specialty Asset Management
Institutional Investment Management
Philanthropy



Read Some of Our Latest Thinking

A Transforming World


Impact Investing




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)




   







U.S. Trust - Our Latest Thinking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login

























Our Latest Thinking











Identifying the main drivers of long-term change is key to investment success in the 21st century. We believe we are at the beginning of a secular growth phase for the U.S. economy driven largely by the rebalancing of global growth from the developed to the developing world. We focus on the long-term drivers, the macro forces and investment themes at play across industries that are taking us into the next growth cycle.
Learn More






2017 Mid-Year ISO: The Tortoise and the Hare Cycle

Learn More









2017 U.S. Trust Insights on Wealth and Worth®
Our Survey results reveal common success traits that create a picture of modern day wealth in America.
Learn More









Reaping What We Compute
The Future of Technology in Agriculture
Learn More






Making It Your Mission
What values drive and inform your giving?
Learn More






Estate Administration in the Digital Era
Modern technology and antiquated statutes can present estate administrators with unexpected challenges.
Learn More






Highlights from the 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of HNW Philanthropy
Our study reveals a passion for philanthropy but also uncertainty about the impact.
Watch The Video






Capital Acumen Issue 32
 The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






Art in a New World
The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as a part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






The Growing Adoption of Wind Power
 The wind power industry is expected to deliver rapid job growth over the next decade.
Learn More






THE OWNER'S EMOTIONAL JOURNEY
 Lessons Learned Before, During and After the Sale of a Business 
Learn More






2017 Viewpoint: Shifting winds
Navigating Uncertainty with Specialty Assets
Learn More






Market Insights You Can Act On
Having the ability to have a pulse on what's going on around the world is absolutely critical.
Watch The Video









Alternative Energy: Powering a Brighter Future
Conventional sources are expected to continue to dominate the energy mix as the world moves toward a low-carbon economy
Learn More






Technology Is Disrupting Everything—Even Sneakers
CIO Chris Hyzy looks at game-changing innovation across industries and the often unexpected investment opportunities it's creating
Watch The Video






Sci-Fi M.D.: Moore's Law Meets the Hippocratic Oath
With technology generating futuristic advances, look for investment opportunities within healthcare — and beyond
Learn More






The Ripple Effect of Brexit
The repercussions of the UK's vote point to an uncertain future across the Eurozone and elsewhere.
Learn More






New Administration, New Realities for Investors
Optimism about the impact of President Trump's potentially pro-growth policies accelerates tectonic shifts in the markets.
Learn More






Five Investment Themes for 2017
Global equity markets are ending the year on a high note with solid gains for the fourth quarter so far in the U.S., Europe and Japan.
Learn More






PRESIDENT TRUMP: WHAT HIS TAX PROPOSALS COULD MEAN FOR YOU
Mitch Drossman discusses what tax-planning steps individuals and corporations should consider.
Watch The Video






The 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of High Net Worth Philanthropy 
Who's Giving to Which Causes and Why
Read More






Don't Fight the Fed
Despite unfavorable predictions from many economists, a stable dollar and the Federal Reserve's cautious stance seem to have staved off a global recession.
Read More






Investing in Iran: Roses or Thorns?
 In a nation newly open to foreign commerce, we find an abundance of investment opportunities — and caveats
Read More






In Conversation With Jane McGonigal
Shall we play a game? The author and video game designer talks time, gaming and the future.
Read More






IMPACT INVESTING: PEOPLE, THE PLANET AND PROFIT
As Impact Investing Comes Of Age, Investors Can Finally Seek a Better World and Return on Investment.
Learn More






Can China's Economy Bounce Back
DeAnne Steele on the depreciation of the yuan, the changing focus of the Chinese economy, and what it all means for investors.
Read More







Business Owners: You, Your Family, and Your Business
Working with a global financial services company helps enable you to address — and simplify — both your business and personal financial lives.

Learn More  







 KEEPING PENSION FUNDING GOALS IN SIGHT
This white paper investigates the use of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) in pension funding strategies.
Learn More 






Investing for Maximum Impact
Today's investors are using their portfolios to change the world-without losing return potential
Learn More




 



Addressing Memory and Your Family
There is no cure for cognitive decline, but we have a partial solution: being prepared for the unexpected.
Watch The Video






Rebuilding America: The Road Ahead
U.S. roads and highways, bridges and power grids, and other critical infrastructure have fallen into dangerous disrepair.
Learn More






Timberland as a Sustainable Investment
Timberland offers an opportunity to pursue both—an environmentally sensitive investment platform and financial advantages.
Learn More







Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, highlights why women are growing into an economic superpower
Learn More







Women and Climate Change
Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, describes how women may be especially vulnerable to the effects of climate change
Learn More






Direct Real Estate Investing
Commercial real estate offers the potential for attractive yields, capital appreciation and valuable tax benefits.
Learn More






A fixed income investment approach designed to optimize after-tax yield and after-tax total return
Learn More






Experiences shared and lessons learned from entrepreneurs who successfully sold or transferred their businesses to family members.
Learn More









Intelligent Outsourcing
This white paper examines when the outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO) arrangement may be appropriate for an organization.
Learn More






The Power of Positive Teaching
Educating children about the responsibilities of wealth can help keep them wealth-smart.
Learn More





Mitch Drossman, U.S. Trust's national director of wealth planning strategies, discusses the midterm election results, their possible legislative impact, and the implications from a tax-planning perspective.
Watch The Video












Specialty Asset Management
Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
Learn More






Transitioning America's Farmland
It's clear that over the next decade or so, much of America's farmland — now held or farmed by an aging generation — will need to be transitioned.
Learn More






From Best Practices to Next Practices
In search of long-term and sustained philanthropic impact.
Learn More






Making Specialty Asset Gifts Work for Your Organization
Without the proper planning, accepting gifts of real assets today can lead to unexpected and potentially costly consequences. Are you prepared?
Learn More






Women and Girls Equality Strategy
By applying a gender lens, investors can align their portfolios with the goal of supporting gender equality while seeking a market rate of return.
Learn More






The more successful and established entrepreneurs become, the more likely they are to want a more formal mechanism for giving.
Learn More






Family Wealth Services
Our comprehensive, values-based approach to meeting the wealth management needs of our clients and their families.
Learn More






The ElderCare Planning Program
We are committed to addressing the wealth management needs of our clients and their aging families.
Learn More






Personalized Banking and Credit
Your banking and credit needs deserve the same level of expertise as your investments.
Learn More






Customized Aviation Financing
Developing a financing strategy for your aircraft.
Learn More






Financial Empowerment
Prepare your children for the important financial opportunities that lie ahead.
Learn More






Financing a special and unique asset.
Learn More



 






 







Filter By:





Capabilities


Show All
Investment Management
Wealth Structuring and Planning
Credit & Banking




Topics


Show All

Tax Planning
Trusts and Estates
Non-Financial Assets
Philanthropy










Back to Top




AR-ARTPRMPV-EXP-2018.02.7























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)



   







U.S. Trust - Credit and Banking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Credit and Banking
Financing and Liquidity Solutions
With our wide array of credit and banking capabilities, we can build a custom credit solution that works for you.






Custom credit
Sophisticated solutions for your credit needs1
Your financial strength allows you to use credit strategically to create and benefit from unique financial opportunities. We can provide financing solutions to help meet immediate short and long-term needs plus specialty financing options when your borrowing need is to acquire assets, including:

Yachts
Aircraft
Fine art
Investor commercial real estate
Hedge funds
Concentrated or restricted stock positions
Recreational real estate


Customized credit solutions can also play a crucial role in implementing your trust and wealth transfer strategies.
Private Client Line2
A flexible line of credit, secured by your investment management accounts at U.S. Trust. The Private Client Line is designed to help you meet liquidity needs and enhance your cash flow without depleting cash reserves or compromising your investment strategy.

Private Client Line 

Liquidity services
Simplified banking and enhanced convenience
A key component of your overall financial strategy should include cash management. At U.S. Trust, we offer traditional banking solutions and services designed to help you:

Manage traditional everyday liquidity
Maximize access and convenience to your funds
Generate competitive returns on your deposit balances

Your client team will develop a tailored financial strategy to help meet your short-term liquidity needs as well as your longer-term personal and financial goals.
Real estate finance
A strategic approach to structuring transactions
The right mortgage can not only meet your residential real estate needs, but can be a cornerstone of managing your wealth. You will be advised by a team of specialists who understand substantial real estate transactions and the importance of personalized loan structures. From traditional or customized mortgages to home equity lines of credit, we will work to find the right solution to help meet your needs.
Financial management tools
Sophisticated and secure account management services
Monitor and manage your U.S. Trust accounts at any time using our sophisticated and secure online and mobile3 banking capabilities. You can also view your accounts at other financial institutions4 and transfer funds from them into your U.S. Trust accounts.
If you own a small business, simplify your business banking and management through our powerful account management service. In addition to these everyday banking services, U.S. Trust offers special resources to families with particularly complex wealth needs and ownership structures.

1 Bank of America, N.A. and its affiliates do not serve in a fiduciary capacity when offering or providing any type of credit solution.
2 The Private Client Line is offered by U.S. Trust and not by or through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated. Credit is subject to approval. Normal credit standards apply.
3 You must first enroll in Online Banking and set up Transfers and Bill Pay. Wireless carrier fees may apply.
4 To view accounts from another financial institution, you must have online access set up with that institution.
Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Banking & Mortgage products are provided by Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC.
AR-ARJKLDHJ-EXP-2017.12.14






Videos:


Art as a Source of Liquidity



Leveraging Your Art Collection








You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Wealth Structuring
Family Wealth Services
Specialty Asset Management
Philanthropy



Read Some of Our Latest Thinking

Personalized Banking and Credit
Aviation Financing
Customized Marine Financing
Fine Art Lending




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)




   







U.S. Trust - Wealth Structuring




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Wealth Structuring
Preservation and Transfer
Your wealth plan is designed to provide you and your family with thoughtful and innovative solutions customized to the financial and personal complexities of your life.  We bring you knowledge, experience and expertise across the broad range of wealth structuring disciplines.






Wealth Planning
Integrating your personal and financial affairs
By thinking holistically about all aspects of your wealth, we develop customized strategies to help pursue your unique goals. Wealth structuring can help you address issues including:

The cash flow required to help meet your lifestyle
The investments needed to help meet long-range objectives 
The most effective way to pursue estate planning goals 
The tax implications of the many aspects of managing and transferring your wealth

Trusts and Estates
Shaping your legacy and transferring your wealth
For more than two centuries, U.S. Trust has been helping many of America's wealthiest families build estate plans and implement wealth transfer strategies. Your team can work with you to build a sound estate plan that may help you:

Control the transfer of wealth to those you care about
Fulfill important philanthropic commitments
Reduce estate taxes
Maintain your privacy
Protect assets from creditors and other third parties

We can help you and your attorney establish trusts to provide financial security for your spouse or partner, pass assets to future generations and charities and reduce estate taxes, as well as provide for financial and investment management during your lifetime. We bring our extensive knowledge and experience to bear in helping clients manage their trusts whether we are serving as agent for trustee or corporate trustee.
Philanthropy
Making your charitable giving more fulfilling and effective
We offer you personal support and an array of tools to help you and your family assess your charitable goals, values and interests. Your philanthropic specialist can then help you understand a range of important considerations, including how to:

Implement your plan
Identify the best-qualified grant recipients
Monitor the impact of your efforts

We can help you design and implement a philanthropic strategy that helps you fulfill your values-based commitments in a way that is consistent with your lifestyle.
Learn more about Philanthropy at U.S. Trust
Custody Services
Benefiting from the experience of dedicated custody specialists
U.S. Trust is the custodian of choice for many sophisticated investors with extensive and complex holdings. Whether you manage your own portfolio or work with multiple brokers and investment managers, we can structure a personalized custody program that simplifies portfolio and trade monitoring and helps meet your specific safekeeping, service and information needs.

Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Bank of America, N.A. and the U.S. Trust Company of Delaware (collectively the "Bank") do not serve in a fiduciary capacity with respect to all products or services. Fiduciary standards or fiduciary duties do not apply, for example, when the Bank is offering or providing credit solutions, banking, custody or brokerage products/services or referrals to other affiliates of the Bank.
AR-AR7F755H-EXP-2018.05.09






Videos:
 
The Role of a Fiduciary

 
Wealth Planning

 
Agent For Fiduciary

 
Eldercare Planning Services

 
Financial Empowerment

 
Private Philanthropy Services

View More Videos 





You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Credit & Banking
Tax Planning
Family Wealth Services
THE FAMILY OFFICE DECISION
Philanthropy
Comprehensive Services For Auto Dealership Owners




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)




   









 





Product/Fund Performance & Regulatory Documents - MassMutual




















































MassMutual
Log In
Logout

























 



Product/Fund Performance & Regulatory Documents
Get monthly/quarterly performance, fact sheets, summary prospectuses, prospectuses, and annual/semiannual reports.











Select product or fund type:






Select product or fund type:




Annuities (variable)





MassMutual Transitions Select (SM) II


MassMutual Capital Vantage®


MassMutual Transitions Select (SM) (no longer sold)


MassMutual Evolution (SM) (no longer sold)


MassMutual Artistry


MassMutual RetireEase Select (SM) (no longer sold)


MassMutual Equity Edge (SM) (no longer sold)


Panorama Passage® (no longer sold)


MassMutual Transitions® (no longer sold)


Panorama Premier (no longer sold)


Flex Extra (no longer sold)


Panorama® (no longer sold)


Panorama Plus (no longer sold)


LifeTrust (no longer sold)







Executive Benefits





MassMutual Electrum (SM) (SL18)


Strategic Group Variable Universal Life® II (SGVUL II)


Strategic Group Variable Universal Life® (SGVUL)


Strategic Variable Life® Plus (SL10)


Strategic Variable Life® (SL9)


Large Case Variable Life Plus® (SL6)







Life Insurance (variable)





Variable Universal Life III (VUL III)


VUL Guard (SM)


Survivorship VUL Guard (SM)


Variable Universal Life II (VUL II)


Survivorship Variable Universal Life II (SVUL II)


Variable Universal Life (VUL)


Survivorship Variable Universal Life (SVUL)


Variable Life Select (VLS)


Variable Life Plus (VLP)


Variable Life (VLI)


The Blue Chip Company's Variable Universal Life (BCVUL)







MML Series Investment Fund*





MML Aggressive Allocation Fund


MML American Funds® Core Allocation Fund


MML American Funds® Growth Fund


MML American Funds® International Fund


MML Balanced Allocation Fund


MML Blue Chip Growth Fund


MML Conservative Allocation Fund


MML Equity Income Fund


MML Equity Index Fund


MML Focused Equity Fund


MML Foreign Fund


MML Fundamental Growth Fund


MML Fundamental Value Fund


MML Global Fund


MML Growth Allocation Fund


MML Growth & Income Fund (ClassI)


MML Income & Growth Fund


MML International Equity Fund


MML Large Cap Growth Fund


MML Managed Volatility Fund


MML Mid Cap Growth Fund


MML Mid Cap Value Fund


MML Moderate Allocation Fund


MML Small Cap Growth Equity Fund


MML Small Company Value Fund


MML Small/Mid Cap Value Fund


MML Total Return Bond







MML Series Investment Fund II*





MML Asset Momentum Fund


MML Blend Fund


MML Dynamic Bond Fund


MML Equity Fund


MML Equity Rotation Fund


MML High Yield Fund


MML Inflation-Protected and Income Fund


MML Managed Bond Fund


MML Short-Duration Bond Fund


MML Small Cap Equity Fund


MML Special Situations Fund


MML Strategic Emerging Markets Fund


MML U.S. Government Money Market Fund







MassMutual Premier Funds**





Premier Balanced Fund


Premier Core Bond Fund


Premier Disciplined Growth Fund


Premier Disciplined Value Fund


Premier Diversified Bond Fund


Premier Global Fund


Premier High Yield Fund


Premier Inflation-Protected and Income Fund


Premier International Equity Fund


Premier Main Street Fund


Premier Short Duration Bond Fund


Premier Small Cap Opportunities Fund


Premier Strategic Emerging Markets Fund


Premier U.S. Government Money Market Fund


Premier Value Fund







MassMutual Select Funds**





MM MSCI EAFE® International Index Fund


MM RetireSMART 2010 Fund


MM RetireSMART 2015 Fund


MM RetireSMART 2020 Fund


MM RetireSMART 2025 Fund


MM RetireSMART 2030 Fund


MM RetireSMART 2035 Fund


MM RetireSMART 2040 Fund


MM RetireSMART 2045 Fund


MM RetireSMART 2050 Fund


MM RetireSMART 2055 Fund


MM RetireSMART 2060 Fund


MM RetireSMART Conservative Fund


MM RetireSMART Growth Fund


MM RetireSMART In Retirement Fund


MM RetireSMART Moderate Fund


MM RetireSMART Moderate Growth Fund


MM Russell 2000® Small Cap Index Fund


MM S&P® 500 Index Fund


MM S&P® Mid Cap Index Fund


Select Blackrock Global Allocation Fund


Select Blue Chip Growth Fund


Select Diversified Value Fund


Select Equity Opportunities Fund


Select Fundamental Growth Fund


Select Fundamental Value Fund


Select Growth Opportunities Fund


Select Large Cap Value Fund


Select Mid Cap Growth Fund


Select Mid Cap Value Fund


Select Overseas Fund


Select Small Cap Growth Equity Fund


Select Small Cap Value Equity Fund


Select Small Company Growth Fund


Select Small Company Value Fund


Select Strategic Bond Fund


Select Total Return Bond Fund







MassMutual IRA 














View information on our Electronic Delivery Program



Looking for retirement plan (i.e., 401k) performance? Log in to RetireSmartSM 






Related Information



Holdings within funds in MML Series Investment Fund and MML Series Investment Fund II (PDF)


Holdings for the MassMutual Premier Funds and MassMutual Select Funds (PDF)


Proxy voting record for holdings within funds in MML Series Investment Fund and MML Series Investment Fund II


Proxy voting record for the MassMutual Premier Funds and MassMutual Select Funds


MassMutual Select Funds Information Statement (PDF)


Portfolio Holdings Disclosures for the MML U.S. Government Money Market Fund (PDF)


Portfolio Holdings Disclosures for the MassMutual Premier U.S. Government Money Market Fund (PDF)


Statistical Information for the MML U.S. Government Money Market Fund


Statistical Information for the MassMutual Premier U.S. Government Money Market Fund


Provision of Financial Support to MML U.S. Government Money Market Fund (PDF)


Information regarding reduced sales charges for Class A shares of the MassMutual Premier Funds and MassMutual Select Funds (PDF)


Compensation Arrangements









Please call 1-888-309-3539 or email fundinfo@massmutual.com to report problems accessing the underlying fund summary prospectuses, prospectuses, and annual/semiannual reports (“disclosure documents”), problems with saving or printing these online disclosure documents, and/or any other technological issues that may arise related to viewing the online fund disclosure documents.
* These funds are underlying funds of MassMutual's variable life and variable annuity products and are not available for retail sale.
** These funds are only available for sale to retirement plans and other eligible institutional investors. They are not available for retail sale. To obtain the most recent quarterly Due Diligence Report or other information available for any of the MassMutual Premier and MassMutual Select Funds, please contact RS Investment Performance and Reporting.
Sales of all variable annuity and variable life insurance products must be preceded or accompanied by the current prospectuses for the products and their investment choices, which contain more information on charges, expenses, risks, and investment objectives. Please read them carefully before you invest or send money. These prospectuses are available through the above links. Contact your registered representative if you have any questions.
Insurance products issued by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual) (Springfield, MA 01111-0001) and its subsidiaries, C.M. Life Insurance Company and MML Bay State Life Insurance Company (Enfield, CT 06082).
Principal Underwriters: MML Distributors, LLC (MMLD) and MML Investors Services, LLC (MMLIS), Members SIPC® (www.SIPC.org), and MML Strategic Distributors, LLC (MSD). MMLD, MMLIS and MSD, all Members FINRA (www.FINRA.org), are subsidiaries of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, Springfield, MA 01111-0001.











Close
















 





MassMutual Artistry - MassMutual




















































MassMutual
Log In
Logout





























Product Performance Listing Page
MassMutual Artistry










Underlying Fund Disclosure Documents1: Select any fund name below to view the fund’s Summary Prospectus (if available), Prospectus, Statement of Additional Information, Annual/Semiannual Reports, or additional information if noted.
Please note that any fund summary prospectuses, and hyperlinks provided between the summary prospectuses and other fund documents, are provided here for the convenience of MassMutual's customers. Additional information about a fund, including the information a fund is required to make available to you in connection with its use of a summary prospectus, can be found at the website address provided in each summary prospectus.





AIM Variable Insurance Funds (Invesco Variable Insurance Funds)




Invesco V.I. Diversified Dividend Fund (Series I) 

Invesco V.I. Global Health Care Fund (Series I) 

Invesco V.I. Technology Fund (Series I) 



Fidelity® Variable Insurance Products Fund




Fidelity® VIP Contrafund® Portfolio (Initial Class) 



MML Series Investment Fund




MML Aggressive Allocation Fund (Initial Class) 

MML American Funds® Core Allocation Fund (Service Class I) 

MML American Funds® Growth Fund (Service Class I) 

MML American Funds® International Fund (Service Class I) 

MML Balanced Allocation Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Blue Chip Growth Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Conservative Allocation Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Equity Income Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Equity Index Fund (Class I) 

MML Focused Equity Fund (Service Class I) 

 - MML Focused Equity Fund Information Statement (PDF) 

MML Foreign Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Fundamental Growth Fund (Service Class I) 

MML Fundamental Value Fund (Service Class I) 

MML Global Fund (Class I) 

MML Growth Allocation Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Growth and Income Fund - Class I 

MML Income & Growth Fund (Initial Class) 

MML International Equity Fund (Service Class I) 

MML Large Cap Growth Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Managed Volatility Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Mid Cap Growth Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Mid Cap Value Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Moderate Allocation Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Small Cap Growth Equity Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Small/Mid Cap Value Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Small Company Value Fund (Service Class I) 

MML Total Return Bond Fund (Service Class I) 



MML Series Investment Fund II




MML Blend Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Equity Fund (Initial Class) 

MML High Yield Fund (Service Class I) 

MML Inflation-Protected & Income Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Managed Bond Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Short-Duration Bond Fund (Service Class I) 

MML Small Cap Equity Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Strategic Emerging Markets Fund (Service Class I) 

MML U.S. Government Money Market Fund (Initial Class) 



Oppenheimer Variable Account Funds




Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Conservative Balanced Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares)* 

Oppenheimer Discovery Mid Cap Growth Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Global Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Global Multi-Alternatives Fund/VA (Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Global Strategic Income Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Government Money Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares)* 

Oppenheimer International Growth Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Main Street Fund®/VA (Non-Service Shares) 



PIMCO Variable Insurance Trust




PIMCO CommodityRealReturn® Strategy Portfolio (Advisor Class) 



Voya Investors Trust




VY® Clarion Global Real Estate Portfolio (Class S) 













Product Prospectus for New York State (PDF)


Product Prospectus for all other states (PDF)


Monthly Performance (PDF)


Product Specifications (PDF)


Underlying Fund Fee Table (PDF)








Current Unit Values
Please contact the Service Center at 1 (800) 272-2216 between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. (ET - Monday through Friday) to obtain the current unit values.






Customers & Policyholders
Log in or register to access your account, service your policy, or download forms.









1 Fund order does not imply relative risk and return potential.
* Individual Fund Footnotes:
Oppenheimer Conservative Balanced Fund/VA is unavailable in contracts issued on or after April 30, 2012. For contracts issued prior to April 30, 2012, you may not allocate any new money to this fund via purchase payments or transfers.
Oppenheimer Government Money Fund/VA is unavailable in contracts issued on or after January 19, 2008.
Before purchasing a MassMutual variable annuity, you should carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the annuity. For this and other information, obtain the prospectus for the annuity from your registered representative. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money. You may also obtain the prospectuses (or summary prospectuses, if available) for the annuity’s underlying investment choices from your registered representative.
MassMutual Artistry (Contract form number MUVA94) is a variable annuity issued by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, Springfield, MA 01111 in New York, and by C.M. Life Insurance Company, Enfield, CT 06082 in all other states. C.M. Life Insurance Company is a subsidiary of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company.
Principal Underwriters: MML Strategic Distributors, LLC. and MML Investors Services, Members FINRA and SIPC (www.FINRA.org and www.SIPC.org) MML Strategic Distributors, LLC. and MML Investors Services are subsidiaries of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, 1295 State Street, Springfield, MA 01111-0001.



Not FDIC/NCUA Insured
Not a Bank Deposit
Not Bank Guaranteed


May Lose Value
Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency














Close
















 





MassMutual IRA - MassMutual




















































MassMutual
Log In
Logout





























Product Performance Listing Page
MassMutual IRA











Fund Fact Sheets




MM RetireSMART 2010 Fund (Multi-managed) MRXAX 

MM RetireSMART 2015 Fund (Multi-managed) MMJAX 

MM RetireSMART 2020 Fund (Multi-managed) MRTAX 

MM RetireSMART 2025 Fund (Multi-managed) MMSDX 

MM RetireSMART 2030 Fund (Multi-managed) MRYAX 

MM RetireSMART 2035 Fund (Multi-managed) MMXAX 

MM RetireSMART 2040 Fund (Multi-managed) MRFAX 

MM RetireSMART 2045 Fund (Multi-managed) MMKAX 

MM RetireSMART 2050 Fund (Multi-managed) MMARX 

MM RetireSMART in Retirement Fund (Multi-managed) MRDAX 

MM S&P 500 Index Fund (Northern Trust) MIEAX 

Premier Balanced Fund (Babson Capital) MMBDX 

Premier Core Bond Fund (Babson Capital) MMCBX 

Premier Disciplined Growth Fund (Babson Capital) MPGAX 

Premier Disciplined Value Fund (Babson Capital) MEPAX 

Premier Diversified Bond Fund (Babson Capital) MDVAX 

Premier Global Fund (OFI) MGFAX 

Premier High Yield Fund (Babson Capital) MPHAX 

Premier Inflation-Protected and Income Fund (Babson Capital) MPSAX 

Premier International Equity Fund (OFI Institutional) MMIAX 

Premier Main Street Fund (OFI Institutional) MSSAX 

Premier Money Market Fund (Babson Capital) MKSXX 

Premier Short-Duration Bond Fund (Babson Capital) MSHAX 

Premier Small Cap Opportunities Fund (OFI Institutional) DLBMX 

Premier Strategic Emerging Markets Fund (Baring) MPASX 

Premier Value Fund (OFI Institutional) MCEAX 

Select BlackRock Global Allocation Fund (BlackRock) MGJAX 

Select Diversified Value Fund (LoomisSayles/Brandywine) MDDAX 

Select Focused Value Fund (Harris) MFVAX 

Select Fundamental Growth Fund (Wellington) MOTAX 

Select Fundamental Value Fund (Wellington) MFUAX 

Select Growth Opportunities Fund (Sands/Delaware) MMAAX 

Select Large Cap Value Fund (BarrowHanley/Huber Capital Management) MMLAX 

Select Mid-Cap Value Fund (NFJ/Systematic) MLUAX 

Select Mid Cap Growth II Fund (T.Rowe Price/Frontier) MEFAX 

Select Overseas Fund (MFS/Harris/JPMorgan) MOSAX 

Select Small Cap Growth Equity Fund (Waddell & Reed/Wellington/Timberline) MMGEX 

Select Small Cap Value Equity Fund (Wellington/BarrowHanley) MMQAX 

Select Small Company Growth Fund (BostonCo./Eagle) MRWAX 

Select Small Company Value Fund (Clover/TRP/Invesco) MMYAX 

Select Strategic Bond Fund (Western Asset) MSBAX 

Select Total Return Bond Fund (MetWest) MSPGX 

Select TRP/LS Blue Chip Growth Fund (T.Rowe Price/Loomis Sayles) MBCGX 













MassMutual Premier Fund Prospectus (PDF)


MassMutual RetireSMART Fund Prospectus (PDF)


MassMutual Select Fund Prospectus (PDF)


Monthly Performance (PDF)


Quarterly Performance (PDF)











Before investing in any of the MassMutual Premier Funds and MassMutual Select Funds, investors should carefully consider a fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. The fund's prospectus contains this and other information about the fund. You may obtain the prospectuses by calling a MassMutual IRA Specialist at 1-877-747-6277. Read the propectuses (Premier and Select) carefully before investing.
The Fund Fact Sheets above include portfolio statistics and other fund information. Performance reflected on the Fact Sheets is not adjusted for Sales Charges. Please see the Monthly Performance and Quarterly Performance links above to view the performance with and without Sales Charges.
The MassMutual IRA is administered by National Financial Services, LLC as part of their Premiere Select Program. National Financial Services, LLC is not affiliated with MassMutual, MML Distributors, LLC or MML Investors Services, Inc. MassMutual Premier Funds and MassMutual Select Funds are distributed by MML Distributors, LLC, 100 Bright Meadow Blvd., Enfield, CT 06082. Investments in the MassMutual IRA purchase Class A shares of the MassMutual Premier Funds and MassMutual Select Funds. The MassMutual IRA is offered through registered representatives of MML Investors Services, Inc., 1295 State Street, Springfield MA 01111.
The MassMutual IRA should not be considered as a complete retirement solution. When planning for retirement, you should also think about factors, such as your total assets, your income needs, life insurance and health insurance needs, as well as planning for emergencies. Before investing in the MassMutual IRA, please be sure to determine whether rolling over your IRA asset is appropriate for you by considering several factors such as, your objectives, time horizon, risk tolerance, retirement needs, and income needs. Your MassMutual IRA value will fluctuate based on market performance, and when redeemed, may be worth less than the original cost.
Insurance products issued by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual), 1295 State Street, Springfield, MA 01111-0001.
 
Securities offered through MML Investors Services, Inc., 1295 State Street, Springfield, MA 01111-0001, (800) 542-6767. Member FINRA (www.finra.org) and SiPC (www.sipc.org).











Close
















 





VUL GuardSM* - MassMutual




















































MassMutual
Log In
Logout





























Product Performance Listing Page
VUL GuardSM










Underlying Fund Disclosure Documents1: Select any fund name below to view the fund’s Summary Prospectus (if available), Prospectus, Statement of Additional Information, Annual/Semiannual Reports, or additional information if noted.
Please note that any fund summary prospectuses, and hyperlinks provided between the summary prospectuses and other fund documents, are provided here for the convenience of MassMutual's customers. Additional information about a fund, including the information a fund is required to make available to you in connection with its use of a summary prospectus, can be found at the website address provided in each summary prospectus.





AIM Variable Insurance Funds (Invesco Variable Insurance Funds)




Invesco V.I. Diversified Dividend Fund (Series I) 

Invesco V.I. Global Health Care Fund (Series I) 

Invesco V.I. Technology Fund (Series I) 



American Century Variable Portfolios, Inc.




American Century VP Income & Growth Fund (Class I) 

American Century VP Value Fund (Class I) 



American Funds Insurance Series®




American Funds Insurance Series® Asset Allocation Fund (Class 2) 

American Funds Insurance Series® Growth-Income Fund (Class 2) 



Deutsche Investments VIT Funds




Deutsche Small Cap Index VIP (Class A) 



Fidelity® Variable Insurance Products Fund




Fidelity® VIP Contrafund® Portfolio (Initial Class) 



Franklin Templeton Variable Insurance Products Trust




Franklin Small Cap Value VIP Fund (Class 2) 

Templeton Foreign VIP Fund - (Class 2) 



Goldman Sachs Variable Insurance Trust




Goldman Sachs Strategic Growth Fund (Institutional) 



Janus Aspen Series




Janus Aspen Balanced Portfolio (Service) 

Janus Aspen Forty Portfolio (Service) 

Janus Aspen Global Research Portfolio (Service) 



MFS® Variable Insurance Trust




MFS® Investors Trust Series (Initial Class) 

MFS® New Discovery Series (Initial Class) 



MML Series Investment Fund




MML Blue Chip Growth Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Equity Index Fund (Class II) 

MML Managed Volatility Value Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Small Cap Growth Equity Fund (Initial Class) 



MML Series Investment Fund II




MML Blend Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Equity Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Inflation-Protected & Income Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Managed Bond Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Small Cap Equity Fund (Initial Class) 

MML U.S. Government Money Market Fund (Initial Class) 



Oppenheimer Variable Account Funds




Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Discovery Mid Cap Growth Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Global Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Global Strategic Income Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer International Growth Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Main Street Fund®/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares)* 



T. Rowe Price Equity Series, Inc.




T Rowe Price Blue Chip Growth Portfolio 

T Rowe Price Equity Income Portfolio 

T Rowe Price Mid-Cap Growth Portfolio* 













Annual Audited Financial Statements (PDF)


Monthly Performance (PDF)








Current Unit Values
Please contact the Service Center at 1 (800) 272-2216 between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. (ET - Monday through Friday) to obtain the current unit values.






Customers & Policyholders
Log in or register to access your account, service your policy, or download forms.









We no longer offer these policies for sale to the public. Policy owners may continue, however, to make premium payments to their policies.
1 Fund order does not imply relative risk and return potential.
* Individual Fund Footnotes:
Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund/VA formerly known as Oppenheimer Core Bond Fund/VA.

The T. Rowe Price Mid-Cap Growth Portfolio is not available as an investment choice for policies issued on May 1, 2004 or later.
Sales of all variable life insurance products must be preceded or accompanied by the current prospectuses for the products and their investment choices, which contain more information on charges, expenses, risks, and investment objectives. Please read them carefully before you invest or send money. These prospectuses are available through the above links. Contact your registered representative if you have any questions.
VUL GuardSM (Policy Form P3-2003 in most states and P3-2003(NC) in North Carolina) is an individual, participating, flexible premium, adjustable, variable life insurance policy. Dividends are not expected to be paid. VUL GuardSM was issued by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual), Springfield, MA 01111-0001. We no longer offer this policy for sale to the public. Policy owners may continue, however, to make premium payments to their policies.
Principal Underwriters: MML Investors Services, LLC (MMLIS), Member SIPC® (www.SIPC.org), and MML Strategic Distributors, LLC (MSD). MMLIS and MSD, both Members FINRA (www.FINRA.org) are subsidiaries of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, 1295 State Street, Springfield, MA 01111-0001.



Not FDIC/NCUA Insured
Not a Bank Deposit
Not Bank Guaranteed


May Lose Value
Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency














Close
















 





LifeTrust - MassMutual





















































MassMutual
Log In
Logout





























Product Performance Listing Page
LifeTrust










Underlying Fund Disclosure Documents1: Select any fund name below to view the fund’s Summary Prospectus (if available), Prospectus, Statement of Additional Information, Annual/Semiannual Reports, or additional information if noted.
Please note that any fund summary prospectuses, and hyperlinks provided between the summary prospectuses and other fund documents, are provided here for the convenience of MassMutual's customers. Additional information about a fund, including the information a fund is required to make available to you in connection with its use of a summary prospectus, can be found at the website address provided in each summary prospectus.





MML Series Investment Fund II




MML Blend Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Equity Fund (Initial Class) 

MML Managed Bond Fund (Initial Class) 

MML U.S. Government Money Market Fund (Initial Class) 



Oppenheimer Variable Account Funds




Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Conservative Balanced Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares)* 

Oppenheimer Discovery Mid Cap Growth Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Global Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Global Strategic Income Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Government Money Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares)* 

Oppenheimer Main Street Fund®/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Main Street Small Cap Fund®/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares)* 













Annual Audited Financial Statements - New York Only (PDF)


Annual Audited Financial Statements for all other states (PDF)


Monthly Performance (PDF)








Current Unit Values
Please contact the Service Center at 1 (800) 272-2216 between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. (ET - Monday through Friday) to obtain the current unit values.






Customers & Policyholders
Log in or register to access your account, service your policy, or download forms.









We no longer offer these contracts for sale to the public. Contract owners may continue, however, to make purchase payments to their contract.
1 Fund order does not imply relative risk and return potential.
* Individual Fund Footnotes:
Oppenheimer Conservative Balanced Fund/VA is unavailable in contracts issued on or after May 1, 2009. For contracts issued prior to May 1, 2009, you may not allocate any new money to this fund via purchase payments or transfers.
Oppenheimer Government Money Fund/VA is unavailable in contracts issued on or after January 19, 2008.
Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund/VA formerly known as Oppenheimer Core Bond Fund/VA.
Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund/VA is unavailable in contracts issued on or after May 1, 2009. For contracts issued prior to May 1, 2009, you may not allocate any new money to this fund via purchase payments or transfers.
Before purchasing a MassMutual variable annuity, you should carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the annuity. For this and other information, obtain the prospectus for the annuity from your registered representative. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money. You may also obtain the prospectuses (or summary prospectuses, if available) for the annuity’s underlying investment choices from your registered representative.
LifeTrust [Contract Form # B980-9400; B980-NC-9400 (NC)][w/fixed account & market value adjustment:Contract Form #: B990-9400; B990-NC- 9400 (NC)] is a variable annuity contract and was issued by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company in CA, CT, MA, ME, NY, TX, and VA, and by MML Bay State Life Insurance Company in all other states. MML Bay State Life Insurance Company, Enfield, CT 06082 is a subsidiary of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, Springfield, MA 01111.
Principal Underwriters: MML Strategic Distributors, LLC. and MML Investors Services, Members FINRA and SIPC (www.FINRA.org and www.SIPC.org) MML Strategic Distributors, LLC. and MML Investors Services are subsidiaries of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, 1295 State Street, Springfield, MA 01111-0001.



Not FDIC/NCUA Insured
Not a Bank Deposit
Not Bank Guaranteed


May Lose Value
Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency














Close
















 





Panorama® - MassMutual




















































MassMutual
Log In
Logout





























Product Performance Listing Page
Panorama®










Underlying Fund Disclosure Documents1: Select any fund name below to view the fund’s Summary Prospectus (if available), Prospectus, Statement of Additional Information, Annual/Semiannual Reports, or additional information if noted.
Please note that any fund summary prospectuses, and hyperlinks provided between the summary prospectuses and other fund documents, are provided here for the convenience of MassMutual's customers. Additional information about a fund, including the information a fund is required to make available to you in connection with its use of a summary prospectus, can be found at the website address provided in each summary prospectus.





MML Series Investment Fund




MML Equity Index Fund (Class I) 



MML Series Investment Fund II




MML High Yield Fund (Service Class I) 

MML Managed Bond Fund (Service Class) 

MML Short-Duration Bond Fund (Service Class I) 

MML Small Cap Equity Fund (Initial Class) 



Oppenheimer Variable Account Funds




Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Conservative Balanced Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares)* 

Oppenheimer Discovery Mid Cap Growth Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Government Money Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares)* 

Oppenheimer Global Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Main Street Fund®/VA (Non-Service Shares) 

Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund/VA (Non-Service Shares)* 













Annual Audited Financial Statements (PDF)


Monthly Performance (PDF)








Current Unit Values
Please contact the Service Center at 1 (800) 272-2216 between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. (ET - Monday through Friday) to obtain the current unit values.






Customers & Policyholders
Log in or register to access your account, service your policy, or download forms.









We no longer offer these contracts for sale to the public. Contract owners may continue, however, to make purchase payments to their contract.
1 Fund order does not imply relative risk and return potential.
* Individual Fund Footnotes:
Oppenheimer Conservative Balanced Fund/VA is unavailable in contracts issued on or after May 1, 2009. For contracts issued prior to May 1, 2009, you may not allocate any new money to this fund via purchase payments or transfers.
Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund/VA formerly known as Oppenheimer Core Bond Fund/VA.
Oppenheimer Total Return Bond Fund/VA is unavailable in contracts issued on or after May 1, 2009. For contracts issued prior to May 1, 2009, you may not allocate any new money to this fund via purchase payments or transfers.
Before purchasing a MassMutual variable annuity, you should carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the annuity. For this and other information, obtain the prospectus for the annuity from your registered representative. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money. You may also obtain the prospectuses (or summary prospectuses, if available) for the annuity’s underlying investment choices from your registered representative.
Panorama® (Contract form number P81-106A) is a variable annuity and was issued by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, Springfield, MA 01111.
Principal Underwriters: MML Strategic Distributors, LLC. and MML Investors Services, Members FINRA and SIPC (www.FINRA.org and www.SIPC.org) MML Strategic Distributors, LLC. and MML Investors Services are subsidiaries of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, 1295 State Street, Springfield, MA 01111-0001.



Not FDIC/NCUA Insured
Not a Bank Deposit
Not Bank Guaranteed


May Lose Value
Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency














Close













MML Series Investment Fund II - MML Equity Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 5:07 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of MML Series Investment Fund II - MML Equity Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
MML Series Investment Fund II - MML Equity Fund is an open-ended variable annuity equity mutual fund launched by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Co. It is co-managed by MML Investment Advisers, LLC, Loomis, Sayles & Company L.P., and OppenheimerFunds, Inc. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in value stocks of companies across all a market capitalizations with a focus on large-cap companies. It employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock selection approach focusing on factors like future supply/demand for key products, product cycles, quality of management, com...
MML Series Investment Fund II - MML Equity Fund is an open-ended variable annuity equity mutual fund launched by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Co. It is co-managed by MML Investment Advisers, LLC, Loomis, Sayles & Company L.P., and OppenheimerFunds, Inc. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in value stocks of companies across all a market capitalizations with a focus on large-cap companies. It employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock selection approach focusing on factors like future supply/demand for key products, product cycles, quality of management, competitive position, cash reinvestment plans, and better-than-expected earnings reports, earnings, dividends, assets, growth prospects, companies that have suffered significant business problems but that Loomis Sayles believes have favorable prospects for recovery, and attractive valuation to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Russell 1000 Value Index. It was formerly known as MML Series Investment Fund - MML Equity Fund. MML Series Investment Fund II - MML Equity Fund is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


One Financial CenterBoston, MA 02111United States



Phone: 617-482-2450

Fax: 617-357-6158








Key Executives for MML Series Investment Fund II - MML Equity Fund




Mr. James S. Collins


      	Principal Financial Officer and Treasurer
      


Age: 58
        







Mr. Laton Spahr CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Arthur J. Barry CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 50
        







Mr. Adam C. Liebhoff


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact MML Series Investment Fund II - MML Equity Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























MML Series Investment Fund - MML Equity Income Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 5:07 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of MML Series Investment Fund - MML Equity Income Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
MML Series Investment Fund - MML Equity Income Fund is an open-ended variable annuity equity mutual fund launched by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Co. The fund is co-managed by MML Investment Advisers, LLC and T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund invests in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in the dividend paying value stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. The fund employs fundamental analysis focusing on factors like well-established, seasoned companies with relatively long operating histories, above-average dividend yield and low price/earnings ratio relative to th...
MML Series Investment Fund - MML Equity Income Fund is an open-ended variable annuity equity mutual fund launched by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Co. The fund is co-managed by MML Investment Advisers, LLC and T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund invests in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in the dividend paying value stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. The fund employs fundamental analysis focusing on factors like well-established, seasoned companies with relatively long operating histories, above-average dividend yield and low price/earnings ratio relative to the S&P 500 Index, a sound balance sheet, and other positive financial characteristics, temporarily out of favor companies, low stock price relative to company’s underlying value as measured by assets, cash flow, or business franchises, change in management, an extraordinary corporate event, a new product introduction or innovation, or a favorable competitive development to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index and the Russell 1000 Value Index. The fund employs in-house research to create its portfolio. MML Series Investment Fund - MML Equity Income Fund was formed on May 1, 2006 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


100 East Pratt StreetBaltimore, MD 21202United StatesFounded in 2006



Phone: 410-345-2000

Fax: 410-345-6575








Key Executives for MML Series Investment Fund - MML Equity Income Fund




Mr. Richard J. Byrne


      	President
      


Age: 55
        







Mr. Nicholas H. Palmerino


      	Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
      


Age: 51
        







Mr. Andrew M. Goldberg


      	Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary
      


Age: 50
        







Mr. Philip S. Wellman


      	Chief Compliance Officer and Vice President
      


Age: 53
        







Mr. Michael C. Eldredge


      	Vice President
      


Age: 52
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact MML Series Investment Fund - MML Equity Income Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Mml Series Investment Fund II                                                                                            - Springfield                                       , MA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



Springfield



Management Investment, Open-End



Money Market Mutual Funds



                            Mml Series Investment Fund II
                                    



 





















M 


Mml Series Investment Fund II                                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1295 STATE ST SPRINGFIELD, MA 01111
Get Directions



(413) 788-8411
 





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $130,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Money Market Mutual Funds
 Contacts  







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















      Federal Register
       :: 
      MML Series Investment Fund, et al.; Notice of Application
    




















































  Skip to Content








 



    Sections
    
 




            Money
 



            Environment
 



            World
 



            Science & Technology
 



            Business & Industry
 



            Health & Public Welfare
 













Minority and Women Inclusion Amendments


                by the Federal Housing Finance Agency
                on
                07/25/2017




                photo by:
                futureatlas.com






 
 








Dodd-Frank Wall Steet Reform


                          255
                          documents in the last year
                        



Government Contracts


                          50
                          documents in the last year
                        





Stock & Commodities Trading 


                          491
                          documents in the last year
                        



Economic Sanctions & Foreign Assets Control


                          657
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      29
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      1
                    

                      Document
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Migratory Bird Permits


                by the Fish and Wildlife Service
                on
                07/25/2017




                photo by:
                Georgie Sharp






 
 








Endangered & Threatened Species


                          914
                          documents in the last year
                        



Fishery Management


                          1512
                          documents in the last year
                        





Taking of Marine Mammals


                          310
                          documents in the last year
                        



Parks & Recreation


                          933
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      24
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      12
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Safety Zone


                by the Coast Guard
                on
                07/25/2017




                photo by:
                Gablif






 
 








Immigration & Border Control


                          252
                          documents in the last year
                        



Cultural Objects Imported for Exhibition


                          99
                          documents in the last year
                        





International Trade (Anti-Dumping)


                          829
                          documents in the last year
                        



Controlled Exports (CCL & USML)


                          62
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      12
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      2
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic


                by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
                on
                07/25/2017




                photo by:
                LASZLO ILYES






 
 








Broadband Policy


                          165
                          documents in the last year
                        



Patent, Trademark, and Copyright


                          1346
                          documents in the last year
                        





Energy Efficiency & Renewable Resources


                          348
                          documents in the last year
                        



Climate Change


                          351
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      35
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      11
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Radio Broadcasting Services


                by the Federal Communications Commission
                on
                07/25/2017




                photo by:
                Alex Kahn






 
 








Automobile Safety & Fuel Economy


                          49
                          documents in the last year
                        



Oil and Gas Leasing


                          32
                          documents in the last year
                        





Air Travel


                          92
                          documents in the last year
                        



Trade Adjustment Assistance


                          99
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      60
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      12
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Food Labeling


                by the Food and Drug Administration
                on
                07/25/2017




                photo by:
                Bruno Girin






 
 








Health Care Reform


                          195
                          documents in the last year
                        



Veterans Educational Benefits


                          1
                          documents in the last year
                        





Veterans Employment & Training


                          48
                          documents in the last year
                        



Disaster Declarations & Assistance


                          883
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      36
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      6
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 







    Browse
    
 




          Agencies
 



          Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)
 



          Dates
 



          Public Inspection
 



          Executive Orders
 




  Explore Agencies



















Agriculture Department

22


18



Commerce Department

54


12



Defense Department

19


3



Education Department

11


2



Energy Department

46


4



Environmental Protection Agency

35


33



Health and Human Services Department

67


22



Homeland Security Department

47


10



Housing and Urban Development Department

1


          0
        


Interior Department

25


12



Justice Department

21


2



Labor Department

10


8



State Department

7


4



Transportation Department

69


41



Treasury Department

14


8



Veterans Affairs Department

9


10








  Explore Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)



















Administrative practice and procedure

11


6



Air pollution control

10


14



Air transportation

16


9



Airspace

12


2



Aviation safety

16


15



Environmental protection

12


15



Intergovernmental relations

8


11



Navigation (air)

13


2



Ozone

7


7



Volatile organic compounds

7


7












            Current Issue

              
                238 Pages
              




124 documents
    from 48 agencies

  



113 Notices


1 Presidential Document


6 Proposed Rules


3 Rules









Go to a specific date

Go to a specific date:


 





Explore


« PrevJuneNext »SMTWTFS282930311234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829301


« PrevJulySMTWTFS2526272829301234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829303112345












          The Public Inspection page
          on FederalRegister.gov
          offers a preview of documents scheduled to appear in the next day's
          Federal Register issue. The Public Inspection page may also
          include documents scheduled for later issues, at the request
          of the issuing agency.
        










Special Filing

          updated on 04:15 PM, on Tuesday, July 25, 2017
        


            9 documents
            from 6 agencies
          


                4 Notices
              

                1 Proposed Rule
              

                4 Rules
              








Regular Filing

          updated on 08:45 AM, on Tuesday, July 25, 2017
        


            118 documents
            from 46 agencies
          


                109 Notices
              

                1 Presidential Document
              

                6 Proposed Rules
              

                2 Rules
              













Go to a specific date

Go to a specific date:


 





Explore


« PrevJuneNext »SMTWTFS282930311234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829301


« PrevJulySMTWTFS2526272829301234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829303112345












Donald Trump


EO 13806:
Assessing and Strengthening the Manufacturing and Defense Industrial Base and Supply Chain Resiliency of the United States


EO 13805:
Establishing a Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure


EO 13804:
Allowing Additional Time for Recognizing Positive Actions by the Government of Sudan and Amending Executive Order 13761




                  2017:
                  42







Barack Obama


                  2017:
                  7


                  2016:
                  41


                  2015:
                  29


                  2014:
                  31


                  2013:
                  21


                  2012:
                  38


                  2011:
                  34


                  2010:
                  37


                  2009:
                  37







George W. Bush


                  2009:
                  3


                  2008:
                  30


                  2007:
                  33


                  2006:
                  26


                  2005:
                  27


                  2004:
                  46


                  2003:
                  40


                  2002:
                  33


                  2001:
                  51







William J. Clinton


                  2001:
                  7


                  2000:
                  39


                  1999:
                  35


                  1998:
                  38


                  1997:
                  38


                  1996:
                  50


                  1995:
                  40


                  1994:
                  54












    Search
    





        Document Search
 



        Advanced Document Search
 



        Public Inspection Search
 



        FR Index
 





    Reader Aids
    



Reader Aids Home


Office of the Federal Register Blog


Using FederalRegister.Gov


Understanding the Federal Register


Recent Site Updates


Videos & Tutorials


Developer Resources


Government Policy and OFR Procedures






    My FR
    




My Account


My Clipboard


My Comments


My Subscriptions


Sign In / Sign Up





Search the Federal Register


 





0



Sign in
Sign up

 









The Federal Register
The Daily Journal of the United States Government










Legal Status
Legal Status 
 
  Notice



MML Series Investment Fund, et al.; Notice of Application


      A Notice by the Securities and Exchange Commission on 08/27/2009











 













Document DetailsInformation about this document as published in the Federal Register.

Printed version:

PDF

Publication Date:

08/27/2009

Agency:

Securities and Exchange Commission

Document Type:
Notice
Document Citation:

          74 FR 43729
        
Page:

          43729-43737
          (9 pages)
        
Agency/Docket Numbers:
Release No. IC-28849
File No. 812-13611
Document Number:
E9-20599

Document Details



















Enhanced Content - Table of Contents

            This tables of contents is a navigational tool, processed from the
            headings within the legal text of Federal Register documents.
            This repetition of headings to form internal navigation links
            has no substantive legal effect.
          

AGENCY:
ACTION:
SUMMARY:
DATES:
ADDRESSES:
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
Applicants' Representations
Applicants' Legal Analysis
Applicants' Conditions
Conclusion

Enhanced Content - Table of Contents 



Enhanced Content - Submit Public Comment


              This feature is not available for this document.
          

Enhanced Content - Submit Public Comment 



Enhanced Content - Read Public Comments


              This feature is not available for this document.
          

Enhanced Content - Read Public Comments 


Enhanced Content - Sharing

Shorter Document URL

https://www.federalregister.gov/d/E9-20599
https://www.federalregister.gov/d/E9-20599






              Email this document to a friend
            



Share this document on Twitter



Share this document on Facebook


Enhanced Content - Sharing 



Enhanced Content - Document Print View

Print this document

Enhanced Content - Document Print View 


Enhanced Content - Document Tools

            These tools are designed to help you understand the official document
            better and aid in comparing the online edition to the print edition.
          



                These markup elements allow the user to see how the document follows the
                
                  Document Drafting Handbook
                 that agencies use to create their documents. These can be useful
                for better understanding how a document is structured but
                are not part of the published document itself.
              
Display Non-Printed Markup Elements


Enhanced Content - Document Tools 


Enhanced Content - Developer Tools

          This document is available in the following developer friendly formats:
        


JSON: Normalized attributes and metadata


XML: Original full text XML


MODS: Government Publishing Office metadata



          More information and documentation can be found in our
          developer tools pages.
        
Enhanced Content - Developer Tools 


Official Content


View printed version (PDF)


Official Content 


Published DocumentThis document has been published in the Federal Register. Use the PDF linked in the document sidebar for the official electronic format.





Start Preamble
        
        
        
        August 20, 2009.
        
          AGENCY:
The Securities and Exchange Commission (“Commission”).
ACTION:
Notice of application for an exemption pursuant to Section 6(c) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act or Act”), seeking exemptions from Sections 9(a), 13(a), 15(a) and 15(b) of the 1940 Act and Rules 6e-2(b)(15) and 6e-3(T)(b)(15) thereunder.

Applicants: MML Series Investment Fund (“MML Trust”), MML Series Investment Fund II (“MML II Trust”) and Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (“MassMutual”) (collectively, “Applicants”).
SUMMARY:

 Summary of Application: Applicants request an order pursuant to Section 6(c) of the 1940 Act exempting each life insurance company separate account supporting variable life insurance contracts (“VLI Account”) (and its insurance company depositor) that may invest in shares of an existing portfolio of the MML Trust or the MML II Trust (an “Existing Fund”) or a “Future Fund,” as defined below, from the provisions of Sections 9(a), 13(a), 15(a) and 15(b) of the Act and Rules 6e-2(b)(15) and 6e-3(T)(b)(15) thereunder, in situations where such VLI Accounts hold shares of any Existing Fund or Future Fund (each, a “Fund;” collectively, the “Funds”) when one or more of the following other types of investors also hold shares of the Funds: (1) a life insurance company separate account supporting variable annuity contracts (a “VA Account”), (2) any VLI account, (3) a Fund's investment adviser or affiliated person of the investment adviser (representing seed money investments in the Fund), and/or (4) trustees of a qualified group pension or group retirement plan outside the separate account context. As used herein, a Future Fund is any investment company (or investment portfolio or series thereof), other than an Existing Fund, designed to be sold to VLI Accounts and to which Applicants or their affiliates may in the future serve as investment advisers, investment subadvisers, investment managers, administrators, principal underwriters, or sponsors.
DATES:

 Filing Date: The application was filed on December 15, 2008, and amended and restated on April 14, 2009 and August 12, 2009.

Hearing or Notification of Hearing: An order granting the application will be issued unless the Commission orders a hearing. Interested persons may request a hearing by writing to the Secretary of the Commission and serving Applicants with a copy of the request, personally or by mail. Hearing requests should be received by the Commission by 5:30 p.m. on September 14, 2009, and should be accompanied by proof of service on Applicants, in the form of an affidavit or, for lawyers, a certificate of service. Hearing requests should state the nature of the writer's interest, the reason for the request, and the issues contested. Persons may request notification of a hearing by writing to the Secretary of the Commission.
ADDRESSES:
Secretary, Securities and Exchange Commission, 100 F Street, NE., Washington, DC 20549-1090. Applicants, c/o Andrew M. Goldberg, Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, 1295 State Street, Springfield, MA 01111. Copy to Mary Thornton Payne, Sutherland Asbill & Brennan LLP, 1275 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington, DC 20004-2415.
Start Further Info
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
Mark Cowan, Senior Counsel, or Zandra Bailes, Branch Chief, Office of Insurance Products, Division of Investment Management at (202) 551-6795.
End Further Info
End Preamble
Start Supplemental Information
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
The following is a summary of the application. The complete application is available for a fee from the Commission's Public Reference Branch, 100 F Street, NE., Washington, DC 20549 ((202) 551-8090). 
Applicants' Representations
1. MML Trust was organized as a Massachusetts business trust on December 19, 1984. MML Trust is registered under the 1940 Act as an open-end management investment company (File No. 811-02224). MML Trust is a series investment company as defined by Rule 18f-2 under the Act and is currently comprised of twenty-seven series.
2. Shares of the series of the MML Trust are offered solely to separate investment accounts established by MassMutual and its life insurance company subsidiaries. The MML Trust has filed a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “1933 Act”) on Form N-1A (File No. 2-39334) to register such shares. The Trust may establish additional series in the future and additional classes of shares for such series. Shares of MML Trust are not offered to the general public.
3. MML II Trust was formed as a Massachusetts business trust on February 8, 2005. MML II Trust is registered under the 1940 Act as an open-end management investment company (File No. 811-21714). MML II Trust is a series investment company as defined by Rule 18f-2 under the Act and is currently comprised of ten series.
4. Shares of the series of the MML II Trust are offered solely to separate investment accounts established by MassMutual and its life insurance company subsidiaries. The MML II Trust has filed a registration statement under the 1933 Act on Form N-1A (File No. 333-122804) to register such shares. The Trust may establish additional series in the future and additional classes of shares for such series. Shares of MML II Trust are not offered to the general public.
5. MassMutual is the investment adviser to the MML Trust and the MML II Trust and is responsible for providing all necessary investment management and administrative services. MassMutual is paid an investment management fee from each Fund's Start Printed Page 43730average daily net assets. MassMutual contracts with subadvisers to help manage the Funds.
6. The Existing Funds and Future Funds may offer their shares to VLI and VA Accounts of various life insurance companies (“Participating Insurance Companies”) to serve as an investment medium to support variable life insurance contracts and variable annuity contracts (together, “Variable Contracts”) issued through such accounts. Each VLI Account and VA Account is or will be established as a segregated asset account by a Participating Insurance Company pursuant to the insurance law of the insurance company's State of domicile. As such, the assets of each will be the property of the Participating Insurance Company, and that portion of the assets of such an Account equal to the reserves and other contract liabilities with respect to the Account will not be chargeable with liabilities arising out of any other business that the insurance company may conduct. The income, gains and losses, realized or unrealized from such an Account's assets will be credited to or charged against the Account without regard to other income, gains or losses of the Participating Insurance Company. If a VLI Account or VA Account is registered as an investment company, it will be a “separate account” as defined by Rule 0-1(e) (or any successor rule) under the 1940 Act and will be registered as a unit investment trust. For purposes of the Act, the Participating Insurance Company that establishes such a registered VLI Account or VA Account is the depositor and sponsor of the Account as those terms have been interpreted by the Commission with respect to variable life insurance and variable annuity separate accounts.
7. The Participating Insurance Companies are currently MassMutual and MassMutual's affiliated life insurance companies: C. M. Life Insurance Company, and MML Bay State Life Insurance Company. Various other life insurance companies that are not affiliated persons of MassMutual may be Participating Insurance Companies in the future. MassMutual is an affiliated person of the MML Trust and MML II Trust.
8. As described more fully below, the Funds will sell their shares to registered VLI and VA Accounts only if each Participating Insurance Company sponsoring such a VLI or VA Account enters into a participation agreement with the Fund. The participation agreements define or will define the relationship between each Fund and each Participating Insurance Company and memorialize or will memorialize, among other matters, the fact that, except where the agreement specifically provides otherwise, the Participating Insurance Company will remain responsible for establishing and maintaining any VLI or VA Account covered by the agreement and for complying with all applicable requirements of State and Federal law pertaining to such accounts and to the sale and distribution of variable contracts issued through such accounts. The participation agreements also memorialize or will memorialize, among other matters, the fact that, with regard to compliance with Federal securities laws, unless the agreement specifically states otherwise, the Funds' obligations relate solely to offering and selling their shares to VLI and VA Accounts covered.
9. The use of a common management investment company (or investment portfolio thereof) as an investment medium for both VLI Accounts and VA Accounts of the same Participating Insurance Company, or of two or more insurance companies that are affiliated persons of each other, is referred to herein as “mixed funding.” The use of a common management investment company (or investment portfolio thereof) as an investment medium for VLI Accounts and/or VA Accounts of two or more Participating Insurance Companies that are not affiliated persons of each other, is referred to herein as “shared funding.”
10. Applicants propose that each Existing Fund and any Future Fund may offer and sell its shares directly to a qualified group pension or group retirement plan (a “Plan” or “Qualified Plan”) outside the separate account context. Federal tax law permits investment companies such as the Funds to increase their net assets by selling shares to Plans.
11. Plans may invest in shares of an investment company as the sole investment under the Plan, or as one of several investments. Plan participants may or may not be given an investment choice depending on the terms of the Plan itself. The trustees or other fiduciaries of a Plan may vote investment company shares held by the Plan in their own discretion or, if the applicable Plan so provides, vote such shares in accordance with instructions from participants in such Plans. Applicants have no control over whether trustees or other fiduciaries of Plans, rather than participants in the Plans, have the right to vote under any particular Plan. Each Plan must be administered in accordance with the terms of the Plan and as determined by its trustee or trustees.
12. Applicants propose that any Fund may also sell shares to its investment adviser. The Treasury Regulations permit such sales as long as the return on shares held by the adviser is computed in the same manner as shares held by VLI Accounts and VA Accounts, the adviser does not intend to sell the shares to the public, and sales to an investment adviser are only made in connection with the creation or management of the Fund for the purpose of providing seed money for the Fund.
13. The promulgation of Rules 6e-2(b)(15) and 6e-3(T)(b)(15) preceded the issuance of the Treasury Regulations permitting the shares of Funds to be held by a Qualified Plan or an adviser for the Fund without adversely affecting the ability of the VLI Account to also hold shares. The use of a common management investment company (or investment portfolio thereof) as an investment medium for VLI Accounts, VA Accounts, investment advisers, and Qualified Plans is referred to herein as “extended mixed funding.”
Applicants' Legal Analysis
1. Section 9(a)(2) of the 1940 Act makes it unlawful for any company to serve as an investment adviser or principal underwriter of any investment company, including a unit investment trust, if an affiliated person of that company is subject to disqualification enumerated in Section 9(a)(1) or (2) of the Act. Sections 13(a), 15(a), and 15(b) of the Act have been deemed by the Commission to require “pass-through” voting with respect to an underlying investment company's shares.
2. Rule 6e-2(b)(15) under the 1940 Act provides partial exemptions from Sections 9(a), 13(a), 15(a), and 15(b) of the Act to VLI Accounts supporting scheduled premium VLI Contracts and to their life insurance company depositors. The exemptions granted by the Rule are available, however, only where a Fund offers its shares exclusively to VLI Accounts of the same Participating Insurance Company and/or of Participating Insurance Companies that are affiliated persons of the same Participating Insurance Company and then, only where scheduled premium VLI Contracts are issued through such VLI Accounts. Therefore, VLI Accounts, their depositors and their principal underwriters may not rely on the exemptions provided by Rule 6e-2(b)(15) if shares of the Fund are held by a VLI Account through which flexible premium VLI Contracts are issued, a VLI Account of an unaffiliated Participating Insurance Company, an unaffiliated investment adviser, any VA Start Printed Page 43731Account or a Qualified Plan. In other words, Rule 6e-2(b)(15) does not provide exemptions when a scheduled premium VLI Account invests in shares of a management investment company that serves as a vehicle for mixed funding, extended mixed funding or shared funding.
3. Accordingly, Applicants request an order of the Commission granting exemptions from Sections 9(a), 13(a), 15(a), and 15(b) of the 1940 Act, and Rule 6e-2(b)(15) thereunder, in cases where a scheduled premium VLI Account holds shares of Funds and one or more of the following types of investors also hold shares of such Funds: (1) VA Accounts, (2) VLI Accounts, (3) a Fund's investment adviser (or an affiliated person of the investment adviser), and/or (4) a Qualified Plan.
4. Rule 6e-3(T)(b)(15) under the 1940 Act provides partial exemptions from Sections 9(a), 13(a), 15(a), and 15(b) of the Act to VLI Accounts supporting flexible premium variable life insurance contracts and their life insurance company depositors. The exemptions granted by the Rule are available, however, only where a Fund offers its shares exclusively to VLI Accounts (through which either scheduled premium or flexible premium VLI Contracts are issued) of the same Participating Insurance Company and/or of Participating Insurance Companies that are affiliated persons of the same Participating Insurance Company, VA Accounts of the same Participating Insurance Company or of affiliated Participating Insurance Companies, or the general account of the same Participating Insurance Company or of affiliated Participating Insurance Companies. Therefore, VLI Accounts, their depositors and their principal underwriters may not rely on the exemptions provided by Rule 6e-3(T)(b)(15) if shares of the Fund are held by a VLI Account of an unaffiliated Participating Insurance Company, a VA Account of an unaffiliated Participating Insurance Company, an unaffiliated investment adviser, or a Qualified Plan. In other words, Rule 6e-3(T)(b)(15) provides exemptions when a VLI Account supporting flexible premium VLI Contracts invests in shares of a management investment company that serves as a vehicle for mixed funding but does not provide exemptions when such a VLI Account invests in shares of a management investment company that serves as a vehicle for extended mixed funding or shared funding.
5. Accordingly, Applicants request an order of the Commission granting exemptions from Sections 9(a), 13(a), 15(a) and 15(b) of the 1940 Act and Rule 6e-3(T)(b)(15) thereunder, in cases where a flexible premium VLI Account holds shares of Funds and one or more of the following types of investors also hold shares of such Funds: (1) VA Accounts, (2) VLI Accounts, (3) a Fund's investment adviser (or an affiliated person of the investment adviser), and/or (4) a Qualified Plan.
6. As explained below, Applicants maintain that there is no policy reason for the sale of Fund shares to Qualified Plans to prohibit or otherwise limit a Participating Insurance Company from relying on the relief provided by Rules 6e-2(b)(15) and 6e-3(T)(b)(15). Notwithstanding, Rule 6e-2 and Rule 6e-3(T) each specifically provide that the relief granted thereunder is available only where shares of the underlying fund are offered exclusively to insurance company separate accounts. In this regard, Applicants request exemptive relief in cases where VLI Accounts hold shares of the Funds when shares of the Funds are also sold to Qualified Plans.
7. Applicants are not aware of any reason for excluding separate accounts and investment companies engaged in shared funding from the exemptive relief provided under Rules 6e-2(b)(15) and 6e-3(T)(b)(15), or for excluding separate accounts and investment companies engaged in mixed funding from the exemptive relief provided under Rule 6e-2(b)(15). Similarly, Applicants are not aware of any reason for excluding Participating Insurance Companies from the exemptive relief requested because the Funds may also sell their shares to qualified pension and retirement plans. Rather, Applicants assert that the proposed sale of shares of the Funds to Qualified Plans, in fact, may allow for the development of larger pools of assets resulting in the potential for greater investment and diversification opportunities, and for decreased expenses at higher asset levels resulting in greater cost efficiencies.
8. For the reasons explained below, Applicants have concluded that investment by Qualified Plans in the Funds should not increase the risk of material irreconcilable conflicts between owners of VLI Contracts and other types of investors or between owners of VLI Contracts issued by unaffiliated Participating Insurance Companies.
9. Consistent with the Commission's authority under Section 6(c) of the Act to grant exemptive orders to a class or classes of persons and transactions, Applicants request exemptions for a class consisting of Participating Insurance Companies and their VLI Accounts investing in the Existing Funds and Future Funds, as well as their principal underwriters, that currently invest or in the future will invest in the Funds.
10. There is ample precedent, in a variety of contexts, for granting exemptive relief not only to the applicants in a given case, but also to members of the class not currently identified that may be similarly situated in the future. Such class relief has been granted in various contexts and from a wide variety of the 1940 Act's provisions, including class exemptions in the context of mixed funding, extended mixed funding, and shared funding. Such class exemptions have included, among other things, exemptions permitting the sale of shares by unnamed underlying funds to VLI and VA Accounts of Participating Insurance Companies and Qualified Plans.
11. Applicants note that the Commission has previously granted exemptive orders in cases where open-end management investment companies offer their shares directly to Qualified Plans in addition to offering their shares to separate accounts of affiliated or unaffiliated insurance companies which issue either or both variable annuity contracts or variable life insurance contracts. Applicants State that the order sought in their application is largely identical to these precedents with respect to the scope of the exemptions and the conditions proposed by the Applicants.
12. Section 6(c) of the 1940 Act provides, in part, that the Commission, by order upon application, may conditionally or unconditionally exempt any person, security or transaction, or any class or classes of persons, securities or transactions, from any provision or provisions of the Act, or any rule or regulation thereunder, if and to the extent that such exemption is necessary or appropriate in the public interest and consistent with the protection of investors and the purposes fairly intended by the policy and provisions of the Act. Applicants submit that the exemptions requested are appropriate in the public interest and consistent with the protection of investors and the purposes fairly intended by the policy and provisions of the Act.
13. Section 9(a)(3) of the 1940 Act provides, among other things, that it is unlawful for any company to serve as investment adviser or principal underwriter of any registered open-end investment company if an affiliated person of that company is subject to a Start Printed Page 43732disqualification enumerated in Sections 9(a)(1) or (2). Rules 6e-2(b)(15)(i) and (ii) and Rules 6e-3(T)(b)(15)(i) and (ii) under the Act provide exemptions from Section 9(a) under certain circumstances, subject to the limitations discussed above on mixed funding, extended mixed funding and shared funding. These exemptions limit the application of the eligibility restrictions to affiliated individuals or companies that directly participate in management of the underlying investment company.
14. The relief provided by Rules 6e-2(b)(15)(i) and 6e-3(T)(b)(15)(i) permits a person that is disqualified under Sections 9(a)(1) or (2) of the 1940 Act to serve as an officer, director, or employee of the life insurance company, or any of its affiliates, as long as that person does not participate directly in the management or administration of the underlying investment company. The relief provided by Rules 6e-2(b)(15)(ii) and 6e-3(T)(b)(15)(ii) under the Act permits the life insurance company to serve as the underlying investment company's investment adviser or principal underwriter, provided that none of the insurer's personnel who are ineligible pursuant to Section 9(a) participates in the management or administration of the investment company.
15. In effect, the partial relief granted in Rules 6e-2(b)(15) and 6e-3(T)(b)(15) under the Act from the requirements of Section 9 of the Act limits the amount of monitoring necessary to ensure compliance with Section 9 to that which is appropriate in light of the policy and purposes of Section 9. Those rules recognize that it is not necessary for the protection of investors or the purposes fairly intended by the policy and provisions of the Act to apply the provisions of Section 9(a) to all individuals in a large insurance complex, most of whom will have no involvement in matters pertaining to investment companies in that organization. Applicants assert that it is also unnecessary to apply Section 9(a) of the Act to the many individuals in various unaffiliated insurance companies (or affiliated companies of Participating Insurance Companies) that may utilize the Funds as investment vehicles for VLI Accounts and VA Accounts. There is no regulatory purpose served in extending the monitoring requirements to embrace a full application of Section 9(a)'s eligibility restrictions because of mixed funding, extended mixed funding or shared funding. The Participating Insurance Companies and Qualified Plans are not expected to play any role in the management of the Funds. Those individuals who participate in the management of the Funds will remain the same regardless of which VA Accounts, VLI Accounts, insurance companies, investment advisers, or Qualified Plans use such Funds. Applying the monitoring requirements of Section 9(a) of the Act because of investment by VLI Accounts and Qualified Plans would be unjustified and would not serve any regulatory purpose. Furthermore, the increased monitoring costs could reduce the net rates of return realized by owners of VLI Contracts and Plan participants. Moreover, in the case of Qualified Plans, the Plans, unlike separate accounts, are not themselves investment companies, and therefore are not subject to Section 9 of the Act. Furthermore, it is not anticipated that a Qualified Plan would be an affiliated person of the Funds except by virtue of its holding 5% or more of a Fund's shares.
16. Rules 6e-2(b)(15)(iii) and 6e-3(T)(b)(15)(iii) under the Act provide exemptions from pass-through voting requirements with respect to several significant matters, assuming the limitations on mixed funding, extended mixed funding and shared funding are observed. Rules 6e-2(b)(15)(iii)(A) and 6e-3(T)(b)(15)(iii)(A) provide that the insurance company may disregard the voting instructions of its variable life insurance contract owners with respect to the investments of an underlying investment company, or any contract between such an investment company and its investment adviser, when required to do so by an insurance regulatory authority (subject to the provisions of paragraphs (b)(5)(i) and (b)(7)(ii)(A) of Rules 6e-2 and 6e-3(T)).
17. Rules 6e-2(b)(15)(iii)(B) and 6e-3(T)(b)(15)(iii)(A)(2) provide that an insurance company may disregard the voting instructions of owners of its variable life insurance contracts if such owners initiate any change in an underlying investment company's investment policies, principal underwriter or any investment adviser (provided that disregarding such voting instructions is reasonable and subject to the other provisions of paragraphs (b)(5)(ii), (b)(7)(ii)(B) and (b)(7)(ii)(C) of Rules 6e-2 and 6e-3(T)).
18. In the case of a change in the investment policies of the underlying investment company, the insurance company, in order to disregard contract owner voting instructions, must make a good faith determination that such a change either would: (1) Violate State law, or (2) result in investments that either (a) would not be consistent with the investment objectives of its separate account, or (b) would vary from the general quality and nature of investments and investment techniques used by other separate accounts of the company, or of an affiliated life insurance company with similar investment objectives.
19. Both Rule 6e-2 and Rule 6e-3(T) generally recognize that a variable life insurance contract is primarily a life insurance contract containing many important elements unique to life insurance contracts and subject to extensive State insurance regulation. In adopting subparagraph (b)(15)(iii) of these Rules, the Commission implicitly recognized that State insurance regulators have authority, pursuant to State insurance laws or regulations, to disapprove or require changes in investment policies, investment advisers, or principal underwriters.
20. The sale of Fund shares to Qualified Plans or investment advisers will not have any impact on the exemptions requested herein regarding the disregard of pass-through voting rights. Shares sold to Qualified Plans will be held by such Plans. The exercise of voting rights by Plans, whether by trustees, participants, beneficiaries, or investment managers engaged by the Plans, does not raise the type of issues respecting disregard of voting rights that are raised by VLI Accounts. With respect to Plans, which are not registered as investment companies under the Act, there is no requirement to pass through voting rights to Plan participants. Indeed, to the contrary, applicable law expressly reserves voting rights associated with Plan assets to certain specified persons. For example, for many Plans, under Section 403(a) of Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), shares of a portfolio of an investment company sold to a Plan must be held by the trust(s) funding the Plan. Section 403(a) also provides that the trustee(s) of such trusts must have exclusive authority and discretion to manage and control the Plan, with two exceptions: (1) When the Plan expressly provides that the trustee(s) are subject to the direction of a named fiduciary who is not a trustee, in which case the trustee(s) are subject to proper directions made in accordance with the terms of the Plan and not contrary to ERISA, and (2) when the authority to manage, acquire, or dispose of assets of the Plan is delegated to one or more investment managers pursuant to Section 402(c)(3) of ERISA. For such Plans, unless one of the above two exceptions stated in Section 403(a) applies, Plan trustees have the exclusive authority and responsibility for voting Start Printed Page 43733investment company shares (or related proxies) held by their Plan.
21. If a named fiduciary to a Plan appoints an investment manager, the investment manager has the responsibility to vote the shares held, unless the right to vote such shares is reserved to the trustee(s) or another named fiduciary. The Plans may have their trustee(s) or other fiduciaries exercise voting rights attributable to investment securities held by the Plans in their discretion. Some Plans, however, may provide for the trustee(s), an investment adviser (or advisers), or another named fiduciary to exercise voting rights in accordance with instructions from Plan participants.
22. Where a Qualified Plan does not provide participants with the right to give voting instructions, Applicants do not see any potential for material irreconcilable conflicts of interest between or among the Variable Contract owners and Plan participants with respect to voting of the respective Fund shares. Accordingly, unlike the circumstances surrounding VLI Accounts and VA Accounts, because Plans are not required to pass through voting rights to participants, the issue of resolution of material irreconcilable conflicts of interest should not arise with respect to voting Fund shares.
23. In addition, if a Qualified Plan were to hold a controlling interest in a Fund, Applicants do not believe that such control would disadvantage other investors in such Fund to any greater extent than is the case when any institutional shareholder holds a majority of the shares of any open-end management investment company. In this regard, Applicants submit that investment in a Fund by a Plan will not create any of the voting complications occasioned by VLI Account investments in the Fund. Unlike VLI Account investments, Plan voting rights cannot be frustrated by veto rights of Participating Insurance Companies or State insurance regulators.
24. Where a Qualified Plan provides participants with the right to instruct the trustee(s) as to how to vote Fund shares, Applicants see no reason why such participants generally or those in a particular Plan, either as a single group or in combination with participants in other Plans, would vote in a manner that would disadvantage VLI Contract owners. The purchase of shares by Plans that provide voting rights does not present any complications not otherwise occasioned by mixed or shared funding.
25. Similarly, the sale of Fund shares to an investment adviser will not have any impact on the exemptions requested herein regarding the disregard of pass-through voting rights. The exercise of voting rights by investment advisers does not raise the type of issues respecting disregard of voting rights that are raised by VLI Accounts. With respect to investment advisers, which are not registered as investment companies under the Act, there is no requirement to pass through voting rights.
26. Applicants recognize that the prohibitions on mixed and shared funding might reflect concern regarding possible different investment motivations among investors. When Rule 6e-2 was first adopted, variable annuity separate accounts could invest in mutual funds whose shares were also offered to the general public. Therefore, the Commission staff may have been concerned with the potentially different investment motivations of public shareholders and owners of variable life insurance contracts. There also may have been some concern with respect to the problems of permitting a State insurance regulatory authority to affect the operations of a publicly available mutual fund and the investment decisions of public shareholders.
27. For reasons unrelated to the Act, however, Revenue Ruling 81-225 (Sept. 25, 1981) effectively deprived variable annuity contracts funded by publicly available mutual funds of their tax-benefited status. The Tax Reform Act of 1984 codified the prohibition against the use of publicly available mutual funds as an investment vehicle for both variable annuity contracts and variable life insurance contracts. In particular, Section 817(h) of the Code, in effect, requires that the investments made by both variable annuity and variable life insurance separate accounts be “adequately diversified.” If such a separate account is organized as part of a “two-tiered” arrangement where the account invests in shares of an underlying open-end investment company (i.e., an underlying fund), the diversification test will be applied to the underlying fund (or to each of several underlying funds), rather than to the separate account itself, but only if “all of the beneficial interests” in the underlying fund “are held by one or more insurance companies (or affiliated companies) in their general account or in segregated asset accounts.” Accordingly, a separate account that invests in a publicly available mutual fund will not be adequately diversified for these purposes. As a result, any underlying fund, including the Funds, that sells shares to VA Accounts or VLI Accounts, would, in effect, be precluded from also selling its shares to the public. Consequently, the Funds may not sell their shares to the public.
28. Applicants assert that the rights of an insurance company or a State insurance regulator to disregard the voting instructions of owners of Variable Contracts is not inconsistent with either mixed funding or shared funding. The National Association of Insurance Commissioners Variable Life Insurance Model Regulation (the “NAIC Model Regulation”) suggests that it is unlikely that insurance regulators would find an underlying fund's investment policy, investment adviser or principal underwriter objectionable for one type of Variable Contract but not another type. The NAIC Model Regulation has long permitted the use of a single underlying fund for different separate accounts. Moreover, Article VI, Section 3 of the NAIC Model Regulation has been amended to remove a previous prohibition on one separate account investing in another separate account. Lastly, the NAIC Model Regulation does not distinguish between scheduled premium and flexible premium variable life insurance contracts. The NAIC Model Regulation, therefore, reflects the NAIC's apparent confidence that such combined funding is appropriate and that State insurance regulators can adequately protect the interests of owners of all variable contracts.
29. Applicants assert that shared funding by unaffiliated insurance companies does not present any issues that do not already exist where a single insurance company is licensed to do business in several or all States. A particular State insurance regulator could require action that is inconsistent with the requirements of other States in which the insurance company offers its contracts. However, the fact that different insurers may be domiciled in different States does not create a significantly different or enlarged problem.
30. Shared funding by unaffiliated insurers, in this respect, is no different than the use of the same investment company as the funding vehicle for affiliated insurers, which Rules 6e-2(b)(15) and 6e-3(T)(b)(15) permit. Affiliated insurers may be domiciled in different States and be subject to differing State law requirements. Affiliation does not reduce the potential, if any exists, for differences in State regulatory requirements. In any event, the conditions set forth below are designed to safeguard against, and provide procedures for resolving, any adverse effects that differences among State regulatory requirements may produce. If a particular State insurance regulator's decision conflicts with the Start Printed Page 43734majority of other State regulators, then the affected Participating Insurance Company will be required to withdraw its separate account investments in the relevant Fund. This requirement will be provided for in the participation agreement that will be entered into by Participating Insurance Companies with the relevant Fund.
31. Rules 6e-2(b)(15) and 6e-3(T)(b)(15) give Participating Insurance Companies the right to disregard the voting instructions of VLI Contract owners in certain circumstances. This right derives from the authority of State insurance regulators over VLI Accounts and VA Accounts. Under Rules 6e-2(b)(15) and 6e-3(T)(b)(15), a Participating Insurance Company may disregard VLI Contract owner voting instructions only with respect to certain specified items. Affiliation does not eliminate the potential, if any exists, for divergent judgments as to the advisability or legality of a change in investment policies, principal underwriter or investment adviser initiated by such Contract owners. The potential for disagreement is limited by the requirements in Rules 6e-2 and 6e-3(T) that the Participating Insurance Company's disregard of voting instructions be reasonable and based on specific good faith determinations.
32. A particular Participating Insurance Company's disregard of voting instructions, nevertheless, could conflict with the voting instructions of a majority of VLI Contract owners. The Participating Insurance Company's action possibly could be different than the determination of all or some of the other Participating Insurance Companies (including affiliated insurers) that the voting instructions of VLI Contract owners should prevail, and either could preclude a majority vote approving the change or could represent a minority view. If the Participating Insurance Company's judgment represents a minority position or would preclude a majority vote, then the Participating Insurance Company may be required, at the relevant Fund's election, to withdraw its VLI Accounts' and VA Accounts' investments in the relevant Fund. No charge or penalty will be imposed as a result of such withdrawal. This requirement will be provided for in the participation agreement entered into by the Participating Insurance Companies with the relevant Fund.
33. Applicants assert that there is no reason why the investment policies of an Fund would or should be materially different from what these policies would or should be if the Fund supported only VA Accounts or VLI Accounts, whether flexible premium or scheduled premium VLI Contrasts. Each type of insurance contract is designed as a long-term investment program.
34. Each Fund will be managed to attempt to achieve its specified investment objective, and not favor or disfavor any particular Participating Insurance Company or type of insurance contract. There is no reason to believe that different features of various types of Variable Contracts will lead to different investment policies for each or for different VLI Accounts and VA Accounts. The sale of Variable Contracts and ultimate success of all VA Accounts and VLI Accounts depends, at least in part, on satisfactory investment performance, which provides an incentive for each Participating Insurance Company to seek optimal investment performance.
35. Furthermore, no single investment strategy can be identified as appropriate to a particular Variable Contract. Each “pool” of VLI Contract and VA Contract owners is composed of individuals of diverse financial status, age, insurance needs and investment goals. A Fund supporting even one type of Variable Contract must accommodate these diverse factors in order to attract and retain purchasers. Permitting mixed and shared funding will provide economic support for the continuation of the Funds. Mixed and shared funding will broaden the base of potential Variable Contract owner investors, which may facilitate the establishment of additional Funds serving diverse goals.
36. Applicants do not believe that the sale of the shares to Plans will increase the potential for material irreconcilable conflicts of interest between or among different types of investors. In particular, Applicants see very little potential for such conflicts beyond those that would otherwise exist between owners of VLI Contracts and VA Contracts. Applicants submit that either there are no conflicts of interest or that there exists the ability by the affected parties to resolve such conflicts consistent with the best interests of VLI Contract owners, VA Contract owners and Plan participants.
37. Applicants considered whether there are any issues raised under the Code, Treasury Regulations, or Revenue Rulings thereunder, if Qualified Plans, VA Accounts, and VLI Accounts all invest in the same Fund. Applicants have concluded that neither the Code, nor the Treasury Regulations nor Revenue Rulings thereunder, present any inherent conflicts of interest if Plans, VLI Accounts, and VA Accounts all invest in the same Fund.
38. Applicants note that, while there are differences in the manner in which distributions from VLI Accounts and Qualified Plans are taxed, these differences have no impact on the Funds. When distributions are to be made, and a VLI Account or Plan is unable to net purchase payments to make distributions, the VLI Account or Plan will redeem shares of the relevant Fund at its net asset values in conformity with Rule 22c-1 under the Act (without the imposition of any sales charge) to provide proceeds to meet distribution needs. A Participating Insurance Company will then make distributions in accordance with the terms of its VLI Contract and a Plan will then make distributions in accordance with the terms of the Plan.
39. Applicants considered whether it is possible to provide an equitable means of giving voting rights to VLI Contract owners and Plans. In connection with any meeting of Fund shareholders, the Fund's transfer agent will inform each Participating Insurance Company, investment adviser, and Qualified Plan of their share holdings and provide other information necessary for such shareholders to participate in the meeting (e.g., proxy materials). Each Participating Insurance Company then will solicit voting instructions from owners of VLI Contracts and VA Contracts as required by either Rules 6e-2 or 6e-3(T), or Section 12(d)(1)(E)(iii)(aa) of the Act, as applicable, and its participation agreement with the relevant Fund. Shares held by Plans will be voted in accordance with applicable law. The voting rights provided to Plans with respect to the shares would be no different from the voting rights that are provided to Plans with respect to shares of mutual funds sold to the general public. Furthermore, if a material irreconcilable conflict arises because of a Plan's decision to disregard Plan participant voting instructions, if applicable, and that decision represents a minority position or would preclude a majority vote, the Plan may be required, at the election of the relevant Fund, to withdraw its investment in the Fund, and no charge or penalty will be imposed as a result of such withdrawal.
40. Applicants do not believe that the ability of a Fund to sell its shares to its investment adviser or Qualified Plans gives rise to a senior security. “Senior Security” is defined in Section 18(g) of the Act to include “any stock of a class having priority over any other class as to distribution of assets or payment of dividends.” As noted above, regardless of the rights and benefits of participants under Plans and owners of VLI Start Printed Page 43735Contracts, VLI Accounts, VA Accounts, Participating Insurance Companies, and Plans, only have, or will only have, rights with respect to their respective shares of a Fund. These parties can only redeem such shares at net asset value. No shareholder of a Fund has any preference over any other shareholder with respect to distribution of assets or payment of dividends.
41. Applicants do not believe that the veto power of State insurance commissioners over certain potential changes to Fund investment objectives approved by owners of VLI Contracts creates conflicts between the interests of such owners and the interests of Plan participants. Applicants note that a basic premise of corporate democracy and shareholder voting is that not all shareholders may agree with a particular proposal. Their interests and opinions may differ, but this does not mean that inherent conflicts of interest exist between or among such shareholders or that occasional conflicts of interest that do occur between or among them are likely to be irreconcilable.
42. Although Participating Insurance Companies may have to overcome regulatory impediments in redeeming shares of a Fund held by their VLI Accounts, the Plans and the participants in participant-directed Plans can make decisions quickly and redeem their shares in a Fund and reinvest in another investment company or other funding vehicle without impediments, or as is the case with most Plans, hold cash pending suitable investment. As a result, conflicts between the interests of VLI Contract owners and the interests of Plans and Plan participants can usually be resolved quickly since the Plans can, on their own, redeem their Fund shares.
43. Finally, Applicants considered whether there is a potential for future conflicts of interest between Participating Insurance Companies and Qualified Plans created by future changes in the tax laws. Applicants do not see any greater potential for material irreconcilable conflicts arising between the interests of VLI Contract owners (or, for that matter, VA Contract owners) and Plan participants from future changes in the Federal tax laws than that which already exists between VLI Contract owners and VA Contract owners.
44. Applicants recognize that the foregoing is not an all-inclusive list, but rather is representative of issues that they believe are relevant to their application. Applicants believe that the discussion contained therein demonstrates that the sale of Fund shares to Qualified Plans would not increase the risk of material irreconcilable conflicts between the interests of Plan participants and VLI Contract owners or other investors. Further, Applicants submit that the use of the Funds with respect to Plans is not substantially dissimilar from each Fund's current and anticipated use, in that Plans, like VLI Accounts, are generally long-term investors.
45. Applicants assert that permitting a Fund to sell its shares to its investment adviser (or the adviser's affiliates) for the purpose of obtaining seed money will enhance management of each Fund without raising significant concerns regarding material irreconcilable conflicts among different types of investors. A potential source of initial capital is a Fund's investment adviser. However, provision of seed capital or the purchase of shares in connection with the management of a Fund by its investment adviser may be deemed to violate the exclusivity requirement of Rule 6e-2(b)(15) and/or Rule 6e-3(T)(b)(15). Given the conditions of Treasury Regulation 1.817-5(f)(3) and the harmony of interest between a Fund, on the one hand, and its investment adviser (or affiliates), on the other, Applicants assert that little incentive for overreaching exists. Furthermore, such investment should not implicate the concerns discussed above regarding the creation of material irreconcilable conflicts. Instead, investments by an investment adviser (or its affiliates), will permit the orderly and efficient creation and operation of a Fund, and reduce the expense and uncertainty of using outside parties at the early stages of the Fund's operations.
46. Various factors have limited the number of insurance companies that offer Variable Contracts. These factors include the costs of organizing and operating a funding vehicle, certain insurers' lack of experience with respect to investment management, and the lack of name recognition by the public of certain insurance companies as investment experts. In particular, some smaller life insurance companies may not find it economically feasible, or within their investment or administrative expertise, to enter the Variable Contract business on their own. Use of the Funds as a common investment vehicle for VLI Accounts would reduce or eliminate these concerns. Mixed and shared funding should also provide several benefits to owners of VLI Contracts by eliminating a significant portion of the costs of establishing and administering separate underlying funds.
47. Participating Insurance Companies will benefit not only from the investment and administrative expertise of the Funds' investment advisers and subadvisers, but also from the potential cost efficiencies and investment flexibility afforded by larger pools of funds. Mixed and shared funding also would permit a greater amount of assets available for investment by a Fund, thereby promoting economies of scale, by permitting increased safety through greater diversification, or by making the addition of new Funds more feasible. Therefore, mixed and shared funding will encourage more insurance companies to offer VLI Accounts. This should result in increased competition with respect to both VLI Account design and pricing, which can in turn be expected to result in more product variety. Applicants also assert that sale of shares in a Fund to Qualified Plans, in addition to VLI Accounts and VA Accounts, will result in an increased amount of assets available for investment in a Fund. This may benefit VLI Account owners by promoting economies of scale, permitting increased safety of investments through greater diversification, and making the addition of new Funds more feasible.
48. Applicants also submit that, regardless of the type of shareholder in a Fund, its investment adviser (and the adviser's affiliates) are or would be contractually and otherwise obligated to manage the Fund solely and exclusively in accordance with that Fund's investment objectives, policies and restrictions, as well as any guidelines established by its board of trustees (a “Board”). Thus, each Fund will be managed in the same manner as any other mutual fund.
49. Applicants note that VLI Accounts historically have been employed to accumulate shares of mutual funds that are not affiliated with the depositor or sponsor of the VLI Account. In particular, Applicants assert that sales of Fund shares, as described above, will not have any adverse Federal income tax consequences to other investors in such a Fund.
50. In addition, Applicants assert that granting the exemptions requested herein is in the public interest and, as discussed above, will not compromise the regulatory purposes of Sections 9(a), 13(a), 15(a), or 15(b) of the Act or Rules 6e-2 or 6e-3(T) thereunder.
Applicants' Conditions
Applicants agree that the order granting the requested relief shall be subject to the following conditions which shall apply to the Funds as well as any Future Fund that relies on the order:Start Printed Page 43736

1. A majority of the Board of each Fund will consist of persons who are not “interested persons” of the Fund, as defined by Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, and the rules thereunder, and as modified by any applicable orders of the Commission, except that if this condition is not met by reason of death, disqualification or bona fide resignation of any trustee or trustees, then the operation of this condition will be suspended: (a) For a period of 90 days if the vacancy or vacancies may be filled by the Board, (b) for a period of 150 days if a vote of shareholders is required to fill the vacancy or vacancies, or (c) for such longer period as the Commission may prescribe by order upon application, or by future rule.
2. Each Board will monitor its respective Fund for the existence of any material irreconcilable conflict between and among the interests of the owners of all VLI Contracts and VA Contracts and participants of all Plans investing in the Fund, and determine what action, if any, should be taken in response to such conflicts. A material irreconcilable conflict may arise for a variety of reasons, including: (a) An action by any State insurance regulatory authority, (b) a change in applicable Federal or State insurance, tax, or securities laws or regulations, or a public ruling, private letter ruling, no-action or interpretive letter, or any similar action by insurance, tax or securities regulatory authorities, (c) an administrative or judicial decision in any relevant proceeding, (d) the manner in which the investments of the Fund are being managed, (e) a difference in voting instructions given by VA Contract owners, VLI Contract owners, and Plans or Plan participants, (f) a decision by a Participating Insurance Company to disregard the voting instructions of contract owners; or (g) if applicable, a decision by a Plan to disregard the voting instructions of Plan participants.
3. Participating Insurance Companies (on their own behalf, as well as by virtue of any investment of general account assets in a Fund), any investment adviser to a Fund, and any Plan that executes a participation agreement upon its becoming an owner of 10% or more of the net assets of a Fund (collectively, “Participants”) will report any potential or existing conflicts to the relevant Board. Each Participant will be responsible for assisting the Board in carrying out the Board's responsibilities under these conditions by providing the Board with all information reasonably necessary for the Board to consider any issues raised. This responsibility includes, but is not limited to, an obligation by each Participating Insurance Company to inform the Board whenever Variable Contract owner voting instructions are disregarded, and, if pass-through voting is applicable, an obligation by each Plan to inform the Board whenever it has determined to disregard Plan participant voting instructions. The responsibility to report such information and conflicts, and to assist the Board, will be a contractual obligation of all Participating Insurance Companies under their participation agreement with a Fund, and these responsibilities will be carried out with a view only to the interests of the Variable Contract owners. The responsibility to report such information and conflicts, and to assist the Board, also will be contractual obligations of all Plans under their participation agreement with a Fund, and such agreements will provide that these responsibilities will be carried out with a view only to the interests of Plan participants.
4. If it is determined by a majority of a Board, or a majority of the disinterested directors/trustees of such Board, that a material irreconcilable conflict exists, then the relevant Participant will, at its expense and to the extent reasonably practicable (as determined by a majority of the disinterested directors/trustees), take whatever steps are necessary to remedy or eliminate the material irreconcilable conflict, up to and including: (a) Withdrawing the assets allocable to some or all of their VLI Accounts or VA Accounts from the Fund and reinvesting such assets in a different investment vehicle including another Fund, (b) in the case of a Participating Insurance Company, submitting the question as to whether such segregation should be implemented to a vote of all affected Variable Contract owners and, as appropriate, segregating the assets of any appropriate group (i.e., VA Contract owners or VLI Contact owners of one or more Participating Insurance Companies) that votes in favor of such segregation, or offering to the affected Contract owners the option of making such a change, (c) withdrawing the assets allocable to some or all of the Plans from the affected Fund and reinvesting them in a different investment medium, and (d) establishing a new registered management investment company or managed separate account. If a material irreconcilable conflict arises because of a decision by a Participating Insurance Company to disregard Variable Contract owner voting instructions, and that decision represents a minority position or would preclude a majority vote, then the Participating Insurance Company may be required, at the election of the Fund, to withdraw such Participating Insurance Company's VA Account and VLI Account investments in the Fund, and no charge or penalty will be imposed as a result of such withdrawal. If a material irreconcilable conflict arises because of a Plan's decision to disregard Plan participant voting instructions, if applicable, and that decision represents a minority position or would preclude a majority vote, the Plan may be required, at the election of the Fund, to withdraw its investment in the Fund, and no charge or penalty will be imposed as a result of such withdrawal. The responsibility to take remedial action in the event of a Board determination of a material irreconcilable conflict and to bear the cost of such remedial action will be a contractual obligation of all Participants under their participation agreement with a Fund, and these responsibilities will be carried out with a view only to the interests of Variable Contract owners or, as applicable, Plan participants.
For purposes of this Condition 4, a majority of the disinterested directors/trustees of the Board of each Fund will determine whether or not any proposed action adequately remedies any material irreconcilable conflict, but, in no event, will the Fund or its investment adviser be required to establish a new funding vehicle for any Variable Contract or Plan. No Participating Insurance Company will be required by this Condition 4 to establish a new funding vehicle for any Variable Contract if any offer to do so has been declined by vote of a majority of the Contract owners materially and adversely affected by the material irreconcilable conflict. Further, no Plan will be required by this Condition 4 to establish a new funding vehicle for the Plan if: (a) A majority of the Plan participants materially and adversely affected by the irreconcilable material conflict vote to decline such offer, or (b) pursuant to documents governing the Plan, the Plan trustee makes such decision without a Plan participant vote.
5. A Board's determination of the existence of a material irreconcilable conflict and its implications will be made known in writing promptly to all Participants.
6. Participating Insurance Companies will provide pass-through voting privileges to all Variable Contract owners whose Contracts are issued through registered VLI Accounts or registered VA Accounts for as long as required by the Act as interpreted by the Commission. However, as to Variable Contracts issued through VA Accounts Start Printed Page 43737or VLI Accounts not registered as investment companies under the Act, pass-through voting privileges will be extended to owners of such Contracts to the extent granted by the Participating Insurance Company. Accordingly, such Participating Insurance Companies, where applicable, will vote the shares of each Fund held in their VLI Accounts and VA Accounts in a manner consistent with voting instructions timely received from Variable Contract owners. Participating Insurance Companies will be responsible for assuring that each of their VLI and VA Accounts investing in a Fund calculates voting privileges in a manner consistent with all other Participating Insurance Companies investing in that Fund.
The obligation to calculate voting privileges as provided in this Application shall be a contractual obligation of all Participating Insurance Companies under their participation agreement with the Fund. Each Participating Insurance Company will vote shares of each Fund held in its VLI or VA Accounts for which no timely voting instructions are received, as well as shares attributed to it, in the same proportion as those shares for which voting instructions are received. Each Plan will vote as required by applicable law, governing Plan documents and as provided in this application.
7. As long as the Act requires pass-through voting privileges to be provided to Variable Contract owners or the Commission interprets the Act to require the same, a Fund investment adviser (or its affiliates) will vote their shares of the Fund in the same proportion as all votes cast on behalf of all Variable Contract owners having voting rights; provided, however, that such an investment adviser (or affiliates) shall vote its shares in such other manner as may be required by the Commission or its staff.
8. Each Fund will comply with all provisions of the Act requiring voting by shareholders (which, for these purposes, shall be the persons having a voting interest in its shares), and, in particular, the Fund will either provide for annual meetings (except to the extent that the Commission may interpret Section 16 of the Act not to require such meetings) or comply with Section 16(c) of the Act (although each Fund is not, or will not be, one of those trusts of the type described in Section 16(c) of the Act), as well as with Section 16(a) of the Act and, if and when applicable, Section 16(b) of the Act. Further, each Fund will act in accordance with the Commission's interpretations of the requirements of Section 16(a) with respect to periodic elections of directors/trustees and with whatever rules the Commission may promulgate thereto.
9. A Fund will make its shares available to the VLI Accounts, VA Accounts, and Plans at or about the time it accepts any seed capital from its investment adviser (or affiliates) or from a general account of a Participating Insurance Company.
10. Each Fund has notified, or will notify, all Participants that disclosure regarding potential risks of mixed and shared funding may be appropriate in VLI Account and VA Account prospectuses or Plan documents. Each Fund will disclose, in its prospectus that: (a) Shares of the Fund may be offered to both VA Accounts and VLI Accounts and, if applicable, to Plans, (b) due to differences in tax treatment and other considerations, the interests of various Variable Contract owners participating in the Fund and the interests of Plan participants investing in the Fund, if applicable, may conflict, and (c) the Fund's Board will monitor events in order to identify the existence of any material irreconcilable conflicts and to determine what action, if any, should be taken in response to any such conflicts.
11. If and to the extent Rule 6e-2 and Rule 6e-3(T) under the Act are amended, or Rule 6e-3 under the Act is adopted, to provide exemptive relief from any provision of the Act, or the rules thereunder, with respect to mixed or shared funding, on terms and conditions materially different from any exemptions granted in the order requested in this Application, then each Fund and/or Participating Insurance Companies, as appropriate, shall take such steps as may be necessary to comply with Rules 6e-2 or 6e-3(T), as amended, or Rule 6e-3, to the extent such rules are applicable.
12. Each Participant, at least annually, shall submit to the Board of each Fund such reports, materials or data as the Board reasonably may request so that the directors/trustees of the Board may fully carry out the obligations imposed upon the Board by the conditions contained in this Application. Such reports, materials and data shall be submitted more frequently if deemed appropriate by the Board of a Fund. The obligations of the Participants to provide these reports, materials and data to the Board, when it so reasonably requests, shall be a contractual obligation of all Participants under their participation agreement with the Fund.
13. All reports of potential or existing conflicts received by a Board, and all Board action with regard to determining the existence of a conflict, notifying Participants of a conflict and determining whether any proposed action adequately remedies a conflict, will be properly recorded in the minutes of the Board or other appropriate records, and such minutes or other records shall be made available to the Commission upon request.
14. Each Fund will not accept a purchase order from a Qualified Plan if such purchase would make the Plan an owner of 10 percent or more of the net assets of the Fund unless the Plan executes an agreement with the Fund governing participation in the Fund that includes the conditions set forth herein to the extent applicable. A Plan will execute an application containing an acknowledgement of this condition at the time of its initial purchase of shares.
Conclusion
Applicants submit, for all the reasons explained above, that the exemptions requested are appropriate in the public interest and consistent with the protection of investors and the purposes fairly intended by the policy and provisions of the 1940 Act.
Start Signature
For the Commission, by the Division of Investment Management, pursuant to delegated authority.
Florence E. Harmon,
Deputy Secretary.
End Signature
End Supplemental Information

[FR Doc. E9-20599 Filed 8-26-09; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 8010-01-P


Published Document 



















Home

Home



Sections

Money
Environment
World
Science & Technology
Business & Industry
Health & Public Welfare



Browse

Agencies
Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)
Dates
Public Inspection
Executive Orders



Search

Document Search
Advanced Document Search
Public Inspection Search





Reader Aids

Office of the Federal Register Blog
Using FederalRegister.Gov
Understanding the Federal Register
Recent Site Updates
Videos & Tutorials
Developer Resources
Government Policy and OFR Procedures



My FR

My Clipboard
My Subscriptions
My Comments
Sign In



Social Media

Facebook
Twitter



Information

About This Site
Legal Status
Contact Us
Privacy
Accessibility
FOIA
No Fear Act
Continuity Information







    Site Feedback
  













497
1
d497.htm
MML SERIES INVESTMENT FUND

MML SERIES INVESTMENT FUND
MML SERIES INVESTMENT FUND 
Supplement dated July 8, 2010 to the 
Prospectus dated May 1, 2010 
This supplement provides new and additional information beyond that contained in the Prospectus. It should be retained and read in
conjunction with the Prospectus.  The following information* replaces similar information for the MML
Conservative Allocation Fund found on page 5 in the section titled Principal Investment Strategies:   







 Equity
  
38.0
% 

 Large Cap Equity
  



 MML Blue Chip Growth Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
5
% 

 MML Concentrated Growth Fund (Legg Mason Capital Management, Inc.)
  
1
% 

 MML Equity Fund (OFI/Loomis, Sayles & Company, L.P.)
  
4
% 

 MML Equity Income Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
7
% 

 MML Income & Growth Fund (American Century Investment Management, Inc.)
  
1
% 

 MML Large Cap Growth Fund (Rainier Investment Management, Inc.)
  
2
% 

 Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund (OFI)
  
1
% 




 Total Large Cap Equity
  
21
% 




 Mid Cap Equity
  



 MML Mid Cap Growth Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
2
% 

 MML Mid Cap Value Fund (American Century Investment Management, Inc.)
  
3
% 




 Total Mid Cap Equity
  
5
% 




 Small Cap Equity
  



 MML Small Cap Equity Fund (OFI)
  
1
% 

 MML Small Cap Growth Equity Fund (Wellington Management Company, LLP/Waddell & ReedInvestment Management Company)

  
1
% 

 MML Small Company Value Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
2
% 




 Total Small Cap Equity
  
4
% 




 International/Global Equity
  



 MML Foreign Fund (Templeton Investment Counsel, LLC)
  
2
% 

 MML Global Fund (Massachusetts Financial Services Company)
  
2
% 

 Oppenheimer Global Securities Fund (OFI)
  
2
% 

 Oppenheimer International Growth Fund (OFI)
  
2
% 




 Total International/Global
  
8
% 




 Fixed Income
  
61.0
% 

 MML High Yield Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
3
% 

 MML Inflation-Protected and Income Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
9
% 

 MML Managed Bond Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
29
% 

 MML Short-Duration Bond Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
9
% 

 Oppenheimer Strategic Bond Fund (OFI)
  
11
%   


*
Information as of June 30, 2010.  Note: the
allocation percentages have been rounded to one decimal place. The allocation among equity and fixed income funds therefore does not equal 100%. 


The following information* replaces similar information for the MML Balanced
Allocation Fund found on pages 10 and 11 in the section titled Principal Investment Strategies:   







 Equity
  
48.0
% 

 Large Cap Equity
  



 MML Blue Chip Growth Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
6
% 

 MML Concentrated Growth Fund (Legg Mason Capital Management, Inc.)
  
1
% 

 MML Equity Fund (OFI/Loomis, Sayles & Company, L.P.)
  
5
% 

 MML Equity Income Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
8
% 

 MML Income & Growth Fund (American Century Investment Management, Inc.)
  
2
% 

 MML Large Cap Growth Fund (Rainier Investment Management, Inc.)
  
3
% 

 Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund (OFI)
  
2
% 




 Total Large Cap Equity
  
27
% 




 Mid Cap Equity
  



 MML Mid Cap Growth Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
3
% 

 MML Mid Cap Value Fund (American Century Investment Management, Inc.)
  
3
% 




 Total Mid Cap Equity
  
6
% 




 Small Cap Equity
  



 MML Small Cap Equity Fund (OFI)
  
1
% 

 MML Small Cap Growth Equity Fund (Wellington Management Company, LLP/Waddell & Reed Investment Management
Company)
  
2
% 

 MML Small Company Value Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
2
% 




 Total Small Cap Equity
  
5
% 




 International/Global Equity
  



 MML Foreign Fund (Templeton Investment Counsel, LLC)
  
2
% 

 MML Global Fund (Massachusetts Financial Services Company)
  
2
% 

 Oppenheimer Global Securities Fund (OFI)
  
3
% 

 Oppenheimer International Growth Fund (OFI)
  
3
% 




 Total International/Global
  
10
% 




 Fixed Income
  
53.0
% 

 MML High Yield Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
3
% 

 MML Inflation-Protected and Income Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
7
% 

 MML Managed Bond Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
24
% 

 MML Short-Duration Bond Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
9
% 

 Oppenheimer Strategic Bond Fund (OFI)
  
10
%   


*
Information as of June 30, 2010.  Note: the
allocation percentages have been rounded to one decimal place. The allocation among equity and fixed income funds therefore does not equal 100%. 


The following information* replaces similar information for the MML Moderate
Allocation Fund found on pages 16 and 17 in the section titled Principal Investment Strategies:   







 Equity
  
57.0
% 

 Large Cap Equity
  



 MML Blue Chip Growth Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
8
% 

 MML Concentrated Growth Fund (Legg Mason Capital Management, Inc.)
  
2
% 

 MML Equity Fund (OFI/Loomis, Sayles & Company, L.P.)
  
6
% 

 MML Equity Income Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
9
% 

 MML Income & Growth Fund (American Century Investment Management, Inc.)
  
2
% 

 MML Large Cap Growth Fund (Rainier Investment Management, Inc.)
  
3
% 

 Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund (OFI)
  
2
% 




 Total Large Cap Equity
  
32
% 




 Mid Cap Equity
  



 MML Mid Cap Growth Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
4
% 

 MML Mid Cap Value Fund (American Century Investment Management, Inc.)
  
3
% 




 Total Mid Cap Equity
  
7
% 




 Small Cap Equity
  



 MML Small Cap Equity Fund (OFI)
  
1
% 

 MML Small Cap Growth Equity Fund (Wellington Management Company, LLP/Waddell & Reed Investment Management
Company)
  
2
% 

 MML Small Company Value Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
3
% 




 Total Small Cap Equity
  
6
% 




 International/Global Equity
  



 MML Foreign Fund (Templeton Investment Counsel, LLC)
  
3
% 

 MML Global Fund (Massachusetts Financial Services Company)
  
2
% 

 Oppenheimer Global Securities Fund (OFI)
  
3
% 

 Oppenheimer International Growth Fund (OFI)
  
4
% 




 Total International/Global
  
12
% 




 Fixed Income
  
43.0
% 

 MML High Yield Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
2
% 

 MML Inflation-Protected and Income Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
6
% 

 MML Managed Bond Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
20
% 

 MML Short-Duration Bond Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
8
% 

 Oppenheimer Strategic Bond Fund (OFI)
  
7
%   


*
Information as of June 30, 2010. 


The following information* replaces similar information for the
MML Growth Allocation Fund found on pages 22 and 23 in the section titled Principal Investment Strategies:   







 Equity
  
74.0
% 

 Large Cap Equity
  



 MML Blue Chip Growth Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
10
% 

 MML Concentrated Growth Fund (Legg Mason Capital Management, Inc.)
  
3
% 

 MML Equity Fund (OFI/Loomis, Sayles & Company, L.P.)
  
7
% 

 MML Equity Income Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
11
% 

 MML Income & Growth Fund (American Century Investment Management, Inc.)
  
3
% 

 MML Large Cap Growth Fund (Rainier Investment Management, Inc.)
  
4
% 

 Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund (OFI)
  
3
% 




 Total Large Cap Equity
  
41
% 




 Mid Cap Equity
  



 MML Mid Cap Growth Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
5
% 

 MML Mid Cap Value Fund (American Century Investment Management, Inc.)
  
5
% 




 Total Mid Cap Equity
  
10
% 




 Small Cap Equity
  



 MML Small Cap Equity Fund (OFI)
  
1
% 

 MML Small Cap Growth Equity Fund (Wellington Management Company, LLP/Waddell & ReedInvestment Management Company)

  
3
% 

 MML Small Company Value Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
4
% 




 Total Small Cap Equity
  
8
% 




 International/Global Equity
  



 MML Foreign Fund (Templeton Investment Counsel, LLC)
  
3
% 

 MML Global Fund (Massachusetts Financial Services Company)
  
3
% 

 Oppenheimer Global Securities Fund (OFI)
  
3
% 

 Oppenheimer International Growth Fund (OFI)
  
6
% 




 Total International/Global
  
15
% 




 Fixed Income
  
27.0
% 

 MML High Yield Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
2
% 

 MML Inflation-Protected and Income Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
4
% 

 MML Managed Bond Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
12
% 

 MML Short-Duration Bond Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
6
% 

 Oppenheimer Strategic Bond Fund (OFI)
  
3
%   


*
Information as of June 30, 2010.  Note: the
allocation percentages have been rounded to one decimal place. The allocation among equity and fixed income funds therefore does not equal 100%. 


The following information* replaces similar information for the MML Aggressive
Allocation Fund found on page 29 in the section titled Principal Investment Strategies:   







 Equity
  
89.0
% 

 Large Cap Equity
  



 MML Blue Chip Growth Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
12
% 

 MML Concentrated Growth Fund (Legg Mason Capital Management, Inc.)
  
3
% 

 MML Equity Fund (OFI/Loomis, Sayles & Company, L.P.)
  
8
% 

 MML Equity Income Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
13
% 

 MML Income & Growth Fund (American Century Investment Management, Inc.)
  
4
% 

 MML Large Cap Growth Fund (Rainier Investment Management, Inc.)
  
6
% 

 Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund (OFI)
  
2
% 




 Total Large Cap Equity
  
48
% 




 Mid Cap Equity
  



 MML Mid Cap Growth Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
7
% 

 MML Mid Cap Value Fund (American Century Investment Management, Inc.)
  
6
% 




 Total Mid Cap Equity
  
13
% 




 Small Cap Equity
  



 MML Small Cap Equity Fund (OFI)
  
1
% 

 MML Small Cap Growth Equity Fund (Wellington Management Company, LLP/Waddell & Reed Investment Management
Company)
  
4
% 

 MML Small Company Value Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
5
% 




 Total Small Cap Equity
  
10
% 




 International/Global Equity
  



 MML Foreign Fund (Templeton Investment Counsel, LLC)
  
4
% 

 MML Global Fund (Massachusetts Financial Services Company)
  
4
% 

 Oppenheimer Global Securities Fund (OFI)
  
3
% 

 Oppenheimer International Growth Fund (OFI)
  
7
% 




 Total International/Global
  
18
% 




 Fixed Income
  
11.0
% 

 MML High Yield Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
1
% 

 MML Inflation-Protected and Income Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
1
% 

 MML Managed Bond Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
4
% 

 MML Short-Duration Bond Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
3
% 

 Oppenheimer Strategic Bond Fund (OFI)
  
2
%   


*
Information as of June 30, 2010.   
PLEASE RETAIN THIS SUPPLEMENT FOR FUTURE REFERENCE 
L7352-10-01   


MML SERIES INVESTMENT FUND 
MML Conservative Allocation Fund 
Supplement dated July 8, 2010 to the 
Summary Prospectus dated May 1, 2010 
This supplement provides new and additional information beyond that contained in the Summary Prospectus. It should be retained and read
in conjunction with the Summary Prospectus.  The following information* replaces similar information found in the section
titled Principal Investment Strategies:    







 Equity
  
38.0
% 

 Large Cap Equity
  



 MML Blue Chip Growth Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
5
% 

 MML Concentrated Growth Fund (Legg Mason Capital Management, Inc.)
  
1
% 

 MML Equity Fund (OFI/Loomis, Sayles & Company, L.P.)
  
4
% 

 MML Equity Income Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
7
% 

 MML Income & Growth Fund (American Century Investment Management, Inc.)
  
1
% 

 MML Large Cap Growth Fund (Rainier Investment Management, Inc.)
  
2
% 

 Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund (OFI)
  
1
% 




 Total Large Cap Equity
  
21
% 




 Mid Cap Equity
  



 MML Mid Cap Growth Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
2
% 

 MML Mid Cap Value Fund (American Century Investment Management, Inc.)
  
3
% 




 Total Mid Cap Equity
  
5
% 




 Small Cap Equity
  



 MML Small Cap Equity Fund (OFI)
  
1
% 

 MML Small Cap Growth Equity Fund (Wellington Management Company, LLP/Waddell & Reed Investment Management
Company)
  
1
% 

 MML Small Company Value Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
2
% 




 Total Small Cap Equity
  
4
% 




 International/Global Equity
  



 MML Foreign Fund (Templeton Investment Counsel, LLC)
  
2
% 

 MML Global Fund (Massachusetts Financial Services Company)
  
2
% 

 Oppenheimer Global Securities Fund (OFI)
  
2
% 

 Oppenheimer International Growth Fund (OFI)
  
2
% 




 Total International/Global
  
8
% 




 Fixed Income
  
61.0
% 

 MML High Yield Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
3
% 

 MML Inflation-Protected and Income Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
9
% 

 MML Managed Bond Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
29
% 

 MML Short-Duration Bond Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
9
% 

 Oppenheimer Strategic Bond Fund (OFI)
  
11
%   


*
Information as of June 30, 2010.  Note: the
allocation percentages have been rounded to one decimal place. The allocation among equity and fixed income funds therefore does not equal 100%. 
PLEASE RETAIN THIS SUPPLEMENT FOR FUTURE REFERENCE 
10-01   


MML SERIES INVESTMENT FUND 
MML Balanced Allocation Fund 
Supplement dated July 8, 2010 to the 
Summary Prospectus dated May 1, 2010 
This supplement provides new and additional information beyond that contained in the Summary Prospectus. It should be retained and read
in conjunction with the Summary Prospectus.  The following information* replaces similar information found in the section
titled Principal Investment Strategies:   







 Equity
  
48.0
% 

 Large Cap Equity
  



 MML Blue Chip Growth Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
6
% 

 MML Concentrated Growth Fund (Legg Mason Capital Management, Inc.)
  
1
% 

 MML Equity Fund (OFI/Loomis, Sayles & Company, L.P.)
  
5
% 

 MML Equity Income Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
8
% 

 MML Income & Growth Fund (American Century Investment Management, Inc.)
  
2
% 

 MML Large Cap Growth Fund (Rainier Investment Management, Inc.)
  
3
% 

 Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund (OFI)
  
2
% 




 Total Large Cap Equity
  
27
% 




 Mid Cap Equity
  



 MML Mid Cap Growth Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
3
% 

 MML Mid Cap Value Fund (American Century Investment Management, Inc.)
  
3
% 




 Total Mid Cap Equity
  
6
% 




 Small Cap Equity
  



 MML Small Cap Equity Fund (OFI)
  
1
% 

 MML Small Cap Growth Equity Fund (Wellington Management Company, LLP/Waddell & Reed Investment Management
Company)
  
2
% 

 MML Small Company Value Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
2
% 




 Total Small Cap Equity
  
5
% 




 International/Global Equity
  



 MML Foreign Fund (Templeton Investment Counsel, LLC)
  
2
% 

 MML Global Fund (Massachusetts Financial Services Company)
  
2
% 

 Oppenheimer Global Securities Fund (OFI)
  
3
% 

 Oppenheimer International Growth Fund (OFI)
  
3
% 




 Total International/Global
  
10
% 




 Fixed Income
  
53.0
% 

 MML High Yield Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
3
% 

 MML Inflation-Protected and Income Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
7
% 

 MML Managed Bond Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
24
% 

 MML Short-Duration Bond Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
9
% 

 Oppenheimer Strategic Bond Fund (OFI)
  
10
%   


*
Information as of June 30, 2010.  Note: the
allocation percentages have been rounded to one decimal place. The allocation among equity and fixed income funds therefore does not equal 100%. 
PLEASE RETAIN THIS SUPPLEMENT FOR FUTURE REFERENCE 
10-01   


MML SERIES INVESTMENT FUND 
MML Moderate Allocation Fund 
Supplement dated July 8, 2010 to the 
Summary Prospectus dated May 1, 2010 
This supplement provides new and additional information beyond that contained in the Summary Prospectus. It should be retained and read
in conjunction with the Summary Prospectus.  The following information* replaces similar information found in the section
titled Principal Investment Strategies:   







 Equity
  
57.0
% 

 Large Cap Equity
  



 MML Blue Chip Growth Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
8
% 

 MML Concentrated Growth Fund (Legg Mason Capital Management, Inc.)
  
2
% 

 MML Equity Fund (OFI/Loomis, Sayles & Company, L.P.)
  
6
% 

 MML Equity Income Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
9
% 

 MML Income & Growth Fund (American Century Investment Management, Inc.)
  
2
% 

 MML Large Cap Growth Fund (Rainier Investment Management, Inc.)
  
3
% 

 Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund (OFI)
  
2
% 




 Total Large Cap Equity
  
32
% 




 Mid Cap Equity
  



 MML Mid Cap Growth Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
4
% 

 MML Mid Cap Value Fund (American Century Investment Management, Inc.)
  
3
% 




 Total Mid Cap Equity
  
7
% 




 Small Cap Equity
  



 MML Small Cap Equity Fund (OFI)
  
1
% 

 MML Small Cap Growth Equity Fund (Wellington Management Company, LLP/Waddell & Reed Investment Management
Company)
  
2
% 

 MML Small Company Value Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
3
% 




 Total Small Cap Equity
  
6
% 




 International/Global Equity
  



 MML Foreign Fund (Templeton Investment Counsel, LLC)
  
3
% 

 MML Global Fund (Massachusetts Financial Services Company)
  
2
% 

 Oppenheimer Global Securities Fund (OFI)
  
3
% 

 Oppenheimer International Growth Fund (OFI)
  
4
% 




 Total International/Global
  
12
% 




 Fixed Income
  
43.0
% 

 MML High Yield Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
2
% 

 MML Inflation-Protected and Income Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
6
% 

 MML Managed Bond Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
20
% 

 MML Short-Duration Bond Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
8
% 

 Oppenheimer Strategic Bond Fund (OFI)
  
7
%   


*
Information as of June 30, 2010. 
PLEASE RETAIN THIS SUPPLEMENT FOR FUTURE REFERENCE 
10-01   


MML SERIES INVESTMENT FUND 
MML Growth Allocation Fund 
Supplement dated July 8, 2010 to the 
Summary Prospectus dated May 1, 2010 
This supplement provides new and additional information beyond that contained in the Summary Prospectus. It should be retained and read
in conjunction with the Summary Prospectus.  The following information* replaces similar information found in the section
titled Principal Investment Strategies:   







 Equity
  
74.0
% 

 Large Cap Equity
  



 MML Blue Chip Growth Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
10
% 

 MML Concentrated Growth Fund (Legg Mason Capital Management, Inc.)
  
3
% 

 MML Equity Fund (OFI/Loomis, Sayles & Company, L.P.)
  
7
% 

 MML Equity Income Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
11
% 

 MML Income & Growth Fund (American Century Investment Management, Inc.)
  
3
% 

 MML Large Cap Growth Fund (Rainier Investment Management, Inc.)
  
4
% 

 Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund (OFI)
  
3
% 




 Total Large Cap Equity
  
41
% 




 Mid Cap Equity
  



 MML Mid Cap Growth Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
5
% 

 MML Mid Cap Value Fund (American Century Investment Management, Inc.)
  
5
% 




 Total Mid Cap Equity
  
10
% 




 Small Cap Equity
  



 MML Small Cap Equity Fund (OFI)
  
1
% 

 MML Small Cap Growth Equity Fund (Wellington Management Company, LLP/Waddell & Reed Investment Management
Company)
  
3
% 

 MML Small Company Value Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
4
% 




 Total Small Cap Equity
  
8
% 




 International/Global Equity
  



 MML Foreign Fund (Templeton Investment Counsel, LLC)
  
3
% 

 MML Global Fund (Massachusetts Financial Services Company)
  
3
% 

 Oppenheimer Global Securities Fund (OFI)
  
3
% 

 Oppenheimer International Growth Fund (OFI)
  
6
% 




 Total International/Global
  
15
% 




 Fixed Income
  
27.0
% 

 MML High Yield Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
2
% 

 MML Inflation-Protected and Income Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
4
% 

 MML Managed Bond Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
12
% 

 MML Short-Duration Bond Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
6
% 

 Oppenheimer Strategic Bond Fund (OFI)
  
3
%   


*
Information as of June 30, 2010.  Note: the
allocation percentages have been rounded to one decimal place. The allocation among equity and fixed income funds therefore does not equal 100%. 
PLEASE RETAIN THIS SUPPLEMENT FOR FUTURE REFERENCE 
10-01   


MML SERIES INVESTMENT FUND 
MML Aggressive Allocation Fund 
Supplement dated July 8, 2010 to the 
Summary Prospectus dated May 1, 2010 
This supplement provides new and additional information beyond that contained in the Summary Prospectus. It should be retained and read
in conjunction with the Summary Prospectus.  The following information* replaces similar information found in the section
titled Principal Investment Strategies:   







 Equity
  
89.0
% 

 Large Cap Equity
  



 MML Blue Chip Growth Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
12
% 

 MML Concentrated Growth Fund (Legg Mason Capital Management, Inc.)
  
3
% 

 MML Equity Fund (OFI/Loomis, Sayles & Company, L.P.)
  
8
% 

 MML Equity Income Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
13
% 

 MML Income & Growth Fund (American Century Investment Management, Inc.)
  
4
% 

 MML Large Cap Growth Fund (Rainier Investment Management, Inc.)
  
6
% 

 Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund (OFI)
  
2
% 




 Total Large Cap Equity
  
48
% 




 Mid Cap Equity
  



 MML Mid Cap Growth Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
7
% 

 MML Mid Cap Value Fund (American Century Investment Management, Inc.)
  
6
% 




 Total Mid Cap Equity
  
13
% 




 Small Cap Equity
  



 MML Small Cap Equity Fund (OFI)
  
1
% 

 MML Small Cap Growth Equity Fund (Wellington Management Company, LLP/Waddell & Reed Investment Management
Company)
  
4
% 

 MML Small Company Value Fund (T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
  
5
% 




 Total Small Cap Equity
  
10
% 




 International/Global Equity
  



 MML Foreign Fund (Templeton Investment Counsel, LLC)
  
4
% 

 MML Global Fund (Massachusetts Financial Services Company)
  
4
% 

 Oppenheimer Global Securities Fund (OFI)
  
3
% 

 Oppenheimer International Growth Fund (OFI)
  
7
% 




 Total International/Global
  
18
% 




 Fixed Income
  
11.0
% 

 MML High Yield Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
1
% 

 MML Inflation-Protected and Income Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
1
% 

 MML Managed Bond Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
4
% 

 MML Short-Duration Bond Fund (Babson Capital Management LLC)
  
3
% 

 Oppenheimer Strategic Bond Fund (OFI)
  
2
%   


*
Information as of June 30, 2010. 
PLEASE RETAIN THIS SUPPLEMENT FOR FUTURE REFERENCE 
10-01 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























Mutual Funds


Mutual funds are a practical, cost-efficient way to build a diversified portfolio of stocks, bonds, or short-term investments. With nearly 70 years in the business, Fidelity offers the tools and experience to help you build an investment strategy that matches your investing style.
Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center








Fidelity mutual funds










Why choose Fidelity funds?

There's a reason we're a world leader in mutual funds1—our rich history, global research, and diverse investment capabilities.




Explore our fund offering

Take advantage of our global network of analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry.
Pricing, Distributions, and Shareholder Information
Year-End Fidelity Fund Distributions




Fidelity Fund Portfolios
                        
						                        
                                                       


						
							
Whether you want to pick your own funds or prefer the hands-off approach, we'll help you find a portfolio that makes the most sense for you.
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Income
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Diversified










 FEATURED INVESTING IDEA
Beating the benchmark

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Active management can help you respond quickly to market changes and maximize your return potential.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED SPOTLIGHT
Fidelity Simplicity RMD FundsSM

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Take the guesswork out of required minimum distributions (RMDs) for certain types of retirement accounts2 by pairing a professionally managed, age-appropriate asset allocation fund with our automated annual RMD withdrawal service.
			                                            
			                                        
												








All funds




Over 10,000 funds from Fidelity & other companies


Fidelity's FundsNetwork allows you to invest in mutual funds from hundreds of fund companies outside of Fidelity, including many available with no transaction fees.3 Explore your financial options by searching through our world class library of funds.



Explore all funds


Morningstar® highly rated funds
Fund Picks From Fidelity®











Featured Tool
Mutual Fund Evaluator4

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Search thousands of funds available through Fidelity. Easily filter and sort by performance criteria and fund characteristics.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED TRIAL
Guest Access

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Sign up for free Guest Access and experience the tools and resources only available to Fidelity customers.
			                                            
			                                        
												


















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.


Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.



Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



          1. Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $6.2 trillion, including managed assets of $2.2 trillion as of May 31, 2017, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 26 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 23,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 12,500 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          2. RMDs do not apply to investments in Roth IRAs or taxable accounts.
	
    

          3.
	
	
	       Other fees and expenses, including those which apply to a continued investment in the fund, are described in the fund's current prospectus. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, or its affiliates, receives compensation in connection with (i) access to, purchase or redemption of, and/or maintenance of positions in mutual funds and other investment products ("funds"), (ii) infrastructure needed to support such funds as well as additional compensation for shareholder services, start-up fees, infrastructure support and maintenance, and other programs and/or (iii) a fund's attendance at events for FBS's clients and/or representatives, and opportunities for the fund to promote its products and services. This compensation may take the form of sales loads and 12b-1 fees described in the prospectus and/or additional compensation paid by the fund, its investment adviser or an affiliate. Fidelity reserves the right to change the funds available without transaction fees and reinstate the fees on any funds. Fidelity will charge a short term trading fee each time you sell or exchange shares of FundsNetwork No Transaction Fee (NTF) funds held less than 60 days (short-term trade).


          4. The Fund Evaluator is provided to help self-directed investors evaluate mutual funds based on their own needs and circumstances. The criteria entered is at the sole discretion of the user and any information obtained should not be considered an offer to buy or sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any securities. You acknowledge that your requests for information are unsolicited and shall neither constitute, nor be considered as investment advice by Fidelity Brokerage Services, LLC., Fidelity Distributors Corporation, or their affiliates (collectively, "Fidelity").
	
    

          Please note: When comparing funds, please consider all important factors, including information pertaining to fund fees, fund features, and fund objectives. While funds may track an index, the indices and strategies employed in seeking to achieve an investment goal may be different. Each fund’s investment object and strategy and index tracked to achieve investment goals may differ. For new investors, funding investment minimums may be different.
	
    


727356.10.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 




Fidelity Funds - Mutual Funds from Fidelity Investments


















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Mutual Funds Overview
























Fidelity Mutual Funds


Invest with a world leader in mutual funds* and you put a global network of 400 analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry to work for you.1 Our extensive resources allow Fidelity's fund managers to look deeply across different regions and sectors to find investment opportunities that others may miss.

Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center














Explore the full spectrum of available Fidelity Funds 
Fidelity Funds cover all asset classes of mutual funds, from domestic equity to specialized sectors, so you can find the mix of funds that helps you to achieve your strategic investment goals.









Domestic Equity




International Equity




Sectors




Fixed Income




Asset Allocation




Index




Money Market









Domestic Equity









Benefits of domestic equity funds


Exposure to successful, innovative, and profitable companies
May offer significant appreciation potential
A good foundation for almost any portfolio for risk-tolerant investors





Why Fidelity domestic equity funds

$755 billion in U.S. equity assets under management1
2,364 stocks covered by more than 200 equity research professionals1
A wide range of highly rated 4- and 5-star Morningstar rated funds2














Large Value


Fidelity® Blue Chip Value Fund (FBCVX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Value Enhanced Fund (FLVEX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Large-Cap Value Fund (FSLVX)

Fidelity® Value Discovery Fund (FVDFX)
Small/Mid Value

Fidelity® Low-Priced Stock Fund (FLPSX)

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Value Fund (FSMVX)

Fidelity® Value Fund (FDVLX)

Fidelity® Value Strategies Fund (FSLSX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Value Fund (FCPVX)
Income-Oriented

Fidelity® Equity Dividend Income Fund (FEQTX)

Fidelity® Equity-Income Fund (FEQIX)

Fidelity® Growth & Income Portfolio Fund (FGRIX)

Fidelity® Dividend Growth Fund (FDGFX)






Large Blend


Fidelity® Disciplined Equity Fund (FDEQX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Core Enhanced Index Fund (FLCEX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Stock Fund (FLCSX)

Fidelity® Mega-Cap Stock Fund (FGRTX)
Small/Mid Blend

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Enhanced Index Fund (FMEIX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Enhanced Index Fund (FCPEX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Stock Fund (FSLCX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Small-Cap Fund (FDSCX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Discovery Fund (FSCRX)
Go-Anywhere

Fidelity® Capital Appreciation Fund (FDCAX)

Fidelity® Contrafund® (FCNTX)

Fidelity® Independence Fund (FDFFX)

Fidelity® Magellan® Fund (FMAGX)

Fidelity® New Millennium Fund (FMILX)






Large Growth


Fidelity® Blue Chip Growth Fund (FBGRX)

Fidelity® Export & Multinational Fund (FEXPX)

Fidelity® Focused Stock Fund (FTQGX)

Fidelity® Fund (FFIDX)

Fidelity® Growth Discovery Fund (FDSVX)

Fidelity® Growth Company Fund (FDGRX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Growth Enhanced Index Fund (FLGEX)

Fidelity® OTC Portfolio (FOCPX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector All Cap Fund (FDSSX)

Fidelity® Trend Fund (FTRNX)
Small/Mid Growth

Fidelity® Growth Strategies Fund (FDEGX)

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Stock Fund (FMCSX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Mid-Cap Fund (FSSMX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Growth Fund (FCPGX)

Diversifiers

Fidelity® Leveraged Company Stock Fund (FLVCX)

Fidelity® Event Driven Opportunities Fund (FARNX)






Research all Fidelity domestic equity funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






A three-step investing strategy


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How to build an investment plan that you can stick with day in and day out to help meet your goals.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





September flows update


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Strong flows persisted for U.S. ETP funds in recent months, while international funds saw mixed results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Hunting for tech innovation


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Companies shaping how we live and work tomorrow may be today's best stocks, says our expert.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





An oil recovery play


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       If oil prices recover, our fund manager says some chemical companies could benefit.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









International Equity









Benefits of international equity funds


More than half the world's companies reside outside the U.S.
Tap into the growth potential in other parts of the world.
Lower the volatility of your profile through diversification.






Why Fidelity international equity funds


50 years of international asset management experience
$200+ billion in international equity assets
25+ years of experience managing emerging market equities

Why Fidelity for international funds (PDF)











Core International
 Fidelity® International Enhanced Index Fund (FIENX)

Fidelity® International Capital Appreciation Fund (FIVFX)

Fidelity® Total International Equity Fund (FTIEX)

Fidelity® International Discovery Fund (FIGRX)

Fidelity® Diversified International Fund (FDIVX)

Fidelity® Overseas Fund (FOSFX)

Fidelity® International Growth Fund (FIGFX)

Fidelity® International Value Fund (FIVLX)

Fidelity® International Small Cap Fund (FISMX)

Fidelity® International Small Cap Opportunities Fund (FSCOX)






Regional & Single Country


Fidelity® China Region Fund (FHKCX)

Fidelity® Emerging Asia Fund (FSEAX)

Fidelity® Emerging Europe, Middle East, Africa Fund (FEMEX)

Fidelity® Europe Fund (FIEUX)

Fidelity® Latin America Fund (FLATX)

Fidelity® Nordic Fund (FNORX)

Fidelity® Pacific Basin Fund (FPBFX)

Fidelity® Canada Fund (FICDX)

Fidelity® Japan Fund (FJPNX)

Fidelity® Japan Smaller Companies Fund (FJSCX)






Global


Fidelity® Worldwide Fund (FWWFX)

Fidelity® Global Equity Income Fund (FGILX)
Emerging Markets

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Fund (FEMKX)

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Discovery Fund (FEDDX)

Fidelity® Total Emerging Markets Fund (FTEMX)






Research all Fidelity international equity funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Washington watch


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four experts on post-election market moves and policies ahead.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Investing internationally


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Domestic stocks may not always outperform international.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





International myths


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Common misconceptions about international investments could be costly.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





International: U.S. may lead


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Consider foreign stocks with U.S. growth exposure—plus select opportunities in Brazil, India, and Europe.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Sectors









Benefits of sector funds


Tactical investment approaches, such as sector rotation strategies
More precise asset allocation
Greater diversification of your portfolio






Why Fidelity sector funds


44 actively managed sector funds
Latest sector research
400+ analysts

Why Invest in Sectors at Fidelity













Consumer Discretionary


Fidelity® Select Consumer Discretionary Portfolio (FSCPX)

Fidelity® Select Automotive Portfolio (FSAVX)

Fidelity® Select Leisure Portfolio (FDLSX)

Fidelity® Select Multimedia Portfolio (FBMPX)

Fidelity® Select Retailing Portfolio (FSRPX)

Fidelity® Select Construction & Housing Portfolio (FSHOX)
Consumer Staples

Fidelity® Select Consumer Staples Portfolio (FDFAX)
Energy

Fidelity® Select Energy Portfolio (FSENX)

Fidelity® Select Energy Service Portfolio (FSESX)

Fidelity® Select Natural Gas Portfolio (FSNGX)

Fidelity® Select Natural Resources Portfolio (FNARX)
Financials

Fidelity® Select Financial Services Portfolio (FIDSX)

Fidelity® Select Banking Portfolio (FSRBX)

Fidelity® Select Brokerage and Investment Management Portfolio (FSLBX)

Fidelity® Select Consumer Finance Portfolio (FSVLX)

Fidelity® Select Insurance Portfolio (FSPCX)




Health Care

Fidelity® Select Health Care Portfolio (FSPHX)

Fidelity® Select Biotechnology Portfolio (FBIOX)

Fidelity® Select Health Care Services Portfolio (FSHCX)

Fidelity® Select Medical Equipment and Systems Portfolio (FSMEX)

Fidelity® Select Pharmaceuticals Portfolio (FPHAX)
Industrials

Fidelity® Select Industrials Portfolio (FCYIX)

Fidelity® Select Air Transportation Portfolio (FSAIX)

Fidelity® Select Defense and Aerospace Portfolio (FSDAX)

Fidelity® Select Environment & Alternative Energy Portfolio (FSLEX)

Fidelity® Select Industrial Equipment Portfolio (FSCGX)

Fidelity® Select Transportation Portfolio (FSRFX)
Information Technology

Fidelity® Select Technology Portfolio (FSPTX)

Fidelity® Select Communications Equipment (FSDCX)

Fidelity® Select Computers Portfolio (FDCPX)

Fidelity® Select Semiconductors Portfolio (FSELX)

Fidelity® Select IT Services Portfolio (FBSOX)

Fidelity® Select Software and IT Services Portfolio (FSCSX)




Materials

Fidelity® Select Materials Portfolio (FSDPX)

Fidelity® Select Chemicals Portfolio (FSCHX)

Fidelity® Select Gold Portfolio (FSAGX)

Fidelity® Global Commodity Stock Fund (FFGCX)
Real Estate

Fidelity® Real Estate Investment Portfolio (FRESX)

Fidelity® Real Estate Index Fund (FRXIX)

Fidelity® Real Estate Income Fund (FRIFX)

Fidelity® International Real Estate Fund (FIREX)

Fidelity® Select Construction and Housing Portfolio (FSHOX)
Telecommunications

Fidelity® Select Telecommunications Portfolio (FSTCX)

Fidelity® Select Wireless Portfolio (FWRLX)
Utilities

Fidelity® Select Utilities Portfolio (FSUTX)

Fidelity® Telecom & Utilities Fund (FIUIX)






Research all Fidelity sector funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






ETFs for the 2nd half


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are some ETF opportunities to consider after recent developments.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





3 tech trends


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Think international tech, machine learning, and cloud computing.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Targeting ETFs


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Two ways the Fidelity ETF screener can help you find investment opportunities that fit your strategy.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Sector winners


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Tech, financials, and industrials were positive, most sectors had mixed results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Fixed Income









Benefits of fixed income funds


Potential for capital preservation, depending on the fund
Income generation
Liquidity





Why Fidelity fixed income funds

One of the country's largest and most experienced investment organizations
$925+ billion in bond assets1
Over 600 investment professionals located around the world1














Short Duration


Fidelity® Conservative Income Bond Fund (FCONX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund (FCRDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FMNDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FCNVX)

Fidelity® Short-Term Bond Fund (FSHBX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Bond Fund (FJRLX)

Fidelity® Short Duration High Income Fund (FSAHX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Government Fund (FFXSX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Municipal Income Fund (FSTFX)

Fidelity® California Limited Term Tax-Free Bond Fund (FCSTX)

Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRHX)
Corporate

Fidelity® Corporate Bond Fund (FCBFX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Bond Fund (FJRLX)
Mortgage

Fidelity® Mortgage Securities Fund (FMSFX)

Fidelity® GNMA Fund (FGMNX)
Government

Fidelity® Intermediate Government Income Fund (FSTGX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Government Fund (FFXSX)

Fidelity® Government Income Fund (FGOVX)

Fidelity® Inflation-Protected Bond Fund (FINPX)




Diversified/Opportunistic

Fidelity® Total Bond Fund (FTBFX)

Fidelity® Strategic Income Fund (FSICX)

Fidelity® Capital & Income Fund (FAGIX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Bond (FTHRX)

Fidelity®Investment Grade Bond (FBNDX)
International

Fidelity® Global Credit Fund (FGBFX)

Fidelity® New Markets Income Fund (FNMIX)

Fidelity® Global High Income Fund (FGHNX)
High Yield

Fidelity® High Income Fund (SPHIX)

Fidelity® Short Duration High Income Fund (FSAHX)

Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRHX)

Fidelity® Focused High Income Fund (FHIFX)

Fidelity® Global High Income Fund (FGHNX) Fidelity® Capital & Income Fund (FAGIX)




Municipal - National

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund (FCRDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FMNDX)

Fidelity Tax-Free Bond Fund (FTABX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income Fund (FHIGX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Municipal Income Fund (FLTMX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Municipal Income Fund (FSTFX)

Fidelity Municipal Income 2019 Fund (FMCFX)

Fidelity Municipal Income 2021 Fund (FOCFX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income 2023 Fund (FCHPX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income 2025 Fund (FIMSX)
Municipal – State

Fidelity Arizona Municipal Income Fund (FSAZX)

Fidelity® California Limited Term Tax-Free Bond Fund (FCSTX)

Fidelity® California Municipal Income Fund (FCTFX)

Fidelity® Connecticut Municipal Income Fund (FICNX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund (FDMMX)

Fidelity Maryland Municipal Income Fund (SMDMX)

Fidelity® Michigan Municipal Income Fund (FMHTX)

Fidelity® Minnesota Municipal Income Fund (FIMIX)

Fidelity® New Jersey Municipal Income Fund (FNJHX)

Fidelity® New York Municipal Income Fund (FTFMX)

Fidelity® Ohio Municipal Income Fund (FOHFX)

Fidelity® Pennsylvania Municipal Income Fund (FPXTX)






Research all Fidelity fixed income funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Tips for volatility


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       When markets get choppy, it pays to have a plan, and to stick to it.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Mutual fund or ETF?


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Key factors to consider before buying include your tax bracket, fees, trading flexibility, and investment style.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Strategies for retirees


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       If you’re nearing or in retirement, make sure your plan is solid—and stay the course, even in volatile markets.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Perspective on rate changes


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four reasons why bond investors may want to ignore short-term concerns about an interest rate change.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Asset Allocation









Benefits of asset allocation funds


Asset class diversification
Disciplined, ongoing asset allocation
Managed to help meet your needs for income and growth potential





Why Fidelity asset allocation funds

Over 25 years of delivering innovative asset allocation strategies
Professionally-managed strategies provide ongoing diversification through underlying fixed income and equity building blocks
Dedicated research teams provide macroeconomic, quantitative and fundamental insights with broader access to Fidelity's research professionals

Fidelity’s asset allocation philosophy











Target Date

Fidelity Freedom® 2005 Fund (FFFVX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2010 Fund (FFFCX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2015 Fund (FFVFX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2020 Fund (FFFDX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2025 Fund (FFTWX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2030 Fund (FFFEX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2035 Fund (FFTHX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2040 Fund (FFFFX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2045 Fund (FFFGX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2050 Fund (FFFHX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2055 Fund (FDEEX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2060 Fund (FDKVX)

Fidelity Freedom® Income Fund (FFFAX)




Target Risk

Fidelity Asset Manager® 20% (FASIX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 30% (FTANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 40% (FFANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 50% (FASMX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 60% (FSANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 70% (FASGX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 85% (FAMRX)

Income and Real Return Strategies

Fidelity® Strategic Income Fund (FSICX)

Fidelity® Strategic Dividend & Income® Fund (FSDIX)

Fidelity® Strategic Real Return Fund (FSRRX)
Balanced Allocation

Fidelity Asset Manager® 60% (FSANX)

Fidelity® Balanced Fund (FBALX)

Fidelity® Global Balanced Fund (FGBLX)

Fidelity® Global Strategies Fund (FDYSX)

Fidelity® Puritan® Fund (FPURX)




Simplicity RMD Funds

Fidelity Simplicity RMD Income Fund (FIRNX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2005 Fund (FIRPX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2010 Fund (FIRRX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2015 Fund (FIRUX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2020 Fund (FIRWX)






Research all Fidelity asset allocation funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Retirement math


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four key guidelines to help you stay on track on your journey to retirement—your “someday.”
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





How can I make my savings last?


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Limit withdrawals to no more than 4% to 5% in the first year of retirement and adjust for inflation annually.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





6 habits of successful investors


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Planning, consistency, and sound fundamentals can improve results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Upside to down markets


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are five ways that may help take advantage of falling prices.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Index









Benefits of index funds


Generally lower management fees
Potentially more tax-efficient
Reduced portfolio turnover





Why Fidelity index funds

Nearly 30 years of experience managing index funds
Some of the least expensive index funds in the industry
Funds that track the most widely followed equity and fixed income indexes

Why Fidelity Index Funds











Domestic Stock
Fidelity® 500 Index Fund

Investor Class (FUSEX)
Premium Class (FUSVX)

Fidelity® Extended Market Index Fund

Investor Class (FSEMX)
Premium Class (FSEVX)

Fidelity® Mid Cap Index Fund

Investor Class (FSCLX)
Premium Class (FSCKX)

Fidelity® Small Cap Index Fund

Investor Class (FSSPX)
Premium Class (FSSVX)

Fidelity® U.S. Sustainability Index Fund

Investor Class (FENSX)
Premium Class (FPNSX)

Fidelity® Total Market Index Fund

Investor Class (FSTMX)
Premium Class (FSTVX)

Fidelity® Nasdaq® Composite Index Fund (FNCMX)
Fidelity® Large Cap Growth Index Fund

Investor Class (FSUIX)
Premium Class (FSUPX)

Fidelity® Large Cap Value Index Fund

Investor Class (FLCDX)
Premium Class (FLCHX)





International Stock
Fidelity® International Index Fund

Investor Class (FSIIX)
Premium Class (FSIVX)

Fidelity® Global ex US Index Fund

Investor Class (FSGUX)
Premium Class (FSGDX)

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Index Fund

Investor Class (FPEMX)
Premium Class (FPMAX)

Fidelity® International Sustainability Index Fund

Investor Class (FNIYX)
Premium Class (FNIRX)

Fidelity® Total International Index Fund

Investor Class (FTIGX)
Premium Class (FTIPX)

Speciality
Fidelity® Real Estate Index Fund

Investor Class (FRXIX)
Premium Class (FSRVX)

Fidelity® Four-in-One Index Fund (FFNOX)




Bond
Fidelity® U.S. Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FBIDX)
Premium Class (FSITX)

Fidelity® Short-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FSBIX)
Premium Class (FSBAX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FIBIX)
Premium Class (FIBAX)

Fidelity® Long-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FLBIX)
Premium Class (FLBAX)

Fidelity® Inflation-Protected Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FSIQX)
Premium Class (FSIYX)







Research all Fidelity index funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Active and passive


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How a mix of both approaches can suit an investor’s preferences.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Cost of investing


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Investing costs, including fees charged by funds, erode your returns over time. Here’s what you need to know.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Three myths of index funds


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Learn how actively managed mutual funds can help investors during volatile or down markets.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Shop smart


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Costs can really vary among seemingly similar passive investments such as ETFs and index funds. Learn how.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Money Market









Benefits of money market funds


Short maturities and minimal credit risk
Choice of either U.S. Treasury or government fund as the core position to handle trades and transactions in any type of account
Municipal funds potentially offer tax-exempt income for non-retirement accounts

How Fidelity is staying ahead of regulatory changes




Why Fidelity money market funds

Experience managing $400+ billion in assets for millions of customers1
Emphasis on stability and safety as first priorities for investors' assets
Broad set of choices to suit retirement and non-retirement investing goals

How Fidelity manages money market funds











Treasury and Government Money Market3

Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX)

Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZCXX)

Fidelity® Government Cash Reserves (FDRXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Class I (FIGXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Institutional Class (FRGXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Only - Class I (FSIXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Only - Institutional Class (FRSXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Class I (FISXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Institutional Class (FRBXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Trust Retirement Government Money Market II Portfolio (FRTXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Trust Retirement Government Money Market Portfolio (FGMXX)

Fidelity® Treasury Money Market Fund (FZFXX)

Fidelity® Treasury Only Money Market Fund (FDLXX)




State Municipal Money Market4

Retail Municipal

Fidelity® Arizona Municipal Money Market Fund (FSAXX)

Fidelity® California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSPXX)

Fidelity® California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FSBXX)

Fidelity® California Municipal Money Market Fund (FCFXX)

Fidelity® Connecticut Municipal Money Market Fund (FCMXX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FMSXX)

Fidelity Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FMAXX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts Municipal Money Market Fund (FDMXX)

Fidelity® Michigan Municipal Money Market Fund (FMIXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSJXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FSKXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey Municipal Money Market Fund (FNJXX)

Fidelity® New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSNXX)

Fidelity® New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FNKXX)

Fidelity® New York Municipal Money Market Fund (FNYXX)

Fidelity® Ohio Municipal Money Market Fund (FOMXX)

Fidelity® Pennsylvania Municipal Money Market Fund (FPTXX)




National Municipal Money Market4

Retail Municipal

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Tax Exempt - Class I (FTCXX)

Fidelity® Municipal Money Market Fund (FTEXX)

Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market (FMOXX)

Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZEXX)
Prime (General Purpose) Money Market

Retail Prime4

Fidelity® Investments Money Market - Money Market Portfolio - Class I (FMPXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market - Money Market Portfolio - Institutional Class (FNSXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Fund (SPRXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZDXX)
Institutional Prime5

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Prime Reserves Portfolio – CL I (FDPXX)

Fidelity® Investment Money Market Prime Reserves Portfolio – Institutional Class (FHPXX)






Research all Fidelity money market funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Seek more yield on cash


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are some ways to potentially boost the income from your cash.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Rising interest rates and you


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Your savings may earn a bit more if the Federal Reserve raises rates—but you may pay more to borrow money too.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Money market update


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How Fidelity responded to new U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regulations.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





4 ways to earn more on savings


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Some savings and investing options offer higher yields than a savings account—with potentially more risk.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Next steps







Explore Fidelity Fund Portfolios










Research all Fidelity Funds










Sign up for free Guest Access












Additional information


Learn more about mutual funds
Fidelity Fund Quarterly Commentary
Fidelity's High Income Capabilities (PDF)















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.







Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.


          * Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $5.6 trillion, including managed assets of $2.1 trillion as of September 30, 2016, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 24 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 20,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 10,000 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          1. Fidelity Management & Research Company and Fidelity Institutional Asset Management, as of 9/30/16. Data is unaudited. These figures reflect the resources of Fidelity Management & Research Company, a U.S. company, and its subsidiaries. Research professionals include portfolio managers, research analysts and research associates.
	
    

          2. Highly rated funds are defined as those funds that have a 4- or 5-Star Morningstar rating. For each fund, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar RatingTM metric each month by subtracting the return on a 90-day U.S. Treasury Bill from the fund's load-adjusted return for the same period, and then adjusting this excess return for risk. The top 10% of funds in each broad asset class receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) Although gathered from reliable sources, data completeness and accuracy cannot be guaranteed by Morningstar.
	
    

          3. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time. Fidelity's government and U.S. Treasury money market funds will not impose a fee upon the sale of your shares, nor temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's weekly liquid assets fall below 30% of its total assets because of market conditions or other factors.
	
    

          4. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund's sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          5. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Because the share price of the fund will fluctuate, when you sell your shares they may be worth more or less than what you originally paid for them. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund's sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


          Foreign securities are subject to interest rate, currency exchange rate, economic, and political risks, all of which are magnified in emerging markets.
	
    

The securities of smaller, less well known companies can be more volatile than those of larger companies.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible.



Indexes are unmanaged. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.



727360.14.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income & Real Return Strategy Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Strategic Funds are multi-asset-class strategies that seek to address key income needs—bond income from global sources, non-bond income from dividend-paying securities, and real return to help protect against inflation—by investing in a diversified mix of fixed income and/or equity investments chosen for their historical combined performance.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income Replacement Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Income Replacement FundsSM combine the power of professional asset management with professionally managed withdrawals to help turn part of your savings into regular monthly payments.*














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Target Risk Funds
                                                        

                                           








For investors who want a fund that maintains a target asset allocation that reflects the tolerance for risk with which they are comfortable. Funds contain a professionally managed allocation of stocks, bonds, and short-term investments.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Target Date Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Freedom® Funds, also called target date funds, are all-in-one investment strategies that can help take the guesswork out of building and maintaining an age-based retirement portfolio.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Balanced Allocation Funds
                                                        

                                           








World allocation funds invest in a wide range of asset classes, giving the manager the flexibility to pursue investment opportunities anywhere around the globe.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Corporate Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in bonds issued by corporations. The yields and risks are generally higher than those offered by government and most municipal bonds, and the income is subject to state and federal taxes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Diversified/Opportunistic Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest across a diverse range of fixed income sectors, including high yield securities, U.S. Government and investment-grade securities, emerging market securities and foreign developed market debt. Some funds may also invest a portion of the portfolio in equity securities.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Government Funds
                                                        

                                           








Government bond funds invest in bonds issued by the U.S. government and government-sponsored enterprises, as well as mortgage and other asset-backed securities.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           High Yield Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








High yield bond funds take higher risks with the goal of paying higher yields by investing primarily in securities that are either not rated, or have been rated below investment grade by the major ratings agencies—for taxable funds, BB and below.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           International Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








International bond funds invest in a range of taxable bonds issued by foreign governments and corporations.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Mortgage Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in securities backed by pools of mortgages issued by government agencies, banks, or other financial institutions.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Municipal – National Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in municipal bonds issued by various state and local governments. The income from these bonds is generally free from federal taxes, although a portion may be subject to state and local taxes, as well as the federal alternative minimum tax (AMT).














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Municipal – State Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest primarily in municipal bonds issued in a specific state. Each state-specific category includes long, intermediate, and short duration bond funds. The income from all state-specific funds is generally exempt from federal and state taxes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Short Duration Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Short duration bond funds can help you manage the impact of interest rate changes on your portfolio. They can also offer higher yields in comparison to cash investments. Our short duration funds have an average duration that's typically less than five years, and offer varying yields and levels of credit risk.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Diversifiers Funds
                                                        

                                           








These specialized strategies pursue specific and sometimes narrower opportunities and can come with a higher potential risk/reward ratio. They are often used as diversifiers within a well-balanced portfolio.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Go-Anywhere Funds
                                                        

                                           








Unconstrained by Morningstar categories, these funds can cast a wider net and have the flexibility to seek the best ideas anywhere in the market—regardless of market capitalization or style. .














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income-Oriented Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in stocks that pay dividends in line with or higher than the broader market. This strategy, known as equity income investing, can be an attractive alternative to bond investing as it seeks to offer greater protection against inflation as well as potential for capital appreciation.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Blend Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion. These funds invest in a combination of growth- and value-oriented stocks.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Growth Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe are poised for growth. Growth can be based on a variety of factors, such as revenue or earnings growth. Growth funds are typically focused on generating capital gains rather than income.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Value Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe have been undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Blend Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values below $10 billion. These funds invest in a combination of growth- and value-oriented stocks.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Growth Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values between $2 billion and $10 billion that fund managers believe are poised for growth. Growth can be based on a variety of factors, such as revenue or earnings growth. Growth funds are typically focused on generating capital gains rather than income.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Value Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values below $10 billion that fund managers believe are undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Bond Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to mirror the performance of an index such as the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index or the Barclays U.S. 1–5 Year Treasury Bond Index.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Domestic Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to mimic the performance of a major U.S. equity index, such as the S&P 500 or the Russell 2000 indexes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           International Stock Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to track the performance of well-known international equity indexes, such as the FTSE Emerging Index or the MSCI EAFE Index.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Speciality Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to track the performance of a narrow segment of the market such as precious metals. They can also employ a nontraditional investment approach like investing in a fund that tracks both equity and bond indexes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Core International Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in stocks issued by companies throughout the world, except for the U.S.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Emerging Markets Funds
                                                        

                                           








Focus on stocks issued by companies based in countries with less developed economies.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Global Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in stocks issued by companies around the world, including the U.S.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Regional & Single Country Funds
                                                        

                                           








Focus on a particular country or area of the world, such as Europe, Asia-Pacific, or Latin America.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           National Municipal Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes, and in some cases the alternative minimum tax.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           General Purpose (Prime) Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high‐quality, U.S. dollar‐denominated, short‐term taxable money market securities from government and private issuers, including corporations.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity general purpose (prime) money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           State Municipal Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes and may be exempt from state income taxes depending on your state of residence.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Treasury and Government Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in U.S. Treasury and other taxable U.S. government securities.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity U.S. Treasury and government money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Consumer Discretionary Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Consumer Discretionary sector manufacture goods or provide services that people want but, don't necessarily need, such as high-definition televisions, new cars, and family vacations.
Learn about consumer discretionary funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Consumer Staples Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Consumer Staples sector consists of companies that provide goods and services that people use on a daily basis, like food, clothing, or other personal products.
Learn about consumer staples funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Energy Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Energy sector consists of companies involved in the exploration, production, or management of energy resources such as oil, gas, and coal, as well as companies that service these industries.
Learn more about energy funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Financials Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Financials sector are engaged in businesses such as banking and brokerage, mortgage finance, insurance, or real estate development.
Learn more about financials funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Health Care Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Health Care sector includes companies engaged in the production and delivery of medicine and health care–related goods and services.
Learn more about health care funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Industrials Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Industrials sector includes companies that manufacture and distribute capital goods in support of industries such as aerospace and defense, construction and engineering, and electrical equipment and heavy machinery.
Learn more about industrial funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Information Technology Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Information Technology sector comprises companies that are engaged in the creation, storage, and exchange of digital information.
Learn more about information technology funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Materials Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Materials sector consists of companies that are engaged in the manufacturing or processing of chemicals and plastics, the harvesting of forests, or the extraction of metals and minerals.
Learn more about materials funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Real Estate Funds
                                                        

                                           








Real estate exposure can be obtained through a variety of different types of securities, including common stocks, bonds, preferred stocks, and securities of real estate investment trusts (REITs) and commercial mortgage backed securities (CMBs).
Learn more about real estate funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Telecommunications Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Telecommunications sector provide traditional fixed-line telephone, wireless, and data services. These companies can also be engaged in the designing, building, and servicing of communications devices and networks.
Learn more about telecommunications funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Utilities Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Utilities sector includes companies that engage in the production and delivery of electric power, natural gas, water, and other utility services, such as steam and cooled air.
Learn more about utilities funds























 










Fund Picks from Fidelity | Fidelity Investments







Loading...















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 
















 You are here: 

Home »
Research »
Mutual Funds »


























Fund Picks From Fidelity®



			You need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser to access this content.
			





Every quarter, we screen all funds available through Fidelity, including those managed by other fund companies, to provide you with a list of funds that meet our selection criteria.


Funds have no transaction fees*
Investment profiles are taken into account, including key features and investment minimums
Three-year performance history is tracked
Funds offer highest three-year risk-adjusted returns within Morningstar category








Search Fund Picks
































© 1998 – 2015 FMR LLC.
All rights reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map





















Mutual Funds Research | Fidelity Investments









Loading...














Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 













 You are here: 

Home »
Mutual Funds Research
























Mutual Funds Research


Search funds by name, symbol, family, or Top 10 Holding Find a mutual fund
										










									You need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser to access this content.
								







 Gathering Results


NEW - Organize and track your favorite funds with My Research. Get Started  .


SEARCH AND COMPARE FUNDS








Learn more














* Compared to Morningstar category average








MatchingFunds



























Questions?
800-343-3548

Instant message a representative



Why choose Fidelity?
Investing with Fidelity gives you access to over 10,000 funds from hundreds of fund companies, making it easy to find the right funds for any investment need.

Learn more about investing with Fidelity



Education

What are Mutual Funds?
Types of Mutual Funds



Learn More

My Research 
Fidelity funds daily prices
Browse Fidelity funds
Browse all Funds




























© 1998 – 2015 FMR LLC.
All rights reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map












 


















Mutual funds - Investing in a mutual fund | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps







Mutual funds can help lower investing risks
Take some of the anxiety out of investing by letting a mutual fund do a little of the work for you.



EXPLORE ALL OUR MUTUAL FUNDS
Get a complete portfolio in one fund

Review a short list of Vanguard Select Funds™

Browse Vanguard funds by asset class


Give your money a chance to grow



Investing in mutual funds offers benefits you won't get from trading individual stocks and bonds on your own.




Less risk through more diversification
One mutual fund can invest in hundreds—sometimes thousands—of individual securities at once. So if any one security does poorly, the others are there to help offset that risk.
 




Lower costs
With a no-load mutual fund, you pay one (hopefully low) expense ratio—instead of racking up the commissions you'd pay when buying and selling individual securities yourself.
See how low-cost, no-load mutual funds are just the start 

Get details on fees & minimums for Vanguard mutual funds 

 




Professional management
You don't have to keep track of every security your mutual fund owns. The fund is managed by experts who take care of that for you.
 




Convenience
You can buy and sell mutual fund shares online or by phone and set up automatic investments and withdrawals.
 

Consider your mutual fund options








Choosing which Vanguard mutual funds to invest in can be as simple as picking one fund to do the work of an entire portfolio or as customized as building your portfolio from a variety of fund options.
Explore different types of mutual funds 

Get help & advice to narrow your options 

 




Once you've selected your funds, it's easy to open your account online.
See how easy it is to open an account

 





Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



INVESTOR EDUCATION

Define your goals & have a plan for achieving them

See how 9 model portfolios have performed in the past
WANT TO LEARN MORE?

Read more about what a mutual fund is

Get more basic mutual fund information





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.No-load mutual fund







A fund that charges no sales fees either on the front end (when you buy fund shares) or back end (when you sell fund shares).




Return to main page







Layer opened.Expense ratio







A mutual fund's annual operating expenses, expressed as a percentage of the fund's average net assets. It's calculated annually and removed from the fund's earnings before they're distributed to investors, directly reducing investors' returns.An expense ratio includes management, administrative, marketing, and distribution fees. It doesn't include loads or purchase or redemption fees.




Return to main page








	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss.
	Vanguard average expense ratio: 0.12%. Industry average expense ratio: 0.62%. All averages are asset-weighted. Industry averages exclude Vanguard. Sources: Vanguard and Morningstar, Inc., as of December 31, 2016.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01

































Balanced mutual funds for asset allocation | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 




Choose your funds
 




Fund categories
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps








Vanguard balanced funds


100% of our low-cost balanced funds performed better than their peer-group averages over the past 10 years.*




Get a mix of stocks and bonds in one fund
Combine the potential for income and growth



Balanced mutual funds invest in both bonds, which focus primarily on income, and stocks, which aim for investment growth.

Add stability to your portfolio



The bond portion of the fund helps offset the risks associated with the stock portion—providing you with a "balanced" investment.

Automatically maintain your asset mix



You never have to rebalance a balanced fund—it's done for you automatically. Some funds maintain a set asset mix, while others grow more conservative over time.

Spread out your exposure to risk



By potentially holding hundreds—sometimes thousands—of bonds and stocks in a single balanced fund, you get more diversification than you would buying individual bonds and stocks.

How to choose a balanced fund



Picking a Vanguard balanced fund generally depends on whether you're investing for a specific goal, like retirement, or you have another goal in mind.

Target Retirement Funds



If you're investing for retirement, you can get a complete portfolio in a single fund with a Vanguard Target Retirement Fund. Simply choose a fund based on the date you plan to retire or your current age, and the fund will gradually grow more conservative the closer you get to retirement.
See which Target Retirement Fund fits your timeline


LifeStrategy Funds



If you'd prefer a fund that maintains a set asset mix, a LifeStrategy® Fund can help you reach other financial goals.
Match your risk tolerance to a LifeStrategy Fund


Managed Payout Fund



If you're looking to generate income in retirement, Vanguard Managed Payout Fund** might be appropriate for you.
Get income from the Managed Payout Fund


Traditional balanced funds



If you'd like a set asset allocation based on the level of risk you're comfortable with, choose from a variety of traditional index or actively managed balanced funds.
See a complete list of Vanguard balanced funds

Compare index funds vs. actively managed funds






Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



LEARN ABOUT OTHER FUND TYPES

Money market funds

Bond funds

Stock funds

International funds

Sector & specialty funds
NEED SOME GUIDANCE?

Get help & advice to narrow your options





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.Balanced mutual funds







Balanced mutual funds invest in stocks, bonds, and sometimes cash or other investments—all in a single fund.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Rebalancing







Rebalancing involves periodically buying and selling the stocks, bonds, cash, or other investments in your portfolio to maintain your original or desired mix of those assets.




Return to main page








footnote*For the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017, 23 of 23 Vanguard balanced funds outperformed their Lipper peer-group averages. Results will vary for other time periods. Only mutual funds and ETFs (exchange-traded funds) with a minimum 10-year history were included in the comparison. Source: Lipper, a Thomson Reuters Company. The competitive performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results. View fund performance
footnote**Vanguard Managed Payout Fund is protected by U.S. Patent Nos. 8,180,695 and 8,185,464.
	Investments in Target Retirement Funds are subject to the risks of their underlying funds. The year in the fund name refers to the approximate year (the target date) when an investor in the fund would retire and leave the workforce. The fund will gradually shift its emphasis from more aggressive investments to more conservative ones based on its target date. An investment in a Target Retirement Fund is not guaranteed at any time, including on or after the target date.
	Each LifeStrategy Fund invests in 4 broadly diversified Vanguard funds and is subject to the risks associated with those underlying funds.
	The Managed Payout Fund is not guaranteed to achieve its investment objectives, is subject to loss, and some of its distributions may be treated in part as a return of capital. The dollar amount of the fund's monthly cash distributions could go up or down substantially from one year to the next and over time. It is also possible for the fund to suffer substantial investment losses and simultaneously experience additional asset reductions as a result of its distributions to shareholders under its managed-distribution policy. An investment in the fund could lose money over short, intermediate, or even long periods of time because the fund allocates its assets worldwide across different asset classes and investments with specific risk and return characteristics. Diversification does not necessarily ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market. The fund is proportionately subject to the risks associated with its underlying funds, which may invest in stocks (including stocks issued by REITs), bonds, cash, inflation-linked investments, commodity-linked investments, long/short market-neutral investments, and leveraged absolute return investments.
	The Managed Payout Fund may not be appropriate for all investors. For example, depending on the time horizon, retirement income needs, and tax bracket, an investment in the Managed Payout Fund might not be appropriate for younger investors not currently in retirement, in IRAs or other tax-advantaged accounts for those investors under 59½, or for participants in employer-sponsored plans. Investors who hold the Managed Payout Fund within a tax-advantaged retirement account should consult their tax advisors to discuss tax consequences that could result if payments are distributed from their core account prior to age 59½ or if they plan to use the Managed Payout Fund, in whole or in part, to meet their required minimum distribution (RMD) obligations. Distributions from the Managed Payout Fund are unlikely to precisely match an investor's IRA RMD obligations. In addition, use of the Managed Payout Fund may be restricted in employer-sponsored plans by the terms of the governing plan documents and/or at the discretion of the plan administrator. Review the information carefully with your financial advisor before deciding whether the Managed Payout Fund is right for you.
	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01

































Index funds | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 




Choose your funds
 




Index vs. active funds
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps







Index funds could help lower long-term costs
Get the high quality and low costs you'd expect from the company that introduced indexing to individual investors.
What are index mutual funds?



Instead of hiring fund managers to actively select which stocks or bonds the fund will hold, an index fund buys all (or a representative sample) of the securities in a specific index, like the S&P 500 Index.The goal of an index fund is to track the performance of a specific market benchmark as closely as possible. That's why you may hear it referred to as a "passively managed" fund.

Index funds offer built-in benefits








Low costs
Because index funds hold investments until the index itself changes, they generally have lower management and transaction costs.
 




Lower risk through broader diversification
Some index funds give you exposure to potentially thousands of securities in a single fund.
 




Tax efficiency
Broad index funds generally don't trade as much as actively managed funds might, so they're typically generating less taxable income, which reduces the drag on your investments.
 
Compare index funds vs. actively managed funds 

Could actively managed funds help you beat the market?

Read more about what you should consider when choosing an index fund


You can get an index fund anywhere—why Vanguard?








We started the indexing revolution
Vanguard launched the first index fund for individual investors in 1976, and we've been fine-tuning both our benchmark selections and tracking skills ever since.Today, we have more than 60 unique funds that track indexes across the bond and stock markets, both U.S. and international, as well as sector-specific areas of the markets.
See a complete list of Vanguard index funds 

 




We've made it our business to keep your costs low
The average Vanguard index fund expense ratio is 71% less than the industry average.*
See the difference low-cost mutual funds can make 

See how Admiral™ Shares help lower your costs even more 

 


Low-cost investing for everyone



Our passion for low costs will always be our driving force. When others take notice, expense ratios fall more broadly. Everyone wins!
Learn more about The Vanguard Effect™


How would index funds fit into your portfolio?



Because of their low costs, broader diversification, and tax efficiency, index funds could be appropriate for any portion of your portfolio. In fact, the right balance of four of our broadest index funds could give you a complete portfolio, with full exposure to U.S. and international stock and bond markets.Get details on:
Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund 

Vanguard Total International Bond Index Fund 

Vanguard Total Stock Market Index Fund 

Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund 
Need to figure out how much of your money to put into each of these funds? Start with your asset allocation—meaning, the combination of funds that could help you reach your goals.
Set your asset allocation with our investor questionnaire






Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



INTERESTED IN ETFs?
Choose from more than 60 Vanguard ETFs® covering the U.S. and international stock and bond markets as well as industry-specific sectors.
Experience the Vanguard ETF® advantage





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.Market benchmark







An unmanaged group of securities whose overall performance is used as a standard to measure investment performance.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Could actively managed funds help you beat the market?







Consider what's happened over the past 15 years1—only about 11% of active stock fund managers and 13% of active bond fund managers have outperformed their designated benchmarks.When you're trying to track the markets and not beat them, you can worry less about how accurate your predictions may be.




Active stock fund managers

				11% outperformed benchmarks.

				89% underperformed benchmarks.


 




Active bond fund managers

				13% outperformed benchmarks.

				87% underperformed benchmarks.


 




footnote1Sources: Vanguard calculations, using data from Morningstar, Inc. Based on funds' excess returns relative to their prospectus benchmark for the 15-year period ending December 31, 2016.



Return to main page







Layer opened.Asset allocation







The way an investment portfolio is divided among the broader asset classes of stocks, bonds, and short-term reserves. Also known as "asset mix."




Return to main page








footnote*Vanguard average index fund expense ratio: 0.08%. Industry average index fund expense ratio: 0.28%. Vanguard average expense ratio: 0.12%. Industry average expense ratio: 0.62%. All averages are asset-weighted. Industry averages exclude Vanguard. Sources: Vanguard and Morningstar, Inc., as of December 31, 2016.
	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market. Bond funds are subject to the risk that an issuer will fail to make payments on time and that bond prices will decline because of rising interest rates or negative perceptions of an issuer's ability to make payments. Investments in stocks issued by non-U.S. companies are subject to risks including country/regional risk, which is the chance that political upheaval, financial troubles, or natural disasters will adversely affect the value of securities issued by companies in foreign countries or regions; and currency risk, which is the chance that the value of a foreign investment, measured in U.S. dollars, will decrease because of unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates. Funds that concentrate on a relatively narrow market sector face the risk of higher share-price volatility. Past performance is no guarantee of future returns. The performance of an index is not an exact representation of any particular investment, as you cannot invest directly in an index.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01

































No-load mutual funds | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps







Low-cost, no-load funds are just the start
Get the most for your money: low costs, diligent fund management, and exceptional service.
What you can expect from Vanguard no-load mutual funds








We keep your investing costs low
The average Vanguard no-load mutual fund expense ratio is 83% less than the industry average.*What does that mean for you? When less is taken out of your funds' earnings to cover expenses, more stays in your account—where it belongs.
See the difference low-cost mutual funds can make

See how Admiral™ Shares help lower your costs even more

Get details on fees & minimums for Vanguard mutual funds

 




We have a track record of competitive long-term performance
94% of Vanguard no-load mutual funds performed better than their peer-group averages over the past 10 years.**
Explore different types of mutual funds

 




We hire top mutual fund managers
If you're looking for index funds, look no further. Our Equity Investment and Fixed Income Groups have the experience and expertise you'd expect from the company that launched the first index fund for individual investors.
Learn how index funds could help lower long-term costs
You can also check out our wide selection of actively managed funds. We complement our in-house teams with portfolio managers from around the world, chosen based on their expertise in specific areas of the markets.
Find out if actively managed funds could help you beat the market

 

Want an outside opinion?



Money magazine named 17 Vanguard funds on its "Money 50" list—more than any other fund company.
Find out which Vanguard funds made the list***


What you can expect every day as a Vanguard client








The help you need, when you need it
Whether you're handling day-to-day account management tasks or taking an in-depth look at your portfolio, you can count on the high-quality service you'd expect from an industry leader.
Get help & advice to narrow your options

 




Opportunities for higher levels of personal attention
As your account grows, you can look forward to decreasing costs and increasing levels of personalization and advice.
See what you get as a Voyager or Flagship Services client

 




All the investment flexibility you want
Interested in expanding your portfolio beyond Vanguard mutual funds? With a Vanguard Brokerage Account, you can choose from more than 60 Vanguard ETFs®, gain access to more than 14,000 non-Vanguard mutual funds, or complement your portfolio with individual stocks, bonds, and certificates of deposit (CDs).
Experience the Vanguard ETF® advantage

Invest in stocks, bonds, CDs & funds from other companies

 





Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



PAYING TOO MUCH FOR OTHER FUNDS?

Compare a non-Vanguard fund with a similar Vanguard fund
WANT TO LEARN MORE?

Get more basic mutual fund information





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.Expense ratio







A mutual fund's annual operating expenses, expressed as a percentage of the fund's average net assets. It's calculated annually and removed from the fund's earnings before they're distributed to investors, directly reducing investors' returns.An expense ratio includes management, administrative, marketing, and distribution fees. It doesn't include loads or purchase or redemption fees.




Return to main page








footnote*Vanguard average mutual fund expense ratio: 0.12%. Industry average expense ratio: 0.69%. All averages are asset-weighted. Industry averages exclude Vanguard. Sources: Vanguard and Morningstar, Inc., as of December 31, 2016.
footnote**For the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017, 9 of 9 Vanguard money market funds, 51 of 54 Vanguard bond funds, 23 of 23 Vanguard balanced funds, and 99 of 107 Vanguard stock funds—for a total of 182 of 193 Vanguard funds—outperformed their Lipper peer-group average. Results will vary for other time periods. Only mutual funds with a minimum 10-year history were included in the comparison. Source: Lipper, a Thomson Reuters Company. The competitive performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results. View fund performance
footnote***The "Money 50" list published in the January/February 2017 Investor's Guide of Money magazine is based on mutual funds and ETFs that are low-cost and produce long-term returns that match or beat their benchmarks. Past performance cannot be used to predict future returns. Fund share prices will fluctuate, so investors could lose money if they sell when prices have fallen.
You must buy and sell Vanguard ETF Shares through a broker like Vanguard Brokerage Services (we offer them commission-free) or through another broker (you may incur commissions). See the Vanguard Brokerage Services commission and fee schedules for limits. Vanguard ETF Shares aren't redeemable directly with the issuing fund other than very large aggregations worth millions of dollars. Like stocks, ETFs are subject to market volatility. When buying or selling an ETF, you'll pay or receive the current market price, which may be more or less than net asset value.

	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01

























U.S. Trust - Investment Management




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Investment Management
Insights, Strategies and Solutions
Our experienced professionals have expertise in a broad spectrum of traditional, alternative and non-financial assets.  We can work with you to develop and manage a portfolio tailored to your needs.






Portfolio Consulting
A collaborative dialogue with your portfolio manager
Your portfolio manager is a key member of your U.S. Trust relationship team and serves as your personal "chief investment officer." He or she will work with you to create an Investment Policy Statement, which serves as a blueprint for your portfolio by documenting your:

Objectives
Risk tolerance
Cash flow needs
 Tax situation
Wealth aspirations

Your portfolio manager's ongoing role is to incorporate our best strategic and tactical thinking, most relevant research analysis, current market insights and appropriate investment solutions into your portfolio. He or she will regularly monitor your portfolio to make sure it conforms to your Investment Policy Statement, which will be updated whenever there are significant changes in your life or goals.
Asset management
A more complete approach to asset allocation1
We analyze a wide range of asset classes, including hedge and private equity funds2 and global investment opportunities, as potential components of an asset allocation. In addition, we believe that true diversification requires managing for cash flows across and within asset classes in various market environments — not simply allocating according to a grid.
Your asset allocation will be based on the long-term expectations established for each asset class by our most senior investment professionals. Over the shorter term, however, your portfolio manager can adjust your portfolio tactically in response to emerging opportunities and risks, and reflecting U.S. Trust insights about trends and themes relevant to you.
How you own your assets — personally or in trusts; in taxable or tax-exempt solutions — can have a material impact on the overall performance of your portfolio. At U.S. Trust we focus on this wealth structuring aspect of your portfolio in conjunction with managing the assets themselves.
Alternative Investments
SOPHISTICATED SOLUTIONS TO MEET YOUR NEEDS2
Alternative investments at U.S. Trust focus on non-traditional assets such as:

Hedge funds
Private equity
Real estate and tangible assets

Because performance is often differentiated from equity and fixed income markets, alternative investments may be an ideal complement to traditional investments. 
Through our access to the industry's premier managers, we are able to offer solutions that provide options for all client segments. And we support you every step of the way with knowledge built on our experience in alternatives, including industry-leading research, rigorous due diligence, and cutting-edge portfolio construction.
Drawing from the experience, resources and expertise of the firm, you and your portfolio manager can explore alternative investments that can help you pursue what matters most to you.
Specialty asset management
Expertise in nonfinancial assets3
Specialty asset management at U.S. Trust focuses on nonfinancial assets such as:

Farm and ranch land
Timberland
Oil and gas properties
Private businesses
Real estate

Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist, as appropriate, to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
We can help you realize your objectives with assets you already own, or help you acquire specific assets to take advantage of their capital growth and diversification potential — whether you own these assets outright or they are held in trust.
Our team of specialists can provide complete turnkey services including identifying and purchasing real property and providing ongoing management.
Capital markets
Sophisticated market-linked solutions4
Through our access to the resources of Merrill Lynch, one of the world's leading capital markets participants, we can tailor approaches to risks and opportunities in the foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity and equity markets. Derivative-based transactions target the risks you seek to hedge, and are designed to dovetail with your overall portfolio and wealth management strategies.

1 Asset allocation and diversification do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
2 Alternative Investments such as derivatives, hedge funds, private equity funds, and funds of funds can result in higher return potential but also higher loss potential. Changes in economic conditions or other circumstances may adversely affect your investments. Before you invest in alternative investments, you should consider your overall financial situation, how much money you have to invest, your need for liquidity, and your tolerance for risk. Alternative investments are speculative and involve a high degree of risk.
3 Nonfinancial assets, such as closely-held businesses, real estate, oil, gas and mineral properties, and timber, farm and ranch land, are complex in nature and involve risks including total loss of value.  Special risk considerations include natural events (for example, earthquakes or fires), complex tax considerations, and lack of liquidity.  Nonfinancial assets are not suitable for all investors.  Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager, and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax, or estate planning strategy.
4 Brokerage services are provided by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, a registered broker-dealer, Member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
Certain U.S. Trust associates are registered representatives with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S") and may assist you with investment products and services provided through MLPF&S and other nonbank investment affiliates. MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp."). U.S. Trust operates through Bank of America, N.A., and other subsidiaries of BofA Corp.
AR-ARY4G4DX-EXP-2017.06.17 






Videos:


Investment Management




Portfolio Construction



Fixed Income Solutions



Specialty Asset Manangement

View More Videos






You Might Also Be Interested In:

Wealth Structuring
Credit & Banking
Family Wealth Services
Specialty Asset Management
Institutional Investment Management
Philanthropy



Read Some of Our Latest Thinking

A Transforming World


Impact Investing




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)




   







U.S. Trust - Our Latest Thinking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login

























Our Latest Thinking











Identifying the main drivers of long-term change is key to investment success in the 21st century. We believe we are at the beginning of a secular growth phase for the U.S. economy driven largely by the rebalancing of global growth from the developed to the developing world. We focus on the long-term drivers, the macro forces and investment themes at play across industries that are taking us into the next growth cycle.
Learn More






2017 Mid-Year ISO: The Tortoise and the Hare Cycle

Learn More









2017 U.S. Trust Insights on Wealth and Worth®
Our Survey results reveal common success traits that create a picture of modern day wealth in America.
Learn More









Reaping What We Compute
The Future of Technology in Agriculture
Learn More






Making It Your Mission
What values drive and inform your giving?
Learn More






Estate Administration in the Digital Era
Modern technology and antiquated statutes can present estate administrators with unexpected challenges.
Learn More






Highlights from the 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of HNW Philanthropy
Our study reveals a passion for philanthropy but also uncertainty about the impact.
Watch The Video






Capital Acumen Issue 32
 The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






Art in a New World
The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as a part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






The Growing Adoption of Wind Power
 The wind power industry is expected to deliver rapid job growth over the next decade.
Learn More






THE OWNER'S EMOTIONAL JOURNEY
 Lessons Learned Before, During and After the Sale of a Business 
Learn More






2017 Viewpoint: Shifting winds
Navigating Uncertainty with Specialty Assets
Learn More






Market Insights You Can Act On
Having the ability to have a pulse on what's going on around the world is absolutely critical.
Watch The Video









Alternative Energy: Powering a Brighter Future
Conventional sources are expected to continue to dominate the energy mix as the world moves toward a low-carbon economy
Learn More






Technology Is Disrupting Everything—Even Sneakers
CIO Chris Hyzy looks at game-changing innovation across industries and the often unexpected investment opportunities it's creating
Watch The Video






Sci-Fi M.D.: Moore's Law Meets the Hippocratic Oath
With technology generating futuristic advances, look for investment opportunities within healthcare — and beyond
Learn More






The Ripple Effect of Brexit
The repercussions of the UK's vote point to an uncertain future across the Eurozone and elsewhere.
Learn More






New Administration, New Realities for Investors
Optimism about the impact of President Trump's potentially pro-growth policies accelerates tectonic shifts in the markets.
Learn More






Five Investment Themes for 2017
Global equity markets are ending the year on a high note with solid gains for the fourth quarter so far in the U.S., Europe and Japan.
Learn More






PRESIDENT TRUMP: WHAT HIS TAX PROPOSALS COULD MEAN FOR YOU
Mitch Drossman discusses what tax-planning steps individuals and corporations should consider.
Watch The Video






The 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of High Net Worth Philanthropy 
Who's Giving to Which Causes and Why
Read More






Don't Fight the Fed
Despite unfavorable predictions from many economists, a stable dollar and the Federal Reserve's cautious stance seem to have staved off a global recession.
Read More






Investing in Iran: Roses or Thorns?
 In a nation newly open to foreign commerce, we find an abundance of investment opportunities — and caveats
Read More






In Conversation With Jane McGonigal
Shall we play a game? The author and video game designer talks time, gaming and the future.
Read More






IMPACT INVESTING: PEOPLE, THE PLANET AND PROFIT
As Impact Investing Comes Of Age, Investors Can Finally Seek a Better World and Return on Investment.
Learn More






Can China's Economy Bounce Back
DeAnne Steele on the depreciation of the yuan, the changing focus of the Chinese economy, and what it all means for investors.
Read More







Business Owners: You, Your Family, and Your Business
Working with a global financial services company helps enable you to address — and simplify — both your business and personal financial lives.

Learn More  







 KEEPING PENSION FUNDING GOALS IN SIGHT
This white paper investigates the use of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) in pension funding strategies.
Learn More 






Investing for Maximum Impact
Today's investors are using their portfolios to change the world-without losing return potential
Learn More




 



Addressing Memory and Your Family
There is no cure for cognitive decline, but we have a partial solution: being prepared for the unexpected.
Watch The Video






Rebuilding America: The Road Ahead
U.S. roads and highways, bridges and power grids, and other critical infrastructure have fallen into dangerous disrepair.
Learn More






Timberland as a Sustainable Investment
Timberland offers an opportunity to pursue both—an environmentally sensitive investment platform and financial advantages.
Learn More







Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, highlights why women are growing into an economic superpower
Learn More







Women and Climate Change
Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, describes how women may be especially vulnerable to the effects of climate change
Learn More






Direct Real Estate Investing
Commercial real estate offers the potential for attractive yields, capital appreciation and valuable tax benefits.
Learn More






A fixed income investment approach designed to optimize after-tax yield and after-tax total return
Learn More






Experiences shared and lessons learned from entrepreneurs who successfully sold or transferred their businesses to family members.
Learn More









Intelligent Outsourcing
This white paper examines when the outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO) arrangement may be appropriate for an organization.
Learn More






The Power of Positive Teaching
Educating children about the responsibilities of wealth can help keep them wealth-smart.
Learn More





Mitch Drossman, U.S. Trust's national director of wealth planning strategies, discusses the midterm election results, their possible legislative impact, and the implications from a tax-planning perspective.
Watch The Video












Specialty Asset Management
Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
Learn More






Transitioning America's Farmland
It's clear that over the next decade or so, much of America's farmland — now held or farmed by an aging generation — will need to be transitioned.
Learn More






From Best Practices to Next Practices
In search of long-term and sustained philanthropic impact.
Learn More






Making Specialty Asset Gifts Work for Your Organization
Without the proper planning, accepting gifts of real assets today can lead to unexpected and potentially costly consequences. Are you prepared?
Learn More






Women and Girls Equality Strategy
By applying a gender lens, investors can align their portfolios with the goal of supporting gender equality while seeking a market rate of return.
Learn More






The more successful and established entrepreneurs become, the more likely they are to want a more formal mechanism for giving.
Learn More






Family Wealth Services
Our comprehensive, values-based approach to meeting the wealth management needs of our clients and their families.
Learn More






The ElderCare Planning Program
We are committed to addressing the wealth management needs of our clients and their aging families.
Learn More






Personalized Banking and Credit
Your banking and credit needs deserve the same level of expertise as your investments.
Learn More






Customized Aviation Financing
Developing a financing strategy for your aircraft.
Learn More






Financial Empowerment
Prepare your children for the important financial opportunities that lie ahead.
Learn More






Financing a special and unique asset.
Learn More



 






 







Filter By:





Capabilities


Show All
Investment Management
Wealth Structuring and Planning
Credit & Banking




Topics


Show All

Tax Planning
Trusts and Estates
Non-Financial Assets
Philanthropy










Back to Top




AR-ARTPRMPV-EXP-2018.02.7























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)



   







U.S. Trust - Credit and Banking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Credit and Banking
Financing and Liquidity Solutions
With our wide array of credit and banking capabilities, we can build a custom credit solution that works for you.






Custom credit
Sophisticated solutions for your credit needs1
Your financial strength allows you to use credit strategically to create and benefit from unique financial opportunities. We can provide financing solutions to help meet immediate short and long-term needs plus specialty financing options when your borrowing need is to acquire assets, including:

Yachts
Aircraft
Fine art
Investor commercial real estate
Hedge funds
Concentrated or restricted stock positions
Recreational real estate


Customized credit solutions can also play a crucial role in implementing your trust and wealth transfer strategies.
Private Client Line2
A flexible line of credit, secured by your investment management accounts at U.S. Trust. The Private Client Line is designed to help you meet liquidity needs and enhance your cash flow without depleting cash reserves or compromising your investment strategy.

Private Client Line 

Liquidity services
Simplified banking and enhanced convenience
A key component of your overall financial strategy should include cash management. At U.S. Trust, we offer traditional banking solutions and services designed to help you:

Manage traditional everyday liquidity
Maximize access and convenience to your funds
Generate competitive returns on your deposit balances

Your client team will develop a tailored financial strategy to help meet your short-term liquidity needs as well as your longer-term personal and financial goals.
Real estate finance
A strategic approach to structuring transactions
The right mortgage can not only meet your residential real estate needs, but can be a cornerstone of managing your wealth. You will be advised by a team of specialists who understand substantial real estate transactions and the importance of personalized loan structures. From traditional or customized mortgages to home equity lines of credit, we will work to find the right solution to help meet your needs.
Financial management tools
Sophisticated and secure account management services
Monitor and manage your U.S. Trust accounts at any time using our sophisticated and secure online and mobile3 banking capabilities. You can also view your accounts at other financial institutions4 and transfer funds from them into your U.S. Trust accounts.
If you own a small business, simplify your business banking and management through our powerful account management service. In addition to these everyday banking services, U.S. Trust offers special resources to families with particularly complex wealth needs and ownership structures.

1 Bank of America, N.A. and its affiliates do not serve in a fiduciary capacity when offering or providing any type of credit solution.
2 The Private Client Line is offered by U.S. Trust and not by or through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated. Credit is subject to approval. Normal credit standards apply.
3 You must first enroll in Online Banking and set up Transfers and Bill Pay. Wireless carrier fees may apply.
4 To view accounts from another financial institution, you must have online access set up with that institution.
Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Banking & Mortgage products are provided by Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC.
AR-ARJKLDHJ-EXP-2017.12.14






Videos:


Art as a Source of Liquidity



Leveraging Your Art Collection








You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Wealth Structuring
Family Wealth Services
Specialty Asset Management
Philanthropy



Read Some of Our Latest Thinking

Personalized Banking and Credit
Aviation Financing
Customized Marine Financing
Fine Art Lending




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)




   







U.S. Trust - Wealth Structuring




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Wealth Structuring
Preservation and Transfer
Your wealth plan is designed to provide you and your family with thoughtful and innovative solutions customized to the financial and personal complexities of your life.  We bring you knowledge, experience and expertise across the broad range of wealth structuring disciplines.






Wealth Planning
Integrating your personal and financial affairs
By thinking holistically about all aspects of your wealth, we develop customized strategies to help pursue your unique goals. Wealth structuring can help you address issues including:

The cash flow required to help meet your lifestyle
The investments needed to help meet long-range objectives 
The most effective way to pursue estate planning goals 
The tax implications of the many aspects of managing and transferring your wealth

Trusts and Estates
Shaping your legacy and transferring your wealth
For more than two centuries, U.S. Trust has been helping many of America's wealthiest families build estate plans and implement wealth transfer strategies. Your team can work with you to build a sound estate plan that may help you:

Control the transfer of wealth to those you care about
Fulfill important philanthropic commitments
Reduce estate taxes
Maintain your privacy
Protect assets from creditors and other third parties

We can help you and your attorney establish trusts to provide financial security for your spouse or partner, pass assets to future generations and charities and reduce estate taxes, as well as provide for financial and investment management during your lifetime. We bring our extensive knowledge and experience to bear in helping clients manage their trusts whether we are serving as agent for trustee or corporate trustee.
Philanthropy
Making your charitable giving more fulfilling and effective
We offer you personal support and an array of tools to help you and your family assess your charitable goals, values and interests. Your philanthropic specialist can then help you understand a range of important considerations, including how to:

Implement your plan
Identify the best-qualified grant recipients
Monitor the impact of your efforts

We can help you design and implement a philanthropic strategy that helps you fulfill your values-based commitments in a way that is consistent with your lifestyle.
Learn more about Philanthropy at U.S. Trust
Custody Services
Benefiting from the experience of dedicated custody specialists
U.S. Trust is the custodian of choice for many sophisticated investors with extensive and complex holdings. Whether you manage your own portfolio or work with multiple brokers and investment managers, we can structure a personalized custody program that simplifies portfolio and trade monitoring and helps meet your specific safekeeping, service and information needs.

Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Bank of America, N.A. and the U.S. Trust Company of Delaware (collectively the "Bank") do not serve in a fiduciary capacity with respect to all products or services. Fiduciary standards or fiduciary duties do not apply, for example, when the Bank is offering or providing credit solutions, banking, custody or brokerage products/services or referrals to other affiliates of the Bank.
AR-AR7F755H-EXP-2018.05.09






Videos:
 
The Role of a Fiduciary

 
Wealth Planning

 
Agent For Fiduciary

 
Eldercare Planning Services

 
Financial Empowerment

 
Private Philanthropy Services

View More Videos 





You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Credit & Banking
Tax Planning
Family Wealth Services
THE FAMILY OFFICE DECISION
Philanthropy
Comprehensive Services For Auto Dealership Owners




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)




   







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














 




Merrill Edge: Low Pricing. Plain and Simple.



































































|
Locations
|
About Us
|
Help
|
Login

Open An Account










 




Select link or press CTRL + Q to get a quote. Type a symbol or company name and press Enter.









Why Merrill EdgeInvesting & TradingGuidance & RetirementResearchInvestor EducationOpen An AccountForms LibraryOpen an Individual Retirement AccountOpen a College Investment AccountForms LibraryInvest With AdvisorsSmall Business Retirement MythsSite MapUS-TrustMerrill Edge Report InfographicsWomen and RetirementPersonal Retirement CalculatorHelp & SupportManaging market volatilityCareers at Merrill EdgeCollege Planning Calculator529 Plan State Tax CalculatorTaxable Equivalent Yield Calculator from Merrill EdgeAbout Merrill EdgeCash Distribution Calculator from Merrill EdgeETF Cost Comparison Calculator from Merrill EdgeMutual Fund Expense Calculator from Merrill EdgeAnnuity Contribution Calculator from Merrill EdgeAnnuity Accumulation and Payout CalculatorAnnuity Tax Calculator from Merrill EdgeBenchmark Return Calculator from Merrill EdgeAfter-Tax Rate of Return Calculator from Merrill EdgeDollar Cost Averaging Calculator from Merrill EdgeInvestment Income Tax Calculator from Merrill EdgeCost of Debt Calculator from Merrill EdgeMortgage Refinancing Calculator from Merrill Edge401(k) Rollover Calculator from Merrill EdgeHow to Find Money for Investing Amid Everyday ExpensesPersonal Net Worth Calculator from Merrill EdgeEstate Tax Calculator from Merrill EdgeSaving for retirementIRA Selector ToolSaving for collegeAbandoned Property & EscheatmentU.S. Department of LaborCompeting Financial GoalsWhat is Impact Investing?New Department of Labor (DOL) rules and your retirementHow to Build a PortfolioCompare Your Investing ChoicesInvesting ideas for the year aheadOnline broker comparisonOnline investing & tradingShould I Roll Over My 401(k)?Work OverviewYour first jobChanging jobsStarting a BusinessJob LossWorking in RetirementFamily & RelationshipsGetting MarriedStarting a FamilyInvesting for an EducationKids or Parents Moving InGetting DivorcedLosing a Loved OneReceiving an inheritanceLeaving Assets to HeirsLarge purchases overviewBuying a HomeSelling a HomeBuying a CarSaving for a Large PurchasePaying Off Student LoansHealth overviewManaging a disability or chronic illnessCaring for a sick or elderly loved onePossible Changes to Your Retirement Accounts
Investing StreamlinedHow We're DifferentInvesting Your WayFull Range of InvestmentsStep-by-Step GuidanceResearch & InsightsInvesting & Banking ConnectedSimple Flat-Rate PricingAwards & RecognitionWays to InvestOnline Investing & TradingGuided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorRewards & OffersSpecial OffersPreferred Rewards Help When You Want It  Prepare for Major Life Events Investing by Life Stage Life Priorities       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Investment ChoicesCompare AllStocksOptionsETFsMutual FundsFixed Income & BondsManaged PortfoliosMerrill Edge Guided InvestingMerrill Edge Select® PortfoliosWays to InvestOnline Investing & TradingGuided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorSimplified InvestingBofAML US 1 ListMerrill Edge Select® FundsMerrill Edge Select® ETFsGeneral InvestingOnline Brokerage AccountInvestment ToolsMobile InvestingMerrill Edge MarketPro®Simple Flat-Rate PricingInvesting Costs & Fees Help When You Want It  New to Investing Investing by Life Stage 3 Steps to Build a Balanced Portfolio       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Step-by-Step GuidanceInvesting by Life StageInvesting InsightsTax PlanningLife PrioritiesWays to InvestOnline Investing & TradingGuided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorGeneral Investing SolutionsOnline Brokerage AccountRetirement GuidanceRetirement PlanningStarting OutBuilding WealthNearing RetirementIn RetirementRetirement SolutionsCompare IRAsRollover IRATraditional IRARoth IRACollege Savings PlansCollege Planning529 College Savings PlansCompare College Savings PlansSmall Business SolutionsSmall Business OverviewSmall Business 401(k)Individual 401(k)SEP IRASIMPLE IRACompare Self-Employed PlansCompare Employer Plans Help When You Want It  Prepare for Major Life Events Personal Retirement Calculator Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs College Planning Calculator Rolling Over a 401(k)       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Research SimplifiedMarket OverviewStock ResearchOptions ResearchETF ResearchMutual Fund ResearchFixed Income ResearchResearch & InsightsResearch & Insights OverviewBofA Merrill Lynch Global ResearchOur Perspectives Help When You Want It  Are You Saving Enough for Retirement? Ideas to Tackle the Cost of College Impact Investing Steps to Manage Future Health Costs Should You Roll Over Your 401(k)?       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Resource CenterVideos & WebinarsArticle LibraryTools & CalculatorsMorningstar ClassroomExperience LevelBeginner InvestorIntermediate InvestorAdvanced InvestorInvestment EducationInvestor Education OverviewInvesting & MarketsStocks EducationETF EducationMutual Funds EducationFixed Income EducationAnnuities Education Help When You Want It  Investing by Life Stage New to Investing Personal Finance Budgeting & Debt Management Prepare for Major Life Events       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™   Help When You Need It  Choosing the Right IRA 401(k) Rollover Specialists Convert to a Roth IRA Transfer an Existing IRA Forms & Applications       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  General InvestingIndividual Investing AccountJoint Investing AccountCustodial Investing AccountRetirement AccountsRollover IRATraditional IRARoth IRAInherited IRATraditional Inherited IRARoth Inherited IRARollover Inherited IRACollege Planning Accounts529 College Savings PlansCustodial UGMA/UTMA AccountsManaged PortfoliosMerrill Edge Guided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorSmall Business AccountsSmall Business 401(k)Individual 401(k)SEP IRASIMPLE IRABusiness Investor AccountSimple Flat-Rate Pricinglnvesting Costs & Fees























Menu





Sign In


 




Why Merrill Edge


Investing your way


Overview
Online Investing & Trading
Guided Investing
Invest with an Advisor




Investment choices


Investment choices overview 
Stocks
ETFs
Mutual Funds
Fixed Income & Bonds
Options
Managed Portfolios
Merrill Edge Guided Investing
Merrill Edge Select® Portfolios




General Investing


Online Brokerage Account




Retirement


Retirement overview
Retirement planning
Starting out
Building wealth
Nearing retirement
In retirement
Retirement accounts
Rollover IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth IRA
Compare IRAs




Saving for college


Saving for college overview
College planning
Before college 
Nearing college 
During college & beyond 
College savings plans
529 college savings plan
Custodial account (UGMA/UTMA)
Compare college savings plans




Small business solutions


Small business overview
Self-employed retirement plans
Individual 401(k)
SEP IRA
Compare self-employed plans
Employer retirement plans
Small Business 401(k)
SEP IRA
SIMPLE IRA
Compare employer plans




Life events


Life priorities


Investor education


Tools and calculators


Pricing & special offers


Open an account


Contact us





Get up to


when you open and fund a new Merrill Edge investment account or IRA.
Learn more
 
Open an account
Or call us 24/7 at 866.460.1282






Low pricing. Plain and simple.

Per online equity and ETF trade


Low pricing. Plain and simple.
Pay just $6.95 per online equity and ETF trade. No investment or trade minimums.
+Other fees may apply



Open a Merrill Edge® account in just minutes
Get started


Get started

Use offer code ME600



Or call to apply by phone


Enjoy all the benefits of Merrill Edge®



Simple flat rate pricing
Get simple flat-rate pricing of $6.95 per online stock and ETF trade with no balance or trade minimums. Or learn how to qualify for thirty $0* online stock and ETF trades per month with Preferred Rewards1.
+Other fees may apply.


Investment & banking on one page
See your Merrill Edge investment and Bank of America bank accounts with one login.


Full range of investment offerings
Select from thousands of mutual funds, ETFs, stocks, bonds and other investments.




Research and tools
Make informed investment decisions with access to independent research, the insights of Merrill Lynch and easy-to-use tools.


Access anytime, anywhere
See your Merrill Edge investment and Bank of America bank accounts—online, on your mobile device and at thousands of Bank of America ATMs.


Get up to $600
Open and fund a Merrill Edge account and get up to $600.2






Get up to $600 when you open and fund a new Merrill Edge retirement account.2

Get started


Get started

Use offer code ME600



Or call to apply by phone






4 bonus levels


Cash reward
Qualifying assets


$100
$20,000


$150
$50,000


$250
$100,000


$600
$200,000+




3 ways to enroll


Click "Get started" on this page to open your account.
Call 1.888.MER.EDGE (888.637.3343).
Ask a Merrill Edge Financial Solutions Advisor™ for the offer at select Bank of America financial centers.




2 qualifications


Make a qualifying deposit to your new account within 45 days.
Maintain your qualifying deposit for at least 90 days.

You'll receive your cash bonus within 2 weeks after the 90-day qualifying period.











4 bonus levels


Cash reward
Qualifying assets


$100
$20,000


$150
$50,000


$250
$100,000


$600
$200,000+




3 ways to enroll


Click "Get started" on this page to open your account.
Call 1.888.MER.EDGE (888.637.3343).
Ask a Merrill Edge Financial Solutions Advisor™ for the offer at select Bank of America financial centers.




2 qualifications


Make a qualifying deposit to your new account within 45 days.
Maintain your qualifying deposit for at least 90 days.

You'll receive your cash bonus within 2 weeks after the 90-day qualifying period.







*Sales are subject to a transaction fee of between $0.01 and $0.03 per $1,000 of principal. There are costs associated with owning ETFs. To learn more about Merrill Edge pricing, visit merrilledge.com/pricing.
Privacy & Security | Advertising practices
Advertising Practices

1 Eligibility: Commissions are only waived for online stock and ETF trades conducted via an individual or jointly owned online investing and trading personal CMA or IRA account.

Qualify for 30 $0 online stock and ETF trades per month (meet any one of these criteria):

$25,000 or more in combined balances in your Bank of America deposit accounts through 09/30/2017
$25,000 or more in combined cash balances in your Merrill Edge online investing and trading personal CMA and/or IRA accounts through 09/30/2017
Preferred Rewards Platinum client

Qualify for 100 $0 online stock and ETF trades per month (meet any one of these criteria):

Preferred Rewards Platinum Honors clients
U.S. Trust Client

			For details about commissions, transaction fees and any other fees that may apply visit merrilledge.com/pricing. Certain account types are not eligible. Other restrictions may apply. Relationship requirements and pricing are subject to change and/or termination without advance notice. For full details about ways to qualify for $0 trades, call 888.MER.EDGE (888.637.3343) or visit merrilledge.com/$0detail.
2 Offer valid only for new Merrill Edge self-directed IRA or CMA accounts. Offer is limited to one per account type (CMA or IRA); two total per accountholder (or per all accountholders of a joint account). Eligible IRAs limited to Rollover, Traditional, Roth and Sole-Proprietor SEP IRAs only. This offer does not apply to Merrill Edge Guided Investing Accounts, Business/Corporate Accounts, Investment Club Accounts, Partnership Accounts and certain fiduciary accounts held with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S). Merrill Edge reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time.
			
How to Enroll: Customers must enroll by entering the offer code in the online application or providing the code when speaking with a Merrill Edge Financial Solutions Advisor at 888.637.3343 or select Bank of America financial centers.
			
How it works:

Enroll in offer when you open an account or ask to be enrolled.
Fund your account within 45 days with funds originating outside Bank of America and MLPF&S. Funds cannot originate from 401(k) accounts administered by MLPF&S.
For purposes of this offer, qualifying balances are calculated by adding total incoming assets or transfers (including cash, securities and/or margin debit balance transfers) from external accounts, and subtracting assets withdrawn or transferred out of the account within the 90-day holding period.
Assets of $20,000 to $49,999 in cash and/or securities receive $100; for $50,000-$99,999 receive $150; for $100,000-$199,999 receive $250; for $200,000 or more receive $600. You must have the qualifying balance 90 days after funding.
Your one-time cash reward will be deposited into your IRA or CMA within two weeks after you meet qualifying criteria.

If your new account is a Merrill Edge self-directed IRA or CMA account, you also qualify for the following benefits:

Commission-free trades begin within 5 business days of account opening and must be used within 90 calendar days; up to 300 trades per account. Commission-free trades are only applicable in the new self directed account and are limited to online equity and ETF trades. Brokerage fees associated with, but not limited to, margin transactions, option trading, special stock registration/gifting, account transfer and processing, research request and termination apply. Trades are not transferable and are not available for Merrill Edge Advisory Center accounts or other Merrill Lynch Wealth Management accounts. Merrill Edge does not, and this offer is not meant to, promote day trading or solicit engagement in day trading activities. Day trading can be extremely risky. Investors are solely responsible for their own investment decisions, and should research any investment strategy carefully before investing.
Merrill Edge MarketPro Trial begins within 5 business days of opening your self-directed account and expires after 90 calendar days. To learn about additional ways to qualify for Merrill Edge MarketPro, see merrilledge.com/marketpro. Not available for employees of Bank of America or Merrill Lynch and business accounts.

Tax Disclaimer: The value of this reward you receive may constitute taxable income. In addition, Merrill Lynch may issue an Internal Revenue Service Form 1099 (or other appropriate form) to you that reflects the value of this reward. Please consult your tax advisor, as Bank of America Corporation and its affiliates and associates do not provide tax advice.
			
			This offer may not be used as an inducement to sell any kind of insurance, including life insurance or annuities.
			
			Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A., member FDIC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
			
			ARGLWQ9M
		





Connect with us:





Connect with us:





		Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
		
		Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
		
		Merrill Edge is available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), and consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing.
		
		Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
		
Investment Products:


Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value



		MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC)Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
		
		©
		 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
	














































I'd Like to


Plan for Retirement
Plan for College
Create an Emergency Fund
Create an Investment Strategy 
Open an Account




Discover Merrill Edge®


Why Merrill Edge
Pricing
Preferred Rewards
Mobile Investing
Merrill Edge Online Trading
Merrill Edge Careers




Awards & Recognition

2017 Best Online Broker Survey *

Merrill Edge's Contact Centers have been recognized by J.D. Power for providing "An Outstanding Customer Service Experience" for the Live Phone Channel**


Contact Us


1.888.637.3343
Representatives are available 24/7

Open an account
Connect with us:














 Merrill Edge was one of 16 brokers evaluated in the Barron's 2017 Best Online Broker Survey, March 18, 2017. Barron's evaluated firms in 8 categories to rate and rank the firms in those categories, by investor type and provide an overall rating & ranking. Learn more at http://webreprints.djreprints.com/53278.html Barron's is a trademark of Dow Jones & Co., L.P. All rights reserved. Reprinted with permission of Barron's.





** J.D. Power 2016 Certified Contact Center ProgramSM recognition is based on successful completion of an audit and exceeding a customer satisfaction benchmark through a survey of recent servicing interactions. For more information, visit www.jdpower.com/ccc.
Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
The performance data contained herein represents past performance which does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. For performance information current to the most recent month end, please contact us.
Returns include fees and applicable loads. Since Inception returns are provided for funds with less than 10 years of history and are as of the fund's inception date. 10 year returns are provided for funds with greater than 10 years of history.
Before investing consider carefully the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the fund, including management fees, other expenses and special risks. This and other information may be found in each fund's prospectus or summary prospectus, if available. Always read the prospectus or summary prospectus carefully before you invest or send money. Prospectuses can be obtained by contacting us.
Expense Ratio – Gross Expense Ratio is the total annual operating expense (before waivers or reimbursements) from the fund's most recent prospectus. You should also review the fund's detailed annual fund operating expenses which are provided in the fund's prospectus.
Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
Merrill Edge, available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S"), consists of Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) or self-directed online investing.
Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp.").
Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc. and MLPF&S, a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), are wholly-owned subsidiaries of BofA Corp.

Investment products offered through MLPF&S and insurance and annuity products offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc.:




Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value


Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity






Privacy & Security | Site Map | Software Requirements | Routing & Executions | Web Accessibility | Email us at ContactME@ml.com | Advertising Practices
Forms & Applications | Legal Information | Business Continuity | Deposit Account & Money Fund Rates | Bank of America Newsroom | Merrill Edge Report




©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
ARFXK3WP-EXP033118





2471A593 (SCB*******801)





    






 








      






Impact Investing Summit 2017 - London - Impact Investing Europe Conference - UK Europe






























































































































Home
Register
Agenda
Speakers
Companies
Venue
Contact Us


Book Now!


















Date
7-8 Dec 2017








Location
London, United Kingdom








Tickets
300 Delegates








Speakers
25 Speakers










 





 








 



 















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  









HURRY UP!!
Register today for super early bird discount % !!! 






00
Days


00
Hours


00
Mins


00
Secs









BOOK NOW!



REGISTER NOW!


2017 Keynotes & Speakers

We are delighted to announce this years keynote and speakers including BCG, Bloomberg, KPMG and Thomson Reuters Foundation. Full list of speakers and keynotes for Impact Investing Summit 2017 coming soon!






Nigel Kershaw OBE
The Big Issue Group 










Timothy Stiles
KPMG










Allison Clark














Delegates
300













Speakers
25













Hours
48













Days
2











  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  











Kensington Conference and Events Centre

Address
Hornton St, Kensington, London W8 7NX
Tel: +442089383580



































The Great Hall
Kensington Conference and Events Centre London







+442089383580
info@impactinvestingsummit.com





Subscribe To Newsletter

































































Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          












mml series investment fund - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










U.S. Trust® - Official Site - Investment Management



Ad
 ·
www.ustrust.com/​Investment/​Management



Offering One on One Guidance To Effectively Manage Your Assets.





Articles By U.S. Trust



Wealth Structuring



Investment Management




Finance & Liquidity



Have Us Contact You



Capital Acumen Magazine





Investment Funds Information - Search for Investment Funds



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​investment/​funds



Find Investment Funds Results on Alothome.com. Browse Investment Funds Listings.




Income Mutual Funds - Monthly Income Mutual Funds Search Now!



Ad
 ·
About.com/​Income Mutual Funds



Monthly Income Mutual Funds Search Now! Over 85 Million Visitors.





Mutual Fund Research



Mutual Funds For Dummies



Top No Load Mutual Funds





Searches related tomml series investment fund



mml investment services



mml investment advisors




Web Results

MML SERIES INVESTMENT FUND - MassMutual

https://www.massmutual.com/il/stratlife/images/pdfs/prospectus/mml.pdf


MML Series Investment Fund provides a broad range of investment choices across the risk/return spectrum. The summary pages that follow describe each Fund’s:


MML Series Investment Fund - MML Blue Chip Growth Fund ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


MML Series Investment Fund - MML Blue Chip Growth Fund company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Product/Fund Performance & Regulatory Documents

https://www.massmutual.com/product-performance/product-performance...


Holdings within funds in MML Series Investment Fund and MML Series Investment Fund II (PDF) Holdings for the MassMutual Premier Funds and MassMutual Select Funds (PDF)


MML Series Investment Fund - MML Mid Cap Value Fund ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


MML Series Investment Fund - MML Mid Cap Value Fund company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION MML Series Investment Fund,

https://www.sec.gov/rules/ic/2009/ic-28849.pdf


SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION [Release No. IC-28849; File No. 812-13611] MML Series Investment Fund, et al.; Notice of Application August 20, 2009


MML SERIES INVESTMENT FUND - SEC.gov | Home

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/containers/fix011/67160/...


MML SERIES INVESTMENT FUND . Supplement dated July 8, 2010 to the . Prospectus dated May 1, 2010 . This supplement provides new and additional information beyond that ...


Federal Register :: MML Series Investment Fund, et al ...

https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2009/08/27/E9-20599/mml...


Summary of Application: Applicants request an order pursuant to Section 6(c) of the 1940 Act exempting each life insurance company separate account supporting ...


Top 10 MML 12-31-15 - Workplace Benefits - Live Mutual

wwwrs.massmutual.com/retire/temp/mmltopten.pdf


MML Series Investment Fund and MML Series Investment Fund II Top Ten Holdings as of 12/31/2015 Top 10 MML Short-Duration Bond Fund (Babson) iyfl MML Inflation ...


SEC Info - MML Series Investment Fund - ‘497’ on 8/9/00

www.secinfo.com/dsVQy.5337.htm


MML Series Investment Fund - ‘497’ on 8/9/00 - Definitive Material - Seq. 1 - Mml Equity Index Fund - Accession Number 0000950109-00-003176 - Filing - SEC


MML Series Investment Fund II (Form: 497K, Received: 05/01 ...

www.nasdaq.com/markets/ipos/filing.ashx?filingid=9955378


Initial Class performance for periods prior to May 2, 2005 is that of the corresponding series of MML Series Investment Fund, the predecessor to the Fund.










U.S. Trust® - Official Site - Investment Management



Ad
 ·
www.ustrust.com/​Investment/​Management



Offering One on One Guidance To Effectively Manage Your Assets.





Articles By U.S. Trust



Wealth Structuring



Investment Management




Finance & Liquidity



Have Us Contact You



Capital Acumen Magazine





Investment Funds Information - Search for Investment Funds



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​investment/​funds



Find Investment Funds Results on Alothome.com. Browse Investment Funds Listings.




Income Mutual Funds - Monthly Income Mutual Funds Search Now!



Ad
 ·
About.com/​Income Mutual Funds



Monthly Income Mutual Funds Search Now! Over 85 Million Visitors.





Mutual Fund Research



Mutual Funds For Dummies



Top No Load Mutual Funds




Searches related tomml series investment fund



mml investment services



mml investment advisors




12345Next






Answers







MML Capital Partners



capital. Geographic presence MML’s investment team consists of 14 investment professionals operating from offices in London, Paris and the U.S. MML has...

more






Investment fund



An investment fund is a way of investing money alongside other investors in order to benefit from the inherent advantages of working as part of a...

more






Crocus Investment Fund



The Crocus Investment Fund was a Manitoba-based Canadian Labour Sponsored Venture Capital Corporation. Labour sponsored funds offered Federal and...

more










mml series investment fund News






Decooda Closes 'Series A' Investment With TechSophy



Venture Capital Access Online:...

 - Jul 21


ATLANTA, July 20, 2017-- Decooda International, Inc., an industry leader in turning an understanding of customer emotions and state-of-mind into real-time, actionable insights, today announced it...

more





Super Fund retains A+ for responsible investment



nzherald.co.nz - Business

 - Jul 24


The New Zealand Superannuation Fund scored an A+ rating for governance and strategy around responsible investment for the third year in a row in the latest benchmarking report from the United...

more





APS Fund : Interests of the Investment Manager



FE Investegate.co.uk Company...

 - 15 hrs ago


Financial Express (Holdings) Limited (“we”, “our”, “us” and derivatives) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms of Use, sets out the...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network

































Angel Investors and Start Up Funding | Funded.com

 



















             World's  Leading  Accredited investor Network.  Get connected with the right financing for  your business. Entrepreneurs are getting funded,why shouldn't you?   Get Started     Angel Investors Startup Funding  Get Started     Business Funding Venture Capital  Get Started       Business Plan  Let us write your Business Plan   Get Started                   Connect with millions of dollars in funding and join the ranks of the funded at Funded.com ®      




Currently Trending:




Move Over Uber!
Disruptive Technology - High ROI - Quick Exit
New York New York


Amount $500,000

 





NEW E-COMMERCE STORE I...
M/S SVOCAN HANDICRAFTS IS SELLING HOME FURNISHING PRODUCTS ONLINE THROUGH EBAY.COM, EBAY.CO.UK, EBAY.COM.AU & AMAZON.COM. NOW WE ARE DEVELOPING OUR OWN E-COMMERCE STORE. WE NEED SEED FUNDING OF 10 MILLION USD.
Yamuna Nagar


Amount $10,000,000

 





https://legalmap.net/en
You can find a lawyer anywhere using the location data. Uber for lawyers
Kiev, Ukraine


Amount $100 000 

 





Mass Organic Production
Growing organic produce to set standards and providing organic options more affordable.
SPRING, TX


Amount $500,000

 
















NEWS RELEASE - Commercial real estate venture gets funded for $250K from funded.com's funding provider. Comment: I was very pleased with the speed and professional attitude of the site. I will recommend this to anyone in the future. 

Greg S
 Decatur, IL





"Funded.com has been great and my project is in the final stages of being funded by an investor I found on here. I was surprized at the quick process and how fast investors funded my project. Website was a big help!" 

Rick R 
Entreprenuer





Let me first start by saying I believe your site is THE BEST there is for connecting Entrepreneurs and Investors.  It is the site I've had most success with.  I had about 6 Investors either respond back or contact me because of your site with an interest in investing in my company. Thank you very much!  I love your site and will recommend it to any of my Colleagues.  I love the fact that we are able to contact the Investors directly (which many of the sites joining Entrepreneurs and Investors don't allow).  It looks like I'm about to go into contract with an Investor because of your site.  Thank you again. 

Faith D
Entreprenuer





I am grateful I had the opportunity to access your network of investors. I am reasonably confident that the current negotiations with one of your investors will go through for our film production. I will be back for my next production. 

Oscar S
Entreprenuer








Feedback and Funded







Do you need help with your Business Plan?
Let Us Professionally Write Your Business Plan
Learn More









FOLLOW US




 




 As seen on 



Trusted 



















ABOUT US

About Funded
Blog
Contact Us
How it works
Reviews





DEFINITIONS: What is?

Angel Investor
Venture Capital

Private Equity

Investors
Lenders





SITE

Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Report an Issue
Business Plan





YOUR MEMBERSHIP

Log In
Member Join Up
Investor Join Up






Copyright ©2017 by Funded.com®
Funded.com® is a network that provides a platform for start up and existing businesses, projects, ideas, patents or fundraising to connect with funding sources. Funded.com® is not a registered broker or dealer and does not offer investment advice or advice on the raising of capital through securities offering. Funded.com® does not provide funding or make any recommendations or suggestions to an investor to make an investment in a particular company nor take part in the negotiations or execution of any transaction or deal. Funded.com® does not purchase, sell, negotiate execute, take possession or is compensated by securities in any way, or at any time, nor is it permitted through our platform. We are not an equity crowdfunding platform or portal.



















BBB Business Profile | Funded.com, LLC



























Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Financial Services
 > 
Funded.com, LLC














BBB Accredited Business Profile






Funded.com, LLC



Submit a Review

































Funded.com, LLC






            Business Information
        






(888) 223-4776

Funded.com, LLC
10 years in business

        1405 Silver Lake Rd NW Ste 8
        New Brighton, MN 55112-9311
    




                 WEBSITE
            





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 01/26/2010
            

                Business Started: 01/01/2007


                Business Started Locally: 01/01/2007
            

                Business Incorporated: 01/16/2008 in MN





            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mark Favre, Owner/Manager
                






            Business Category
        


                Financial Services
            







            Service Area
        
         TWIN CITIES METRO - 11 COUNTY

    



 








            Business Information
        







                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            






Overview


According to the information provided by funded.com this company helps clients and companies find resources for Angel Investors, venture capital, business leaders and equity partners to help raise money for growing and start up companies.

 












Share your experience


Submit a Review


Submit a Complaint










BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










Business Profile














Hours of Operation:





                
M-F 9am-5pm EST 








BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























Funded.com, LLC






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                Funded.com, LLC
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 01/26/2010










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    




[10] Total Customer Complaints
                        


















Share your experience


Submit a Review


Submit a Complaint












Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 






































 










	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































