


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Safe Drive Systems | Collision Avoidance System










































 





































































Safe Drive Systems



CALL NOW
1-855-604-6525


 




Safe Drive Systems



1-855-604-6525


 


Get The RD-140 With Free Installation Today & Up To $250 Insurance Rebate.
Call Now 855.604.6525. You Only Got One Life Keep It.

 





 





Day or Night, Rain or Shine…




Our mission is to keep you and your family safe on the road.




Safe Drive Systems (SDS) is a leading developer and distributor of collision avoidance and lane departure warning systems. We’re proud to be the only company in the U.S. to offer aftermarket collision avoidance technology that’s both radar and camera-based, offering drivers the highest level of protection available. Our team of engineers is dedicated to providing cutting-edge safety systems that are reliable, affordable, and user friendly. Our RD-140 collision avoidance system is specifically designed to prevent or reduce the severity of an accident by monitoring both how far away the vehicle in front of you is and how close your vehicle is to an unintended lane departure.

 





 

















Your 360 DEGREES EXPERIENCE

 


 


 





Safe drive systems social media & testimonials feed

 


                   Fariborz Sepehrnia   "I had one installed on my car last week and I love it… just today stopped me from hitting the front gate"               Richard Allen   "I have the SDS for a couple days now. All I have to say is, I can’t image how I have lived without this system in my car"               Hector Mendez   "Just got this RD safe drive system on my 2002 VW passat and it awsome worth every $$$ peace of mind Safety first A+++ Best thing ever made when it’s come to safety…"               Fariborz Sepehrnia   "I had one installed on my car last week and I love it… just today stopped me from hitting the front gate"               Richard Allen   "I have the SDS for a couple days now. All I have to say is, I can’t image how I have lived without this system in my car"               Hector Mendez   "Just got this RD safe drive system on my 2002 VW passat and it awsome worth every $$$ peace of mind Safety first A+++ Best thing ever made when it’s come to safety…"       


 





90%




of rear-end collisions
can be avoided with 1.5 second early warning.

 


80%




of car accidents are caused by driver inattention.

 


60%




of road accident
fatalities are due to lane
departure.

  








The best way to avoid a car accident
is to prevent it!

 










Display unit provides advanced visual and audio warnings

 







Radar scans the road 20 times per second

 







Lane departure warning 0.5 sec before crossing lane

  









Press about us

 








On a recent trip covering everything from local streets to open interstates to stop and go highway traffic, the system performed flawlessly, sometimes surprising me when a driver unexpectedly cut in front in New York City traffic





Collision-avoidance technology is no longer the domain of expensive luxury cars or high-end trim levels — or even new cars, for that matter. Safe Drive Systems can outfit aftermarket basic forward collision and lane-departure warning systems on most cars from model year 2000 and later.





The system can be easily fitted in any car model from year 2000, which is a good news for those who cannot afford a new car but would like to have safety tools in their vehicle. 




























 










			Array            



 













CALL NOW & GET UP TO
$250 INSURANCE REBATE







CALL  855-604-6525






			X            




































































Goldman Sachs | Stories of Progress | Mobileye





















































































Search





 

          twitter 
         

 @GoldmanSachs 
 @GSCareers 
 @GS10KWomen 
 @GS10KSmallBiz 
 
 

          linkedin 
         

 
 

          gplus 
         

 
 

          youtube 
         

 


















+ more






Progress is when a company discovers a visionary technology and millions of drivers are safer on the road.
Mobileye

 










 Your browser does not support HTML5 video. 
        
 









New Orleans
See how Goldman Sachs is helping revitalize New Orleans.









Western & Southern Financial Group







Progress Campaign
Goldman Sachs commits people, capital and ideas to help our clients and the communities we serve to grow.



  Overview  
  Western & Southern  
  Mobileye  
  New Orleans  
  DC Water  








  Mobileye [3:25] 



Additional Videos You Might Be Interested In

   Western & Southern  
   New Orleans  
   DC Water   
   Mobileye [3:25]  



Replay
 









Now playing
Levi's Stadium · 03:13




+ more




Up next
Brooklyn Navy Yard · 03:02
Read more








 See how Goldman Sachs is helping Mobileye change driving.














+ more




Mobileye
A Vision for Safer Driving
 When Mobileye discovered a way to bring artificial intelligence to automotive safety, Goldman Sachs saw the potential early on, helping them raise capital through a strategic investment and later, the largest IPO for an Israeli Company in the US. Mobileye’s technology has continued to evolve—helping drivers see and avoid more obstacles and hazardous conditions, enabling automakers to build safer cars and potentially saving the lives of millions of people around the world.


Location
Jerusalem, Israel
Proprietary Technology
EyeQ®
IPO
$1 Billion






















+ more


The Beginning
A Breakthrough Over 15 Years in the Making
In the late ‘90s, when Professor Amnon Shashua gave a lecture to automakers, he had an unconventional idea he knew could potentially change the industry. So he teamed up with friend and business partner, Ziv Aviram, and launched Mobileye. Over the next 15 years, Mobileye developed a simple, cost-effective, single-camera system that would act as a driver’s “third eye”. The camera could see and interpret the driving scene, sending alerts for hazardous conditions and later, automatically braking to avoid them. Now, with over a million miles of data and advancements, Mobileye’s technologies are leading the industry and helping save countless lives around the world.








        When I was a student, we believed that the first platform for artificial intelligence would be robots. Today we know that the first transformative platform for artificial intelligence are cars. 
      
-Prof. Amnon Shashua, Co-Founder, Chairman and CTO, Mobileye











+ more



 

Mobileye is leading a revolution in the automotive industry, developing technology that takes safety beyond seat belts and airbags. See how a simple, cost-efficient camera can now help drivers interpret the road and environment around them, providing warnings and actively engaging the car’s systems to help millions of drivers potentially avoid accidents.
 
 

Mobileye works with 90% of the world’s major auto manufacturers, providing them with a cost-efficient, customizable technology that enables cars to avoid accidents through alerts and, more recently, active intervention.
 
 

A single monocular camera and proprietary system-on-chip called EyeQ enables cars, trucks and buses to detect and interpret the complex driving environment—acting as the driver’s third eye.
 
 

A chip from Mobileye holds algorithms and information that represent thousands of hours of data collected around the world. It constantly evolves to detect more objects and conditions on the road.
 
 

Camera resolution is calibrated at Mobileye’s headquarters in Jerusalem. The technology is rapidly improving even as the cost remains affordable—a major competitive advantage.
 
 

The system scans the driving environment providing real time information, warnings and active intervention for everything from lane departures to vehicle detection.
 
 

Vehicle detection constantly monitors the distance and speed of other vehicles, automatically alerting or even braking to help drivers avoid an accident.
 
 

Pedestrian detection helps cars avoid colliding with those most vulnerable on the road—human beings—processing information on both the speed and distance, and autonomously braking.
 
 

Like the human eye, the technology sees and interprets the entire scene in real time, detecting lane markings, crosswalks, signs, distances, obstacles, vehicles, pedestrians, animals and other dangers in the environment.
 
 

Mobileye is rapidly evolving the technology toward autonomous driving, when the car can actually drive itself.
 
 

Cities, states and local authorities around the world are beginning to work with automakers and Mobileye toward a future where 99% of auto accidents could successfully be avoided.
 



















+ more


Goldman Sachs' Role
Seeing Potential Early On
Goldman Sachs believed in Mobileye’s vision, investing $130 million in 2007. The capital enabled Mobileye to expand its research and capitalize on market opportunities, even as competitors were retracting during difficult market conditions. A follow-on financing in 2013 enabled the company to raise another $400 million. Then in July 2014, Goldman helped Mobileye raise over $1 billion in a record-setting IPO for an Israeli company in the US as investors could now see where the company’s technology was going.








        Mobileye developed the most advanced and the most cost effective system that can understand, through a single camera, the driving scene. 
      
-Ziv Aviram, Co-Founder, President and CEO, Mobileye



















+ more


The Future
Seeing a Safer World
Mobileye is now providing customizable technology platforms to 90% of the world’s automakers—from family cars to sports cars to corporate fleets. And as their technological journey continues, the way we drive will be completely transformed.










Explore More
Stories of Progress

   Western & Southern Financial Group See how Goldman Sachs is collaborating with Western & Southern Financial Group. Read more  
   New Orleans See how Goldman Sachs is helping revitalize New Orleans. Read more  
   DC Water See how Goldman Sachs is helping DC Water. Read more  










Related Content   /
   Our Thinking

Podcast: Cars 2025 – What Will Drive You?
On this episode of Exchanges at Goldman Sachs, Stefan Burgstaller, head of European Automotive Equity Research at Goldman Sachs, discusses the innovations that could define the car of the future.
Listen Now 



Related Content   /
   Our Thinking

Infographic: Cars 2025
Cleaner, smarter, cheaper: Learn about technologies and trends that are reshaping the automobile and the auto industry.
View Infographic 

















Mobileye N.V. Competitors and Products in the Fleet Management Marketplace   Fleet Management MarketplaceMobileye N.V.Mobileye N.V. Rating: 0 -  Write A Review 02000 Town Center, Suite 1900,Southfield, MI 48075About Mobileye N.V.Mobileye's product line offers the only systems on the market to combine forward collision warning, lane departure warning, and headway monitoring in one affordable solutiuon for accident avoidance and driver behavior documentation. Enhancing fleet management tools by supplying unprecedented recording and analysis abilities, Mobileye’s solutions are customizable for commercial applications. Leading car manufacturers have integrated Mobileye’s technologies, protecting drivers in any vehicle type against distraction and fatigue.As drivers continue to risk and lose their lives by driving inattentively, a growing statistic due to the flurry of in-car distractions and increasing traffic, Mobileye offers a variety solutions to suit any budget, including: Forward Collision Warning, Lane Departure Warning, Headway Monitoring & Warning, Mobileye Data Recording (MDR™), Mobileye Video Recording (MVR™)Competitors of Mobileye N.V.Automile Inc.TRY AUTOMILE FOR FREE (No credit card needed). You will love it. Track and secure your business vehicles instantly with our most affordable solution. Simply plug our smart device into your vehicles and manage via our robust mobile and web apps. “We’ve had a 66% cost savings merely by switching... Read More Send an email Email Sent 1 product Write a reviewGPS InsightThe GPS Insight Vehicle & Asset Tracking Solutions are tailored specifically to your business to tackle your costly fleet challenges. No one focuses more on the customer experience and flexibility of GPS tracking solutions than GPS Insight. GPS Insight is a leading technology provider GPS... Read More Send an email Email Sent 3 products Write a reviewWheels Inc.We provide comprehensive fleet management services to organizations around the world. We strive to provide service which exceeds client expectations. We are committed to helping you manage costs, making administering the fleet simple, taking care of your drivers - increasing productivity and... Read More Send an email Email Sent 11 products Write a review×Rate and Review Mobileye N.V.     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Mobileye N.V.. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Mobileye N.V..We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review Automile Inc.     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Automile Inc.. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Automile Inc..We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Contact Automile Inc. Your Name Email Address Your Job FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Your Company Subject Line Message
I saw your company in the Fleet Management Marketplace and would like to have someone contact me.     Information Requested.Close×Rate and Review GPS Insight     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of GPS Insight. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of GPS Insight.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Contact GPS Insight Your Name Email Address Your Job FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Your Company Subject Line Message
I saw your company in the Fleet Management Marketplace and would like to have someone contact me.     Information Requested.Close×Rate and Review Wheels Inc.     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Wheels Inc.. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Wheels Inc..We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Contact Wheels Inc. Your Name Email Address Your Job FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Your Company Subject Line Message
I saw your company in the Fleet Management Marketplace and would like to have someone contact me.     Information Requested.Close×Sign up for full directory site access or loginLogin or sign upForgot PasswordLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to login to Fleet Management Marketplace. Login with LinkedInEmail AddressPasswordInvalid username or password    Forgot PasswordPrivacy Policy | Terms of UseLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to sign up for Fleet Management Marketplace. Sign up with LinkedInNameEmail AddressJob FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Company NamePasswordAccount already exists. Please login with correct username and password.Privacy Policy | Terms of UseForgot Your Password? Enter the email address on your account. We will email you information to reset your password. LoginEmail Address











ADAS - Mobileye





























































Skip to main content















In the News
Press Room
Events
Careers



Language










ADASHomeOur TechnologyADAS





Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) systems range on the spectrum of passive/active.
A passive system alerts the driver of a potentially dangerous situation so that the driver can take action to correct it. For example, Lane Departure Warning (LDW) alerts the driver of unintended/unindicated lane departure; Forward Collision Warning (FCW) indicates that under the current dynamics relative to the vehicle ahead, a collision is imminent. The driver then needs to brake in order to avoid the collision.
In contrast, active safety systems take action. Automatic Emergency Braking (AEB) identifies the imminent collision and brakes without any driver intervention. Other examples of active functions are Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC), Lane Keeping Assist (LKA), Lane Centering (LC), and Traffic Jam Assist (TJA).
ACC automatically adjusts the host vehicle speed from its pre-set value (as in standard cruise control) in case of a slower vehicle in its path. LKA and LC automatically steer the vehicle to stay within the lane boundaries. TJA is a combination of both ACC and LC under traffic jam conditions. It is these automated features which comprise the building blocks of semi/fully autonomous driving.
Mobileye supports a comprehensive suite of ADAS functions – AEB, LDW, FCW, LKA, LC, TJA, Traffic Sign Recognition (TSR), and Intelligent High-beam Control (IHC) – using a single camera mounted on the windshield, processed by a single EyeQ® chip.
In addition to the delivery of these ADAS products through integration with automotive OEMs, Mobileye offers an aftermarket warning-only system that can be retrofitted onto any existing vehicle. The Mobileye aftermarket product offers numerous life-saving warnings in a single bundle, protecting the driver against the dangers of distraction and fatigue. Find more on the aftermarket product here.
 





 


Choose Country

































﻿

























Analyzing PTC (PMTC) and Mobileye N.V. (MBLY) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for PTC Inc
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor PTC Inc with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

SunCoke Energy, Inc. (NYSE:SXC) Major Shareholder Mangrove Partners Master Fund, Sells 41,131 Shares
Alta Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (NYSE:BR)
Insider Selling: Ball Corporation (NYSE:BLL) Chairman Sells 5,683 Shares of Stock
Insider Selling: Enbridge Inc (TSE:ENB) Insider Sells 4,252 Shares of Stock
Insider Selling: Pure Storage, Inc. (PSTG) CFO Sells 10,248 Shares of Stock
Orezone Gold Corp (ORE) Director Buys C$114,100.00 in Stock
Fulgent Genetic (FLGT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
Insider Buying: Gold Standard Ventures Corp (GSV) Insider Purchases 53,600 Shares of Stock
Traders Purchase Large Volume of Put Options on SPDR S&P Oil & Gas Explore & Prod. (NYSE:XOP)
Investors Purchase Large Volume of United Parcel Service Call Options (UPS)
Short Interest in Tesoro Corporation (NYSE:TSO) Drops By 35.1%
Newfield Exploration Company (NFX) Short Interest Down 21.2% in June
Biogen (NASDAQ:BIIB) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.04
Western Digital Corporation Sees Unusually High Options Volume (WDC)
WideOpenWest, Inc. (NYSE:WOW) Short Interest Down 66.9% in June
Keysight Technologies Inc. (NYSE:KEYS) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest
LifePoint Health (NASDAQ:LPNT) Receiving Very Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds
Intercontinental Hotels Group (NYSE:IHG) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.31
Very Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Calpine Corporation (NYSE:CPN) Share Price
GasLog Partners (NYSE:GLOP) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds


 


Analyzing PTC (PMTC) and Mobileye N.V. (MBLY)

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 

PTC (NASDAQ: PMTC) and Mobileye N.V. (NYSE:MBLY) are both technology companies, but which is the better stock? We will compare the two companies based on the strength of their profitabiliy, analyst recommendations, dividends, institutional ownership, earnings, risk and valuation. 
Profitability


 Get PTC Inc alerts:



This table compares PTC and Mobileye N.V.’s net margins, return on equity and return on assets.



Net Margins
Return on Equity
Return on Assets


PTC
-0.39%
-0.53%
-0.20%


Mobileye N.V.
29.43%
17.78%
15.85%






Institutional & Insider Ownership
62.3% of Mobileye N.V. shares are held by institutional investors. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that large money managers, hedge funds and endowments believe a company will outperform the market over the long term.
Earnings & Valuation
This table compares PTC and Mobileye N.V.’s revenue, earnings per share and valuation.



Gross Revenue
Price/Sales Ratio
EBITDA
Earnings Per Share
Price/Earnings Ratio


PTC
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


Mobileye N.V.
$407.63 million
34.51
$138.64 million
$0.50
126.72


Mobileye N.V. has higher revenue and earnings than PTC. 
Analyst Recommendations
This is a breakdown of current ratings for PTC and Mobileye N.V., as reported by MarketBeat. 



Sell Ratings
Hold Ratings
Buy Ratings
Strong Buy Ratings
Rating Score


PTC
0
0
1
0
3.00


Mobileye N.V.
1
20
3
0
2.08


PTC currently has a consensus target price of $64.00, indicating a potential upside of 96.44%. Mobileye N.V. has a consensus target price of $55.66, indicating a potential downside of 12.15%. Given PTC’s stronger consensus rating and higher possible upside, equities analysts clearly believe PTC is more favorable than Mobileye N.V..
Summary
Mobileye N.V. beats PTC on 6 of the 8 factors compared between the two stocks.
About PTC
PTC Inc. is a global computer software and services company. The Company offers a portfolio of computer-aided design (CAD) modeling, product lifecycle management (PLM) and service lifecycle management (SLM) solutions for manufacturers to create, operate, and service products. It offers a suite of Internet of Things (IoT) solutions that enables its customers to connect, manage and analyze data, and create applications. Its segments include the Solutions Group, the IoT Group and Professional Services. The Solutions Group segment includes its CAD, PLM and SLM products. The IoT Group segment includes its IoT, analytics and augmented reality (AR) solutions. The Professional Services segment includes consulting, implementation and training business. Its IoT products include ThingWorx, KEPServerEX, Vuforia Studio and Vuforia. Its CAD products include Creo and Mathcad. Its PLM products include Windchill, Integrity, Navigate and Creo View. Its SLM products include Servigistics and Arbortext.
About Mobileye N.V.
Mobileye N.V. is engaged in the development of computer vision and machine learning-based sensing, mapping and driving policy technology for advanced driver assistance systems and autonomous driving technologies. The Company operates through two segments: Original Equipment Manufacturing, which supplies the software algorithms and EyeQ chip, and After Market, which sells a complete system, which includes its software algorithms and EyeQ chip, as well as the camera and other necessary components. Its software algorithms and EyeQ chips perform detailed interpretations of the visual field in order to anticipate possible collisions with other vehicles, pedestrians, cyclists, animals, debris and other obstacles. Its products are able to detect roadway markings; identify and read traffic signs, directional signs and traffic lights; create a Roadbook of localized drivable paths and visual landmarks using its road experience management technology, and provide mapping for autonomous driving. 
 
Receive News & Ratings for PTC Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PTC Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 




























﻿






























Mobileye N.V. (NYSE:MBLY) & PTC (PMTC) Financial Analysis - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Mobileye N.V.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Mobileye N.V. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Perrigo Company (NYSE:PRGO) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages
Brokerages Set USD Partners LP (USDP) PT at $13.25
Analyzing Petroleo Brasileiro S.A.- Petrobras (NYSE:PBR.A) & YPF Sociedad Anonima (YPF)
Comparing A. Schulman (SHLM) and Chemours Company (The) (CC)
Mobileye N.V. (NYSE:MBLY) & PTC (PMTC) Financial Analysis
Critical Comparison: Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) versus Whole Foods Market (NASDAQ:WFM)
STORE Capital Corporation to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.29 (STOR)
Chatham Lodging Trust (CLDT) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.11
Halozyme Therapeutics (HALO) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Accern Reports
Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB) Shares Sold by Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.
M&T Bank Corporation (NYSE:MTB) Stake Boosted by Bank of America Corp DE
Bank of America Corp DE Has $1.46 Billion Position in Carnival Corporation (NYSE:CCL)
Two Sigma Securities LLC Raises Stake in D.R. Horton, Inc. (DHI)
Regions Financial Corporation (RF) Stake Reduced by Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc.
Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (NASDAQ:ISRG) Upgraded at BidaskClub
Dynamic Capital Management Ltd Has $1.07 Million Stake in AutoZone, Inc. (AZO)
Intuit Inc. (NASDAQ:INTU) Stake Lowered by Quest Investment Management LLC
New York State Teachers Retirement System Has $28.90 Million Stake in Lincoln National Corporation (NYSE:LNC)
Geode Capital Management LLC Raises Stake in Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM)
OZ Management LP Acquires Shares of 101,000 Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (ICE)







Mobileye N.V. (NYSE:MBLY) & PTC (PMTC) Financial Analysis


					Posted by Lucas Kauffman on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments




Mobileye N.V. (NYSE: MBLY) and PTC (NASDAQ:PMTC) are both computer and technology companies, but which is the better stock? We will contrast the two companies based on the strength of their dividends, risk, earnings, analyst recommendations, valuation, institutional ownership and profitabiliy. 
Analyst Recommendations


 Get Mobileye N.V. alerts:



This is a breakdown of recent recommendations and price targets for Mobileye N.V. and PTC, as provided by MarketBeat.com. 



Sell Ratings
Hold Ratings
Buy Ratings
Strong Buy Ratings
Rating Score


Mobileye N.V.
1
20
3
0
2.08


PTC
0
0
1
0
3.00







Mobileye N.V. presently has a consensus target price of $55.66, indicating a potential downside of 12.07%. PTC has a consensus target price of $64.00, indicating a potential upside of 96.44%. Given PTC’s stronger consensus rating and  higher probable upside, analysts plainly believe PTC is more favorable than Mobileye N.V..
Institutional and Insider Ownership
62.3% of Mobileye N.V. shares are held by institutional investors. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that endowments, hedge funds and large money managers believe a stock will outperform the market over the long term.
Profitability
This table compares Mobileye N.V. and PTC’s net margins, return on equity and return on assets.



Net Margins
Return on Equity
Return on Assets


Mobileye N.V.
29.43%
17.78%
15.85%


PTC
-0.39%
-0.53%
-0.20%


Earnings & Valuation
This table compares Mobileye N.V. and PTC’s top-line revenue, earnings per share and valuation.



Gross Revenue
Price/Sales Ratio
EBITDA
Earnings Per Share
Price/Earnings Ratio


Mobileye N.V.
$407.63 million
34.48
$138.64 million
$0.50
126.60


PTC
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


Mobileye N.V. has higher revenue and earnings than PTC. 
Summary
Mobileye N.V. beats PTC on 6 of the 8 factors compared between the two stocks.
About Mobileye N.V.
Mobileye N.V. is engaged in the development of computer vision and machine learning-based sensing, mapping and driving policy technology for advanced driver assistance systems and autonomous driving technologies. The Company operates through two segments: Original Equipment Manufacturing, which supplies the software algorithms and EyeQ chip, and After Market, which sells a complete system, which includes its software algorithms and EyeQ chip, as well as the camera and other necessary components. Its software algorithms and EyeQ chips perform detailed interpretations of the visual field in order to anticipate possible collisions with other vehicles, pedestrians, cyclists, animals, debris and other obstacles. Its products are able to detect roadway markings; identify and read traffic signs, directional signs and traffic lights; create a Roadbook of localized drivable paths and visual landmarks using its road experience management technology, and provide mapping for autonomous driving.
About PTC
PTC Inc. is a global computer software and services company. The Company offers a portfolio of computer-aided design (CAD) modeling, product lifecycle management (PLM) and service lifecycle management (SLM) solutions for manufacturers to create, operate, and service products. It offers a suite of Internet of Things (IoT) solutions that enables its customers to connect, manage and analyze data, and create applications. Its segments include the Solutions Group, the IoT Group and Professional Services. The Solutions Group segment includes its CAD, PLM and SLM products. The IoT Group segment includes its IoT, analytics and augmented reality (AR) solutions. The Professional Services segment includes consulting, implementation and training business. Its IoT products include ThingWorx, KEPServerEX, Vuforia Studio and Vuforia. Its CAD products include Creo and Mathcad. Its PLM products include Windchill, Integrity, Navigate and Creo View. Its SLM products include Servigistics and Arbortext.






Receive News & Ratings for Mobileye N.V. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mobileye N.V. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 














































Mobileye - Wikipedia






















 






Mobileye

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Mobileye N.V.





U.S. Ambassador visiting Mobileye in Har Hotzvim Technology park




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: MBLY


Industry
Automotive


Founded
1999; 18 years ago (1999)
Jerusalem


Founder
Ziv Aviram
Amnon Shashua


Headquarters
Jerusalem[note 1][1][2]



Key people

Ziv Aviram,
(President)
Amnon Shashua
(Chairman and CTO)


Revenue
USD 358.16 million (2016)



Operating income

USD 120.94 million (2016)



Net income

USD 108.37 million (2016)


Total assets
USD 780.38 million (2016)


Total equity
USD 698.41 million (2016)



Number of employees

663 (2016)


Parent
Intel


Website
mobileye.com


Mobileye is an Israeli technology company that develops vision-based advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS) providing warnings for collision prevention and mitigation. Mobileye N.V. headquarters and main R&D centre is located in Jerusalem operating under the company name Mobileye Vision Technology Ltd.[3] The company has also sales and marketing offices in Jericho, New York; Shanghai, China; Tokyo, Japan and Düsseldorf, Germany.
In March 2017, Intel announced that they had agreed to a US$15.3 billion takeover of Mobileye.[4] The deal is expected to be the largest exit in Israel's high-tech industry to date. [5]




A MobileEye EyeQ2 chip used in a Hyundai Lane Guidance camera module.





Contents


1 History
2 Company timeline
3 Technologies

3.1 Aftermarket


4 Investments
5 Awards
6 Competition
7 See also
8 Notes
9 References
10 External links



History[edit]
Mobileye N.V. was founded in 1999 by Amnon Shashua (a researcher of the Hebrew University), when he evolved his academic research into a technical solution for a vision system which could detect vehicles using only a camera and software algorithms on a processor.[6] After receiving a license to use the technology which was owned by Yissum it was possible to incorporate the company. Together with Ziv Aviram, he set up the company's R&D headquarters in Jerusalem, Israel.
At first, the company developed algorithms, and a processor chip called the EyeQ chip. All of Mobileye’s proprietary image processing algorithms run on the EyeQ chip. After years of testing, the chip and software algorithms began to be sold as commercial products to original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers. The company’s first clients were automotive manufacturers such as BMW, General Motors and Volvo. These companies electronics suppliers integrated Mobileye’s technologies into the companies' cars, at first as an optional accessory when buying a new car, and later as a standard option in new cars.[7]
In 2006, Mobileye set up an aftermarket department, which sells finished products manufactured by Mobileye at their Philippines factory, IMI. The aftermarket products are sold to an international network of distributors on all continents who sell the products to fleets of trucks and buses, to car dealerships, and to car accessory shops.[8]
In August 2015, Tesla Motors announced that it is using Mobileye's technology to enable its self-drive solution, which would be incorporated into Model S cars from August 2015.[9] After the first deadly crash of a self-driving Model S with active Autopilot became public in June 2016, Mobileye issued a statement that its technology won't be able to recognize a crossing trailer (which was the cause of the accident) until 2018.[10] In July 2016, Mobileye announced the end of its partnership with Tesla after the EyeQ3.[11][12] EyeQ is used in over 15 million vehicles sold as of 2017.[13]
In January 2017, Mobileye, BMW and Intel announced that they were developing a test fleet of autonomous vehicles that would be on the road in the second half of 2017.[14] The companies plan to develop autonomous vehicles for the consumer market by 2021.[15] In March 2017, Intel announced their recent deals to buy Mobileye for $15.3 billion.[16]
Company timeline[edit]

1999: Mobileye NV co-founded by Mr. Ziv Aviram and Prof. Amnon Shashua[17]
1999 (June): Introduction of the first generation Live Demonstration System
1999: Mobileye received a license from Yissum to be able to use the technology.
2000: Introduction of the second generation Live Demonstration System
2001 (February): Introduction of the third generation Live Demonstration System
2001 (May): Introduction of the fourth generation Live Demonstration System
2002: Introduction of the fifth generation Live Demonstration System for Multi-Vision Applications
2003: Mobileye and Denso sign cooperation agreement
2003: Mobileye and Delphi sign cooperation agreement
2004: Introduction of the first generation EyeQTM System-on-a-Chip (SoC)
2004: Mobileye and SVDO/Continental sign a development agreement
2005: Mobileye and ST Microelectrionics sign a chip manufacture and development partnership agreement[18]
2006: Introduction of the sixth generation Live Demonstration System for Pedestrian Detection
2006: Introduction of Mobileye's Aftermarket Department
2006 (July): Mobileye and Magna Electronics announce partnership to develop advanced automotive driver assistance features[19]
2007: U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs invests $100 million in Mobileye[20]
2007: Mobileye launches multiple series productions for LDW on GM Cadillac STS and DTS vehicles,[21] for LDW on BMW 5 and 6 Series vehicles[22] and for radar-vision fusion for enhanced Adaptive Cruise Control with Collision Mitigation by Braking on Volvo S80, XC90/70/60 and V70 vehicles[23]
2007: Introduction of the Mobileye Advanced Warning System providing a world's first Aftermarket system featuring functions of lane and vehicle Detection running on a single processor[24]
2008 (September): Mobileye and Continental launch a world's first combination of multiple functions of Lane Departure Warning, Intelligent Highbeam Control and Traffic Sign Recognition on the BMW 7 series[25]
2008: Introduction of the second generation EyeQ2TM System-on-a-Chip (SoC)[26]
2009: Mobileye and Visteon sign cooperation agreement [27]
2010: U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs, Leumi Partners and Menora Mivtachim Holdings Ltd. invest $37 million in Mobileye[28]
2010: Mobileye launches newest aftermarket product, the C2-270 Collision Prevention System, with vehicle, pedestrian, bicycle, and motorcycle detection capabilities.[29]
2010: Mobileye launches a world-first vision based Pedestrian Forward Collision Warning as part of a radar-vision 'automatic emergency braking system' with Delphi and Volvo on the S60 saloon and V60 estate
2010: Mobileye launches Lane Keeping and Support (LKAS) on two HKMC vehicles (Hyundai i40 and Kia Optima) for US and European introduction.
2011: Mobileye launches the world's first vision only based forward collision warning system (bundled with multiple other functions of LDW IHC and TSR) on the 2011 BMW 1 series
2011: Mobileye launches the world's first vision only based U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) compliant Forward Collision Warning system and lane departure warning system combination on multiple GM vehicles – Chevrolet Equinox and GMC Terrain.
2011: Mobileye launches multi functional bundles including vision based FCW on the Opel Zafira and Opel Insignia.
2014: Mobileye launched its IPO on the NYSE which was the biggest Israeli IPO ever in the US raising approx. $1B at a market cap of $5.3B[30]
2017: Acquired by Intel for $15B [31]

Technologies[edit]
The firm's technology is based on the use of optical vision systems with motion detection algorithms, unlike many other systems which use a combination of visual detection, radar, and laser scanning. The firm's vehicle detection algorithms recognize motorised vehicles such as cars, motorcycles and trucks, in day and night time conditions.[citation needed] The firm's version performs its vehicle detection based functions using a single camera mounted in the rear view mirror, unlike the usual approach of using radars, laser scanners or in some cases stereo-cameras.[32]
In 2011 the firm introduced the world's first OEM production of vision-only forward collision warning system (NHTSA compliant) on multiple BMW, GM and Opel vehicles.[citation needed]
Lane departure warning systems are in-vehicle electronic systems that monitor the position of a vehicle within a roadway lane and warn a driver if the vehicle deviates or is about to deviate outside the lane. Mobileye's version was launched in multiple production platforms through 2007 and 2008 with GM, BMW and Volvo.[citation needed]
The firm's pedestrian detection technology is based on the use of mono cameras only, using pattern recognition and classifiers with image processing and optic flow analysis. Both static and moving pedestrians can be detected to a range of around 30m using VGA resolution imagers.[citation needed] The firm announced in 2008 that by mid-2010 they would launch a world's first application of full emergency braking for collision mitigation for pedestrians. Mobileye announced in May 2009 as part of the next generation Volvo radar-vision fusion system which also provides lane departure warning and vehicle detection with radar-vision fusion for an enhanced collision mitigation by braking system on the next Volvo S60 vehicle.[33][unreliable source?]
Since 2008, BMW 7-Series cars are equipped with the Mobileye traffic sign recognition systems, developed in cooperation with automotive supplier Continental AG.[34]
Adaptive highbeam systems automatically raises and lowering the high beams without inconveniencing oncoming or preceding traffic. The firm's version, Intelligent Headlight Control, is in production on the BMW 7 series.[35]
In 2011, the firm introduced multi-functional bundles including vision based FCW on the Opel Zafira and Opel Insignia.
In 2016, Mobileye announced a deal to work with Renault Nissan on digital maps that will help the automaker’s move towards driverless cars.[36]
Aftermarket[edit]
Since 2007 the firm has offered a range of aftermarket vision based ADAS systems, based on the same core technology as for production models. They currently offer lane departure warning, forward collision warning, headway monitoring and warning, low speed urban collision warning, intelligent headlamp control, speed limit indication (tsr) and pedestrian collision warning (including bicycles). These systems have also been integrated with fleet management systems.[37]
Investments[edit]
Between 2007 and 2011 the company raised $160 million. In 2013 the company sold 25% of its private shares for $400 million to a group of blue-chip investors.[38][39][40] One of Mobileye's biggest investors was Colmobil CEO Shmuel Harlap, who held a 7.2% stake. [41] Following the acquisition, he'll become Israel's newest billionaire, joining co-founders Amnon Shashua and Ziv Aviram in the billionaire's club.[42]
Awards[edit]

International Fleet Industry Award, Fleet Europe, November 2013 [43]
International Fleet Industry Award, Fleet Europe, October 2011.[44]
Fleet Safety Forum Award for Excellence in the UK, for the Fleet Safety Product category, for the Mobileye C2-170 safety system.[45] Brake – Road Safety Charity -, July 2009.
Best Electronic Design 2008 for Best Automotive Design, for the EyeQ2 Vision Processor.[46] Electronic Design, December 2008.
Entrepreneurial Company of the Year Award in the Automotive Industry. Frost & Sullivan, December 2006.[47]
Selected for the Top 100 Innovators Award. Red Herring Magazine, December 2005.[48]

Competition[edit]
Mobileye faces competition from Tier 1 automotive suppliers as well as from other technology companies, including potentially Google.[49] There is also an increasing competition on the after-market space from radar-based systems manufacturers, such as Safe Drive Systems and others.[50] Other competitors developing ADAS technology include Cognitive Technologies, Continental AG,[51][52] Bosch,[53][54] NVIDIA,[55] OmniVision Technologies,[56] Freescale,[57] Texas Instruments,[58][59] Toshiba,[60][61] Renesas Electronics Corp., Denso,[62] Green Hills Software,[63] Intel[64][65] (not a competition after the acquisition of Mobileye by Intel), Qualcomm,[66][67] and TomTom.[68]
See also[edit]

Science and technology in Israel
Economy of Israel
Start-up Nation

Notes[edit]



^ The Jerusalem Law states that "Jerusalem, complete and united, is the capital of Israel" and the city serves as the seat of the government, home to the President's residence, government offices, supreme court, and parliament. United Nations Security Council Resolution 478 (20 August 1980; 14–0, U.S. abstaining) declared the Jerusalem Law "null and void" and called on member states to withdraw their diplomatic missions from Jerusalem. The United Nations and all member nations refuse to accept the Jerusalem Law (see Kellerman 1993, p. 140) and maintain their embassies in other cities such as Tel Aviv, Ramat Gan, and Herzliya (see the CIA Factbook and Map of Israel). The U.S. Congress subsequently adopted the Jerusalem Embassy Act, which said that the U.S. embassy should be relocated to Jerusalem and that it should be recognized as the capital of Israel. However, the US Justice Department Office of Legal Counsel concluded that the provisions of the act "invade exclusive presidential authorities in the field of foreign affairs and are unconstitutional". Since passage of the act, all presidents serving in office have determined that moving forward with the relocation would be detrimental to U.S. national security concerns and opted to issue waivers suspending any action on this front. The Palestinian Authority sees East Jerusalem as the capital of a future Palestinian state. The city's final status awaits future negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority (see "Negotiating Jerusalem," Palestine–Israel Journal). See Positions on Jerusalem for more information.



References[edit]


^ United Nations News Centre (28 October 2009). "Jerusalem must be capital of both Israel and Palestine, Ban says". UN News Centre. Retrieved 30 July 2015. 
^ "Basic Law: Jerusalem, Capital of Israel". Knesset. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ "MOBILEYE VISION TECHNOLOGIES LTD | Israel Company Reports – Search Israeli Companies". www.israelbizreg.com. Retrieved 2016-10-06. 
^ "Intel buys driverless car technology firm Mobileye". BBC. 13 March 2017. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ מובילאיי (2017-03-13). "אינטל מאשרת את חשיפת TheMarker: תרכוש את מובילאיי ב-15.3 מיליארד דולר – שוק ההון". TheMarker. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [1]
^ Sarah, Viva (2014-03-23). "What drives Israel’s serial entrepreneurs?". ISRAEL21c. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ NYC taxis to be a little safer, thanks to Mobileye: Israeli road safety alert system is being installed in New York cabs to help their operators drive more safely, David Shamah , Times of Israel 15 June 2015
^ Mobileye’s Tech Powers Tesla Model NoCamels News 23 August 2015
^ Tesla and Mobileye disagree on lack of emergency braking in deadly Autopilot crash, on The Verge, July 1, 2016
^ Bhuiyan, Johana (26 July 2016). "In the wake of a fatal crash, Tesla will quit using Mobileye's chips for Autopilot vision". ReCode. Retrieved 26 July 2016. 
^ Korosec, Kristen (26 July 2016). "Mobileye Is Ending Its Relationship With Tesla on Future Self-Driving Car Tech". Fortune. Retrieved 26 July 2016. 
^ "Mobileye and Intel join forces". The Economist. Retrieved 2017-04-01. 
^ "BMW Group, Intel and Mobileye will have autonomous test vehicles on the roads by the second half of 2017" (PDF). 4 January 2017. 
^ Ohnsman, Alan. "Mobileye Wants To Teach Your Robotic Car To Merge In Heavy Boston Traffic". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ Sharma, Rakesh (2017-03-13). "Intel Buys Mobileye for $15.3B". Investopedia. Retrieved 2017-03-13. 
^ "Mobileye's LinkedIn Profile". Linkedin.com. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ View ST Microelectronics Press Release Archived September 22, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ [2][dead link]
^ Gabay, Eran (2008-04-02). "Goldman Sachs investing $100m in startup Mobileye". Haaretz.com. Archived from the original on 2008-09-17. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "View PRNewswire Press Release". Newswiretoday.com. 2008-01-15. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ [3][dead link]
^ [4][dead link]
^ "View News Wire Today". Newswiretoday.com. 2008-03-24. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "View High Beam News Article". Highbeam.com. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ View STMicroelectronics Press Release Archived October 23, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ [5][dead link]
^ [6][dead link]
^ [7]
^ Coppola, Gabrielle (2014-07-31). "Mobileye Raises $890 Million as Largest Israeli IPO in the U.S". Bloomberg. 
^ "Intel acquisition of Mobileye". Intelandmobileye.transactionannouncement.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Mobileye 560 Review | Goshers Blind Spot Detection System". Consumer Reports. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ Administrator, Cars (2009-10-14). "Cars.co.za: Volvo Cars tests new, unique safety technology in Copenhagen – in a disguised S60 prototype". Carszainfo.blogspot.com. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ [8]
^ "BMW 7 Series and its amazing Headlights System - AutoSpies Auto News". Autospies.com. 2008-12-10. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ Reed, John; Ahmed, Murad (2016-02-24). "Mobileye takes fight to Google in autonomous cars". Financial Times. ISSN 0307-1766. Retrieved 2016-02-24. 
^ "InstallerNet to handle installation of Mobileye systems". Fleet Owner. Fleet Owner. Apr 14, 2010. Retrieved 2015-01-26. 
^ Rochvarger, Michael; Schmil, Daniel (17 May 2014). "Crash-avoidance Car Firm Mobileye Reportedly Eyes Monster $1b IPO" – via Haaretz. 
^ Rochvarger, Michael; Schmil, Daniel (8 July 2013). "Israeli Startup Mobileye Selling 25% Stake for $400m to Group of Blue-chip Investors". Haaretz. 
^ Lloyd, William. "The Wall Street Journal & Breaking News, Business, Financial and Economic News, World News and Video". Wsj.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "The Mobileye billionaires – Globes English". globes.co.il. Retrieved 18 March 2017. 
^ "Intel's $15.3 Billion Bid For Mobileye Pushes Israeli Investor Into The Billionaire Ranks". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "News". Fleet Europe. 2016-12-14. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [9]
^ Fleet Safety Forum Award Winners Archived December 20, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "2008 Winner's List". Electronicdesign.com. 2008-12-04. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "Frost & Sullivan Press Release". Frost.com. 2006-12-14. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "View Press Release". Allbusiness.com. 2004-12-09. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ [10]
^ "Safe Drive Systems Launches Anti-Collision Technology in U.S. | March 06, 2014". FenderBender. 2014-03-06. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Continental Automotive -Advanced Driver Assistance Systems". Conti-online.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Continental Automotive -Advanced Driver Assistance Systems". Conti-online.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [11]
^ [12]
^ "Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) | NVIDIA DRIVE". NVIDIA. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Overview | Automotive Imaging | OmniVision". Ovt.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "NXP Semiconductors | Automotive, Security, IoT". Freescale.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Solutions | Overview". TI.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS) | Renesas Electronics America". Am.renesas.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Toshiba to supply chips for driver-assist systems- Nikkei Asian Review". Asia.nikkei.com. 2014-09-13. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Products | TOSHIBA Storage & Electronic Devices Solutions Company | Americas". Toshiba.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [13]
^ "Green Hills Platform for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS)". Ghs.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ King, Ian (2014-07-01). "Intel Chases Sales on Silicon Road to Driverless Cars". Bloomberg. 
^ [14]
^ "Qualcomm reveals automotive strategy at CES". Eetindia.co.in. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Connected Wi-Fi, Telematics & Infotainment for Cars". Qualcomm. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "TomTom and Bosch SoftTec team up to deliver advanced driver assistance systems (AMS:TOMTOM)". Corporate.tomtom.com. 2014-09-29. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


Intel



Subsidiaries



3Dlabs
Altera
Comneon
Intel Security
Mobileye
Recon Instruments
Virtutech
Wind River Systems
4Group Holdings (50% owned by Technicolor SA)





Products



Intel AZ210
3D XPoint
Accounts & SSO
Amplify Tablet
Advanced Programmable Interrupt Controller
Cache Acceleration Software
Client Initiated Remote Access
Direct Media Interface
Flexible Display Interface
Hella Zippy
Intel 1103
Intel Display Power Saving Technology
Intel Modular Server System
Intel Reader
Intel SPSH4
Intel System Development Kit
Intel Upgrade Service
Intel740
InTru3D
IXP1200
OFono
Omni-Path
Performance acceleration technology
Shooting Star
Smart Cache
Stable Image Platform
Virtual 8086 mode
WiDi
X25-M
X86
Intel Clear Video
Intel Quick Sync Video





Litigation



Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. v. Intel Corp.
High-Tech Employee Antitrust Litigation
Intel Corp. v. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Intel Corp. v. Hamidi
Intel Corporation Inc. v CPM United Kingdom Ltd
Silvaco Data Systems v. Intel Corp.





People



Gordon Moore
Robert Noyce





Related



Intel Foundation Achievement Award
Apple's transition to Intel processors
Intel Architecture Labs
ASCI Red
BiiN
Classmate PC
Convera Corporation
Copy Exactly!
Cornell Cup USA
Intel Developer Forum
Dynamic video memory technology
Intel Extreme Masters
List of Intel microprocessors
List of Intel graphics processing units (2013 or earlier)
I/O Acceleration Technology
IA-32 Execution Layer
IM Flash Technologies
The Innovators
Inside
Inside Films
Intel ADX
Intel Capital
Intel Cluster Ready
Intel Compute Stick
Intel Ireland
Intel Mobile Communications
Intel Outstanding Researcher Award
Intel SHA extensions
Intel Teach
List of semiconductor fabrication plants
List of Intel manufacturing sites
Intel Museum
OnCue
Intel PRO/Wireless
Intel International Science and Engineering Fair
Regeneron Science Talent Search
Simple Firmware Interface
Single-chip Cloud Computer
Software Guard Extensions
Supervisor Mode Access Prevention
Tarari
Intel Technology Journal
Intel Tera-Scale
Timeline of Intel
Xircom












v
t
e


 Automotive industry in Israel






Automotive industry
Economy of Israel
Transportation in Israel





Current manufacturers



AIL
Carmor
Ha'argaz
MDT
Merkavim
Plasan Sasa
Rafael
Soltam Systems
Tomcar





Defunct manufacturers



Autocars Co.
Better Place
Kaiser-Ilin Industries





Components



Alliance Tire
Ashot Ashkelon
ERM Telematics
Mobileye
Raval ACS
Tadir-Gan





Related topics



AutoMotor(Auto Show)
Israeli Highways
National Roads Company of Israel










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mobileye&oldid=788018201"					
Categories: Automotive safety technologiesAutomotive electronicsAutomotive technology tradenamesIsraeli brandsCommercial computer vision systemsArtificial intelligence applicationsCompanies of IsraelCompanies established in 1999Autonomous carsIntelligent transportation systemsVehicle technologyWarning systemsCompanies based in JerusalemCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeIntel acquisitionsMergers and acquisitions of Israeli companiesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2017Articles with dead external links from November 2011Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2015Articles with unsourced statements from January 2013All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from January 2014 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisעברית日本語Русский 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 June 2017, at 00:30.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mobileye - Wikipedia






















 






Mobileye

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Mobileye N.V.





U.S. Ambassador visiting Mobileye in Har Hotzvim Technology park




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: MBLY


Industry
Automotive


Founded
1999; 18 years ago (1999)
Jerusalem


Founder
Ziv Aviram
Amnon Shashua


Headquarters
Jerusalem[note 1][1][2]



Key people

Ziv Aviram,
(President)
Amnon Shashua
(Chairman and CTO)


Revenue
USD 358.16 million (2016)



Operating income

USD 120.94 million (2016)



Net income

USD 108.37 million (2016)


Total assets
USD 780.38 million (2016)


Total equity
USD 698.41 million (2016)



Number of employees

663 (2016)


Parent
Intel


Website
mobileye.com


Mobileye is an Israeli technology company that develops vision-based advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS) providing warnings for collision prevention and mitigation. Mobileye N.V. headquarters and main R&D centre is located in Jerusalem operating under the company name Mobileye Vision Technology Ltd.[3] The company has also sales and marketing offices in Jericho, New York; Shanghai, China; Tokyo, Japan and Düsseldorf, Germany.
In March 2017, Intel announced that they had agreed to a US$15.3 billion takeover of Mobileye.[4] The deal is expected to be the largest exit in Israel's high-tech industry to date. [5]




A MobileEye EyeQ2 chip used in a Hyundai Lane Guidance camera module.





Contents


1 History
2 Company timeline
3 Technologies

3.1 Aftermarket


4 Investments
5 Awards
6 Competition
7 See also
8 Notes
9 References
10 External links



History[edit]
Mobileye N.V. was founded in 1999 by Amnon Shashua (a researcher of the Hebrew University), when he evolved his academic research into a technical solution for a vision system which could detect vehicles using only a camera and software algorithms on a processor.[6] After receiving a license to use the technology which was owned by Yissum it was possible to incorporate the company. Together with Ziv Aviram, he set up the company's R&D headquarters in Jerusalem, Israel.
At first, the company developed algorithms, and a processor chip called the EyeQ chip. All of Mobileye’s proprietary image processing algorithms run on the EyeQ chip. After years of testing, the chip and software algorithms began to be sold as commercial products to original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers. The company’s first clients were automotive manufacturers such as BMW, General Motors and Volvo. These companies electronics suppliers integrated Mobileye’s technologies into the companies' cars, at first as an optional accessory when buying a new car, and later as a standard option in new cars.[7]
In 2006, Mobileye set up an aftermarket department, which sells finished products manufactured by Mobileye at their Philippines factory, IMI. The aftermarket products are sold to an international network of distributors on all continents who sell the products to fleets of trucks and buses, to car dealerships, and to car accessory shops.[8]
In August 2015, Tesla Motors announced that it is using Mobileye's technology to enable its self-drive solution, which would be incorporated into Model S cars from August 2015.[9] After the first deadly crash of a self-driving Model S with active Autopilot became public in June 2016, Mobileye issued a statement that its technology won't be able to recognize a crossing trailer (which was the cause of the accident) until 2018.[10] In July 2016, Mobileye announced the end of its partnership with Tesla after the EyeQ3.[11][12] EyeQ is used in over 15 million vehicles sold as of 2017.[13]
In January 2017, Mobileye, BMW and Intel announced that they were developing a test fleet of autonomous vehicles that would be on the road in the second half of 2017.[14] The companies plan to develop autonomous vehicles for the consumer market by 2021.[15] In March 2017, Intel announced their recent deals to buy Mobileye for $15.3 billion.[16]
Company timeline[edit]

1999: Mobileye NV co-founded by Mr. Ziv Aviram and Prof. Amnon Shashua[17]
1999 (June): Introduction of the first generation Live Demonstration System
1999: Mobileye received a license from Yissum to be able to use the technology.
2000: Introduction of the second generation Live Demonstration System
2001 (February): Introduction of the third generation Live Demonstration System
2001 (May): Introduction of the fourth generation Live Demonstration System
2002: Introduction of the fifth generation Live Demonstration System for Multi-Vision Applications
2003: Mobileye and Denso sign cooperation agreement
2003: Mobileye and Delphi sign cooperation agreement
2004: Introduction of the first generation EyeQTM System-on-a-Chip (SoC)
2004: Mobileye and SVDO/Continental sign a development agreement
2005: Mobileye and ST Microelectrionics sign a chip manufacture and development partnership agreement[18]
2006: Introduction of the sixth generation Live Demonstration System for Pedestrian Detection
2006: Introduction of Mobileye's Aftermarket Department
2006 (July): Mobileye and Magna Electronics announce partnership to develop advanced automotive driver assistance features[19]
2007: U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs invests $100 million in Mobileye[20]
2007: Mobileye launches multiple series productions for LDW on GM Cadillac STS and DTS vehicles,[21] for LDW on BMW 5 and 6 Series vehicles[22] and for radar-vision fusion for enhanced Adaptive Cruise Control with Collision Mitigation by Braking on Volvo S80, XC90/70/60 and V70 vehicles[23]
2007: Introduction of the Mobileye Advanced Warning System providing a world's first Aftermarket system featuring functions of lane and vehicle Detection running on a single processor[24]
2008 (September): Mobileye and Continental launch a world's first combination of multiple functions of Lane Departure Warning, Intelligent Highbeam Control and Traffic Sign Recognition on the BMW 7 series[25]
2008: Introduction of the second generation EyeQ2TM System-on-a-Chip (SoC)[26]
2009: Mobileye and Visteon sign cooperation agreement [27]
2010: U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs, Leumi Partners and Menora Mivtachim Holdings Ltd. invest $37 million in Mobileye[28]
2010: Mobileye launches newest aftermarket product, the C2-270 Collision Prevention System, with vehicle, pedestrian, bicycle, and motorcycle detection capabilities.[29]
2010: Mobileye launches a world-first vision based Pedestrian Forward Collision Warning as part of a radar-vision 'automatic emergency braking system' with Delphi and Volvo on the S60 saloon and V60 estate
2010: Mobileye launches Lane Keeping and Support (LKAS) on two HKMC vehicles (Hyundai i40 and Kia Optima) for US and European introduction.
2011: Mobileye launches the world's first vision only based forward collision warning system (bundled with multiple other functions of LDW IHC and TSR) on the 2011 BMW 1 series
2011: Mobileye launches the world's first vision only based U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) compliant Forward Collision Warning system and lane departure warning system combination on multiple GM vehicles – Chevrolet Equinox and GMC Terrain.
2011: Mobileye launches multi functional bundles including vision based FCW on the Opel Zafira and Opel Insignia.
2014: Mobileye launched its IPO on the NYSE which was the biggest Israeli IPO ever in the US raising approx. $1B at a market cap of $5.3B[30]
2017: Acquired by Intel for $15B [31]

Technologies[edit]
The firm's technology is based on the use of optical vision systems with motion detection algorithms, unlike many other systems which use a combination of visual detection, radar, and laser scanning. The firm's vehicle detection algorithms recognize motorised vehicles such as cars, motorcycles and trucks, in day and night time conditions.[citation needed] The firm's version performs its vehicle detection based functions using a single camera mounted in the rear view mirror, unlike the usual approach of using radars, laser scanners or in some cases stereo-cameras.[32]
In 2011 the firm introduced the world's first OEM production of vision-only forward collision warning system (NHTSA compliant) on multiple BMW, GM and Opel vehicles.[citation needed]
Lane departure warning systems are in-vehicle electronic systems that monitor the position of a vehicle within a roadway lane and warn a driver if the vehicle deviates or is about to deviate outside the lane. Mobileye's version was launched in multiple production platforms through 2007 and 2008 with GM, BMW and Volvo.[citation needed]
The firm's pedestrian detection technology is based on the use of mono cameras only, using pattern recognition and classifiers with image processing and optic flow analysis. Both static and moving pedestrians can be detected to a range of around 30m using VGA resolution imagers.[citation needed] The firm announced in 2008 that by mid-2010 they would launch a world's first application of full emergency braking for collision mitigation for pedestrians. Mobileye announced in May 2009 as part of the next generation Volvo radar-vision fusion system which also provides lane departure warning and vehicle detection with radar-vision fusion for an enhanced collision mitigation by braking system on the next Volvo S60 vehicle.[33][unreliable source?]
Since 2008, BMW 7-Series cars are equipped with the Mobileye traffic sign recognition systems, developed in cooperation with automotive supplier Continental AG.[34]
Adaptive highbeam systems automatically raises and lowering the high beams without inconveniencing oncoming or preceding traffic. The firm's version, Intelligent Headlight Control, is in production on the BMW 7 series.[35]
In 2011, the firm introduced multi-functional bundles including vision based FCW on the Opel Zafira and Opel Insignia.
In 2016, Mobileye announced a deal to work with Renault Nissan on digital maps that will help the automaker’s move towards driverless cars.[36]
Aftermarket[edit]
Since 2007 the firm has offered a range of aftermarket vision based ADAS systems, based on the same core technology as for production models. They currently offer lane departure warning, forward collision warning, headway monitoring and warning, low speed urban collision warning, intelligent headlamp control, speed limit indication (tsr) and pedestrian collision warning (including bicycles). These systems have also been integrated with fleet management systems.[37]
Investments[edit]
Between 2007 and 2011 the company raised $160 million. In 2013 the company sold 25% of its private shares for $400 million to a group of blue-chip investors.[38][39][40] One of Mobileye's biggest investors was Colmobil CEO Shmuel Harlap, who held a 7.2% stake. [41] Following the acquisition, he'll become Israel's newest billionaire, joining co-founders Amnon Shashua and Ziv Aviram in the billionaire's club.[42]
Awards[edit]

International Fleet Industry Award, Fleet Europe, November 2013 [43]
International Fleet Industry Award, Fleet Europe, October 2011.[44]
Fleet Safety Forum Award for Excellence in the UK, for the Fleet Safety Product category, for the Mobileye C2-170 safety system.[45] Brake – Road Safety Charity -, July 2009.
Best Electronic Design 2008 for Best Automotive Design, for the EyeQ2 Vision Processor.[46] Electronic Design, December 2008.
Entrepreneurial Company of the Year Award in the Automotive Industry. Frost & Sullivan, December 2006.[47]
Selected for the Top 100 Innovators Award. Red Herring Magazine, December 2005.[48]

Competition[edit]
Mobileye faces competition from Tier 1 automotive suppliers as well as from other technology companies, including potentially Google.[49] There is also an increasing competition on the after-market space from radar-based systems manufacturers, such as Safe Drive Systems and others.[50] Other competitors developing ADAS technology include Cognitive Technologies, Continental AG,[51][52] Bosch,[53][54] NVIDIA,[55] OmniVision Technologies,[56] Freescale,[57] Texas Instruments,[58][59] Toshiba,[60][61] Renesas Electronics Corp., Denso,[62] Green Hills Software,[63] Intel[64][65] (not a competition after the acquisition of Mobileye by Intel), Qualcomm,[66][67] and TomTom.[68]
See also[edit]

Science and technology in Israel
Economy of Israel
Start-up Nation

Notes[edit]



^ The Jerusalem Law states that "Jerusalem, complete and united, is the capital of Israel" and the city serves as the seat of the government, home to the President's residence, government offices, supreme court, and parliament. United Nations Security Council Resolution 478 (20 August 1980; 14–0, U.S. abstaining) declared the Jerusalem Law "null and void" and called on member states to withdraw their diplomatic missions from Jerusalem. The United Nations and all member nations refuse to accept the Jerusalem Law (see Kellerman 1993, p. 140) and maintain their embassies in other cities such as Tel Aviv, Ramat Gan, and Herzliya (see the CIA Factbook and Map of Israel). The U.S. Congress subsequently adopted the Jerusalem Embassy Act, which said that the U.S. embassy should be relocated to Jerusalem and that it should be recognized as the capital of Israel. However, the US Justice Department Office of Legal Counsel concluded that the provisions of the act "invade exclusive presidential authorities in the field of foreign affairs and are unconstitutional". Since passage of the act, all presidents serving in office have determined that moving forward with the relocation would be detrimental to U.S. national security concerns and opted to issue waivers suspending any action on this front. The Palestinian Authority sees East Jerusalem as the capital of a future Palestinian state. The city's final status awaits future negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority (see "Negotiating Jerusalem," Palestine–Israel Journal). See Positions on Jerusalem for more information.



References[edit]


^ United Nations News Centre (28 October 2009). "Jerusalem must be capital of both Israel and Palestine, Ban says". UN News Centre. Retrieved 30 July 2015. 
^ "Basic Law: Jerusalem, Capital of Israel". Knesset. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ "MOBILEYE VISION TECHNOLOGIES LTD | Israel Company Reports – Search Israeli Companies". www.israelbizreg.com. Retrieved 2016-10-06. 
^ "Intel buys driverless car technology firm Mobileye". BBC. 13 March 2017. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ מובילאיי (2017-03-13). "אינטל מאשרת את חשיפת TheMarker: תרכוש את מובילאיי ב-15.3 מיליארד דולר – שוק ההון". TheMarker. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [1]
^ Sarah, Viva (2014-03-23). "What drives Israel’s serial entrepreneurs?". ISRAEL21c. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ NYC taxis to be a little safer, thanks to Mobileye: Israeli road safety alert system is being installed in New York cabs to help their operators drive more safely, David Shamah , Times of Israel 15 June 2015
^ Mobileye’s Tech Powers Tesla Model NoCamels News 23 August 2015
^ Tesla and Mobileye disagree on lack of emergency braking in deadly Autopilot crash, on The Verge, July 1, 2016
^ Bhuiyan, Johana (26 July 2016). "In the wake of a fatal crash, Tesla will quit using Mobileye's chips for Autopilot vision". ReCode. Retrieved 26 July 2016. 
^ Korosec, Kristen (26 July 2016). "Mobileye Is Ending Its Relationship With Tesla on Future Self-Driving Car Tech". Fortune. Retrieved 26 July 2016. 
^ "Mobileye and Intel join forces". The Economist. Retrieved 2017-04-01. 
^ "BMW Group, Intel and Mobileye will have autonomous test vehicles on the roads by the second half of 2017" (PDF). 4 January 2017. 
^ Ohnsman, Alan. "Mobileye Wants To Teach Your Robotic Car To Merge In Heavy Boston Traffic". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ Sharma, Rakesh (2017-03-13). "Intel Buys Mobileye for $15.3B". Investopedia. Retrieved 2017-03-13. 
^ "Mobileye's LinkedIn Profile". Linkedin.com. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ View ST Microelectronics Press Release Archived September 22, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ [2][dead link]
^ Gabay, Eran (2008-04-02). "Goldman Sachs investing $100m in startup Mobileye". Haaretz.com. Archived from the original on 2008-09-17. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "View PRNewswire Press Release". Newswiretoday.com. 2008-01-15. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ [3][dead link]
^ [4][dead link]
^ "View News Wire Today". Newswiretoday.com. 2008-03-24. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "View High Beam News Article". Highbeam.com. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ View STMicroelectronics Press Release Archived October 23, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ [5][dead link]
^ [6][dead link]
^ [7]
^ Coppola, Gabrielle (2014-07-31). "Mobileye Raises $890 Million as Largest Israeli IPO in the U.S". Bloomberg. 
^ "Intel acquisition of Mobileye". Intelandmobileye.transactionannouncement.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Mobileye 560 Review | Goshers Blind Spot Detection System". Consumer Reports. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ Administrator, Cars (2009-10-14). "Cars.co.za: Volvo Cars tests new, unique safety technology in Copenhagen – in a disguised S60 prototype". Carszainfo.blogspot.com. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ [8]
^ "BMW 7 Series and its amazing Headlights System - AutoSpies Auto News". Autospies.com. 2008-12-10. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ Reed, John; Ahmed, Murad (2016-02-24). "Mobileye takes fight to Google in autonomous cars". Financial Times. ISSN 0307-1766. Retrieved 2016-02-24. 
^ "InstallerNet to handle installation of Mobileye systems". Fleet Owner. Fleet Owner. Apr 14, 2010. Retrieved 2015-01-26. 
^ Rochvarger, Michael; Schmil, Daniel (17 May 2014). "Crash-avoidance Car Firm Mobileye Reportedly Eyes Monster $1b IPO" – via Haaretz. 
^ Rochvarger, Michael; Schmil, Daniel (8 July 2013). "Israeli Startup Mobileye Selling 25% Stake for $400m to Group of Blue-chip Investors". Haaretz. 
^ Lloyd, William. "The Wall Street Journal & Breaking News, Business, Financial and Economic News, World News and Video". Wsj.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "The Mobileye billionaires – Globes English". globes.co.il. Retrieved 18 March 2017. 
^ "Intel's $15.3 Billion Bid For Mobileye Pushes Israeli Investor Into The Billionaire Ranks". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "News". Fleet Europe. 2016-12-14. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [9]
^ Fleet Safety Forum Award Winners Archived December 20, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "2008 Winner's List". Electronicdesign.com. 2008-12-04. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "Frost & Sullivan Press Release". Frost.com. 2006-12-14. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "View Press Release". Allbusiness.com. 2004-12-09. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ [10]
^ "Safe Drive Systems Launches Anti-Collision Technology in U.S. | March 06, 2014". FenderBender. 2014-03-06. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Continental Automotive -Advanced Driver Assistance Systems". Conti-online.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Continental Automotive -Advanced Driver Assistance Systems". Conti-online.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [11]
^ [12]
^ "Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) | NVIDIA DRIVE". NVIDIA. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Overview | Automotive Imaging | OmniVision". Ovt.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "NXP Semiconductors | Automotive, Security, IoT". Freescale.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Solutions | Overview". TI.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS) | Renesas Electronics America". Am.renesas.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Toshiba to supply chips for driver-assist systems- Nikkei Asian Review". Asia.nikkei.com. 2014-09-13. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Products | TOSHIBA Storage & Electronic Devices Solutions Company | Americas". Toshiba.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [13]
^ "Green Hills Platform for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS)". Ghs.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ King, Ian (2014-07-01). "Intel Chases Sales on Silicon Road to Driverless Cars". Bloomberg. 
^ [14]
^ "Qualcomm reveals automotive strategy at CES". Eetindia.co.in. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Connected Wi-Fi, Telematics & Infotainment for Cars". Qualcomm. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "TomTom and Bosch SoftTec team up to deliver advanced driver assistance systems (AMS:TOMTOM)". Corporate.tomtom.com. 2014-09-29. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


Intel



Subsidiaries



3Dlabs
Altera
Comneon
Intel Security
Mobileye
Recon Instruments
Virtutech
Wind River Systems
4Group Holdings (50% owned by Technicolor SA)





Products



Intel AZ210
3D XPoint
Accounts & SSO
Amplify Tablet
Advanced Programmable Interrupt Controller
Cache Acceleration Software
Client Initiated Remote Access
Direct Media Interface
Flexible Display Interface
Hella Zippy
Intel 1103
Intel Display Power Saving Technology
Intel Modular Server System
Intel Reader
Intel SPSH4
Intel System Development Kit
Intel Upgrade Service
Intel740
InTru3D
IXP1200
OFono
Omni-Path
Performance acceleration technology
Shooting Star
Smart Cache
Stable Image Platform
Virtual 8086 mode
WiDi
X25-M
X86
Intel Clear Video
Intel Quick Sync Video





Litigation



Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. v. Intel Corp.
High-Tech Employee Antitrust Litigation
Intel Corp. v. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Intel Corp. v. Hamidi
Intel Corporation Inc. v CPM United Kingdom Ltd
Silvaco Data Systems v. Intel Corp.





People



Gordon Moore
Robert Noyce





Related



Intel Foundation Achievement Award
Apple's transition to Intel processors
Intel Architecture Labs
ASCI Red
BiiN
Classmate PC
Convera Corporation
Copy Exactly!
Cornell Cup USA
Intel Developer Forum
Dynamic video memory technology
Intel Extreme Masters
List of Intel microprocessors
List of Intel graphics processing units (2013 or earlier)
I/O Acceleration Technology
IA-32 Execution Layer
IM Flash Technologies
The Innovators
Inside
Inside Films
Intel ADX
Intel Capital
Intel Cluster Ready
Intel Compute Stick
Intel Ireland
Intel Mobile Communications
Intel Outstanding Researcher Award
Intel SHA extensions
Intel Teach
List of semiconductor fabrication plants
List of Intel manufacturing sites
Intel Museum
OnCue
Intel PRO/Wireless
Intel International Science and Engineering Fair
Regeneron Science Talent Search
Simple Firmware Interface
Single-chip Cloud Computer
Software Guard Extensions
Supervisor Mode Access Prevention
Tarari
Intel Technology Journal
Intel Tera-Scale
Timeline of Intel
Xircom












v
t
e


 Automotive industry in Israel






Automotive industry
Economy of Israel
Transportation in Israel





Current manufacturers



AIL
Carmor
Ha'argaz
MDT
Merkavim
Plasan Sasa
Rafael
Soltam Systems
Tomcar





Defunct manufacturers



Autocars Co.
Better Place
Kaiser-Ilin Industries





Components



Alliance Tire
Ashot Ashkelon
ERM Telematics
Mobileye
Raval ACS
Tadir-Gan





Related topics



AutoMotor(Auto Show)
Israeli Highways
National Roads Company of Israel










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mobileye&oldid=788018201"					
Categories: Automotive safety technologiesAutomotive electronicsAutomotive technology tradenamesIsraeli brandsCommercial computer vision systemsArtificial intelligence applicationsCompanies of IsraelCompanies established in 1999Autonomous carsIntelligent transportation systemsVehicle technologyWarning systemsCompanies based in JerusalemCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeIntel acquisitionsMergers and acquisitions of Israeli companiesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2017Articles with dead external links from November 2011Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2015Articles with unsourced statements from January 2013All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from January 2014 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisעברית日本語Русский 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 June 2017, at 00:30.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mobileye - Wikipedia






















 






Mobileye

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Mobileye N.V.





U.S. Ambassador visiting Mobileye in Har Hotzvim Technology park




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: MBLY


Industry
Automotive


Founded
1999; 18 years ago (1999)
Jerusalem


Founder
Ziv Aviram
Amnon Shashua


Headquarters
Jerusalem[note 1][1][2]



Key people

Ziv Aviram,
(President)
Amnon Shashua
(Chairman and CTO)


Revenue
USD 358.16 million (2016)



Operating income

USD 120.94 million (2016)



Net income

USD 108.37 million (2016)


Total assets
USD 780.38 million (2016)


Total equity
USD 698.41 million (2016)



Number of employees

663 (2016)


Parent
Intel


Website
mobileye.com


Mobileye is an Israeli technology company that develops vision-based advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS) providing warnings for collision prevention and mitigation. Mobileye N.V. headquarters and main R&D centre is located in Jerusalem operating under the company name Mobileye Vision Technology Ltd.[3] The company has also sales and marketing offices in Jericho, New York; Shanghai, China; Tokyo, Japan and Düsseldorf, Germany.
In March 2017, Intel announced that they had agreed to a US$15.3 billion takeover of Mobileye.[4] The deal is expected to be the largest exit in Israel's high-tech industry to date. [5]




A MobileEye EyeQ2 chip used in a Hyundai Lane Guidance camera module.





Contents


1 History
2 Company timeline
3 Technologies

3.1 Aftermarket


4 Investments
5 Awards
6 Competition
7 See also
8 Notes
9 References
10 External links



History[edit]
Mobileye N.V. was founded in 1999 by Amnon Shashua (a researcher of the Hebrew University), when he evolved his academic research into a technical solution for a vision system which could detect vehicles using only a camera and software algorithms on a processor.[6] After receiving a license to use the technology which was owned by Yissum it was possible to incorporate the company. Together with Ziv Aviram, he set up the company's R&D headquarters in Jerusalem, Israel.
At first, the company developed algorithms, and a processor chip called the EyeQ chip. All of Mobileye’s proprietary image processing algorithms run on the EyeQ chip. After years of testing, the chip and software algorithms began to be sold as commercial products to original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers. The company’s first clients were automotive manufacturers such as BMW, General Motors and Volvo. These companies electronics suppliers integrated Mobileye’s technologies into the companies' cars, at first as an optional accessory when buying a new car, and later as a standard option in new cars.[7]
In 2006, Mobileye set up an aftermarket department, which sells finished products manufactured by Mobileye at their Philippines factory, IMI. The aftermarket products are sold to an international network of distributors on all continents who sell the products to fleets of trucks and buses, to car dealerships, and to car accessory shops.[8]
In August 2015, Tesla Motors announced that it is using Mobileye's technology to enable its self-drive solution, which would be incorporated into Model S cars from August 2015.[9] After the first deadly crash of a self-driving Model S with active Autopilot became public in June 2016, Mobileye issued a statement that its technology won't be able to recognize a crossing trailer (which was the cause of the accident) until 2018.[10] In July 2016, Mobileye announced the end of its partnership with Tesla after the EyeQ3.[11][12] EyeQ is used in over 15 million vehicles sold as of 2017.[13]
In January 2017, Mobileye, BMW and Intel announced that they were developing a test fleet of autonomous vehicles that would be on the road in the second half of 2017.[14] The companies plan to develop autonomous vehicles for the consumer market by 2021.[15] In March 2017, Intel announced their recent deals to buy Mobileye for $15.3 billion.[16]
Company timeline[edit]

1999: Mobileye NV co-founded by Mr. Ziv Aviram and Prof. Amnon Shashua[17]
1999 (June): Introduction of the first generation Live Demonstration System
1999: Mobileye received a license from Yissum to be able to use the technology.
2000: Introduction of the second generation Live Demonstration System
2001 (February): Introduction of the third generation Live Demonstration System
2001 (May): Introduction of the fourth generation Live Demonstration System
2002: Introduction of the fifth generation Live Demonstration System for Multi-Vision Applications
2003: Mobileye and Denso sign cooperation agreement
2003: Mobileye and Delphi sign cooperation agreement
2004: Introduction of the first generation EyeQTM System-on-a-Chip (SoC)
2004: Mobileye and SVDO/Continental sign a development agreement
2005: Mobileye and ST Microelectrionics sign a chip manufacture and development partnership agreement[18]
2006: Introduction of the sixth generation Live Demonstration System for Pedestrian Detection
2006: Introduction of Mobileye's Aftermarket Department
2006 (July): Mobileye and Magna Electronics announce partnership to develop advanced automotive driver assistance features[19]
2007: U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs invests $100 million in Mobileye[20]
2007: Mobileye launches multiple series productions for LDW on GM Cadillac STS and DTS vehicles,[21] for LDW on BMW 5 and 6 Series vehicles[22] and for radar-vision fusion for enhanced Adaptive Cruise Control with Collision Mitigation by Braking on Volvo S80, XC90/70/60 and V70 vehicles[23]
2007: Introduction of the Mobileye Advanced Warning System providing a world's first Aftermarket system featuring functions of lane and vehicle Detection running on a single processor[24]
2008 (September): Mobileye and Continental launch a world's first combination of multiple functions of Lane Departure Warning, Intelligent Highbeam Control and Traffic Sign Recognition on the BMW 7 series[25]
2008: Introduction of the second generation EyeQ2TM System-on-a-Chip (SoC)[26]
2009: Mobileye and Visteon sign cooperation agreement [27]
2010: U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs, Leumi Partners and Menora Mivtachim Holdings Ltd. invest $37 million in Mobileye[28]
2010: Mobileye launches newest aftermarket product, the C2-270 Collision Prevention System, with vehicle, pedestrian, bicycle, and motorcycle detection capabilities.[29]
2010: Mobileye launches a world-first vision based Pedestrian Forward Collision Warning as part of a radar-vision 'automatic emergency braking system' with Delphi and Volvo on the S60 saloon and V60 estate
2010: Mobileye launches Lane Keeping and Support (LKAS) on two HKMC vehicles (Hyundai i40 and Kia Optima) for US and European introduction.
2011: Mobileye launches the world's first vision only based forward collision warning system (bundled with multiple other functions of LDW IHC and TSR) on the 2011 BMW 1 series
2011: Mobileye launches the world's first vision only based U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) compliant Forward Collision Warning system and lane departure warning system combination on multiple GM vehicles – Chevrolet Equinox and GMC Terrain.
2011: Mobileye launches multi functional bundles including vision based FCW on the Opel Zafira and Opel Insignia.
2014: Mobileye launched its IPO on the NYSE which was the biggest Israeli IPO ever in the US raising approx. $1B at a market cap of $5.3B[30]
2017: Acquired by Intel for $15B [31]

Technologies[edit]
The firm's technology is based on the use of optical vision systems with motion detection algorithms, unlike many other systems which use a combination of visual detection, radar, and laser scanning. The firm's vehicle detection algorithms recognize motorised vehicles such as cars, motorcycles and trucks, in day and night time conditions.[citation needed] The firm's version performs its vehicle detection based functions using a single camera mounted in the rear view mirror, unlike the usual approach of using radars, laser scanners or in some cases stereo-cameras.[32]
In 2011 the firm introduced the world's first OEM production of vision-only forward collision warning system (NHTSA compliant) on multiple BMW, GM and Opel vehicles.[citation needed]
Lane departure warning systems are in-vehicle electronic systems that monitor the position of a vehicle within a roadway lane and warn a driver if the vehicle deviates or is about to deviate outside the lane. Mobileye's version was launched in multiple production platforms through 2007 and 2008 with GM, BMW and Volvo.[citation needed]
The firm's pedestrian detection technology is based on the use of mono cameras only, using pattern recognition and classifiers with image processing and optic flow analysis. Both static and moving pedestrians can be detected to a range of around 30m using VGA resolution imagers.[citation needed] The firm announced in 2008 that by mid-2010 they would launch a world's first application of full emergency braking for collision mitigation for pedestrians. Mobileye announced in May 2009 as part of the next generation Volvo radar-vision fusion system which also provides lane departure warning and vehicle detection with radar-vision fusion for an enhanced collision mitigation by braking system on the next Volvo S60 vehicle.[33][unreliable source?]
Since 2008, BMW 7-Series cars are equipped with the Mobileye traffic sign recognition systems, developed in cooperation with automotive supplier Continental AG.[34]
Adaptive highbeam systems automatically raises and lowering the high beams without inconveniencing oncoming or preceding traffic. The firm's version, Intelligent Headlight Control, is in production on the BMW 7 series.[35]
In 2011, the firm introduced multi-functional bundles including vision based FCW on the Opel Zafira and Opel Insignia.
In 2016, Mobileye announced a deal to work with Renault Nissan on digital maps that will help the automaker’s move towards driverless cars.[36]
Aftermarket[edit]
Since 2007 the firm has offered a range of aftermarket vision based ADAS systems, based on the same core technology as for production models. They currently offer lane departure warning, forward collision warning, headway monitoring and warning, low speed urban collision warning, intelligent headlamp control, speed limit indication (tsr) and pedestrian collision warning (including bicycles). These systems have also been integrated with fleet management systems.[37]
Investments[edit]
Between 2007 and 2011 the company raised $160 million. In 2013 the company sold 25% of its private shares for $400 million to a group of blue-chip investors.[38][39][40] One of Mobileye's biggest investors was Colmobil CEO Shmuel Harlap, who held a 7.2% stake. [41] Following the acquisition, he'll become Israel's newest billionaire, joining co-founders Amnon Shashua and Ziv Aviram in the billionaire's club.[42]
Awards[edit]

International Fleet Industry Award, Fleet Europe, November 2013 [43]
International Fleet Industry Award, Fleet Europe, October 2011.[44]
Fleet Safety Forum Award for Excellence in the UK, for the Fleet Safety Product category, for the Mobileye C2-170 safety system.[45] Brake – Road Safety Charity -, July 2009.
Best Electronic Design 2008 for Best Automotive Design, for the EyeQ2 Vision Processor.[46] Electronic Design, December 2008.
Entrepreneurial Company of the Year Award in the Automotive Industry. Frost & Sullivan, December 2006.[47]
Selected for the Top 100 Innovators Award. Red Herring Magazine, December 2005.[48]

Competition[edit]
Mobileye faces competition from Tier 1 automotive suppliers as well as from other technology companies, including potentially Google.[49] There is also an increasing competition on the after-market space from radar-based systems manufacturers, such as Safe Drive Systems and others.[50] Other competitors developing ADAS technology include Cognitive Technologies, Continental AG,[51][52] Bosch,[53][54] NVIDIA,[55] OmniVision Technologies,[56] Freescale,[57] Texas Instruments,[58][59] Toshiba,[60][61] Renesas Electronics Corp., Denso,[62] Green Hills Software,[63] Intel[64][65] (not a competition after the acquisition of Mobileye by Intel), Qualcomm,[66][67] and TomTom.[68]
See also[edit]

Science and technology in Israel
Economy of Israel
Start-up Nation

Notes[edit]



^ The Jerusalem Law states that "Jerusalem, complete and united, is the capital of Israel" and the city serves as the seat of the government, home to the President's residence, government offices, supreme court, and parliament. United Nations Security Council Resolution 478 (20 August 1980; 14–0, U.S. abstaining) declared the Jerusalem Law "null and void" and called on member states to withdraw their diplomatic missions from Jerusalem. The United Nations and all member nations refuse to accept the Jerusalem Law (see Kellerman 1993, p. 140) and maintain their embassies in other cities such as Tel Aviv, Ramat Gan, and Herzliya (see the CIA Factbook and Map of Israel). The U.S. Congress subsequently adopted the Jerusalem Embassy Act, which said that the U.S. embassy should be relocated to Jerusalem and that it should be recognized as the capital of Israel. However, the US Justice Department Office of Legal Counsel concluded that the provisions of the act "invade exclusive presidential authorities in the field of foreign affairs and are unconstitutional". Since passage of the act, all presidents serving in office have determined that moving forward with the relocation would be detrimental to U.S. national security concerns and opted to issue waivers suspending any action on this front. The Palestinian Authority sees East Jerusalem as the capital of a future Palestinian state. The city's final status awaits future negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority (see "Negotiating Jerusalem," Palestine–Israel Journal). See Positions on Jerusalem for more information.



References[edit]


^ United Nations News Centre (28 October 2009). "Jerusalem must be capital of both Israel and Palestine, Ban says". UN News Centre. Retrieved 30 July 2015. 
^ "Basic Law: Jerusalem, Capital of Israel". Knesset. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ "MOBILEYE VISION TECHNOLOGIES LTD | Israel Company Reports – Search Israeli Companies". www.israelbizreg.com. Retrieved 2016-10-06. 
^ "Intel buys driverless car technology firm Mobileye". BBC. 13 March 2017. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ מובילאיי (2017-03-13). "אינטל מאשרת את חשיפת TheMarker: תרכוש את מובילאיי ב-15.3 מיליארד דולר – שוק ההון". TheMarker. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [1]
^ Sarah, Viva (2014-03-23). "What drives Israel’s serial entrepreneurs?". ISRAEL21c. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ NYC taxis to be a little safer, thanks to Mobileye: Israeli road safety alert system is being installed in New York cabs to help their operators drive more safely, David Shamah , Times of Israel 15 June 2015
^ Mobileye’s Tech Powers Tesla Model NoCamels News 23 August 2015
^ Tesla and Mobileye disagree on lack of emergency braking in deadly Autopilot crash, on The Verge, July 1, 2016
^ Bhuiyan, Johana (26 July 2016). "In the wake of a fatal crash, Tesla will quit using Mobileye's chips for Autopilot vision". ReCode. Retrieved 26 July 2016. 
^ Korosec, Kristen (26 July 2016). "Mobileye Is Ending Its Relationship With Tesla on Future Self-Driving Car Tech". Fortune. Retrieved 26 July 2016. 
^ "Mobileye and Intel join forces". The Economist. Retrieved 2017-04-01. 
^ "BMW Group, Intel and Mobileye will have autonomous test vehicles on the roads by the second half of 2017" (PDF). 4 January 2017. 
^ Ohnsman, Alan. "Mobileye Wants To Teach Your Robotic Car To Merge In Heavy Boston Traffic". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ Sharma, Rakesh (2017-03-13). "Intel Buys Mobileye for $15.3B". Investopedia. Retrieved 2017-03-13. 
^ "Mobileye's LinkedIn Profile". Linkedin.com. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ View ST Microelectronics Press Release Archived September 22, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ [2][dead link]
^ Gabay, Eran (2008-04-02). "Goldman Sachs investing $100m in startup Mobileye". Haaretz.com. Archived from the original on 2008-09-17. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "View PRNewswire Press Release". Newswiretoday.com. 2008-01-15. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ [3][dead link]
^ [4][dead link]
^ "View News Wire Today". Newswiretoday.com. 2008-03-24. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "View High Beam News Article". Highbeam.com. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ View STMicroelectronics Press Release Archived October 23, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ [5][dead link]
^ [6][dead link]
^ [7]
^ Coppola, Gabrielle (2014-07-31). "Mobileye Raises $890 Million as Largest Israeli IPO in the U.S". Bloomberg. 
^ "Intel acquisition of Mobileye". Intelandmobileye.transactionannouncement.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Mobileye 560 Review | Goshers Blind Spot Detection System". Consumer Reports. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ Administrator, Cars (2009-10-14). "Cars.co.za: Volvo Cars tests new, unique safety technology in Copenhagen – in a disguised S60 prototype". Carszainfo.blogspot.com. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ [8]
^ "BMW 7 Series and its amazing Headlights System - AutoSpies Auto News". Autospies.com. 2008-12-10. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ Reed, John; Ahmed, Murad (2016-02-24). "Mobileye takes fight to Google in autonomous cars". Financial Times. ISSN 0307-1766. Retrieved 2016-02-24. 
^ "InstallerNet to handle installation of Mobileye systems". Fleet Owner. Fleet Owner. Apr 14, 2010. Retrieved 2015-01-26. 
^ Rochvarger, Michael; Schmil, Daniel (17 May 2014). "Crash-avoidance Car Firm Mobileye Reportedly Eyes Monster $1b IPO" – via Haaretz. 
^ Rochvarger, Michael; Schmil, Daniel (8 July 2013). "Israeli Startup Mobileye Selling 25% Stake for $400m to Group of Blue-chip Investors". Haaretz. 
^ Lloyd, William. "The Wall Street Journal & Breaking News, Business, Financial and Economic News, World News and Video". Wsj.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "The Mobileye billionaires – Globes English". globes.co.il. Retrieved 18 March 2017. 
^ "Intel's $15.3 Billion Bid For Mobileye Pushes Israeli Investor Into The Billionaire Ranks". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "News". Fleet Europe. 2016-12-14. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [9]
^ Fleet Safety Forum Award Winners Archived December 20, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "2008 Winner's List". Electronicdesign.com. 2008-12-04. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "Frost & Sullivan Press Release". Frost.com. 2006-12-14. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "View Press Release". Allbusiness.com. 2004-12-09. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ [10]
^ "Safe Drive Systems Launches Anti-Collision Technology in U.S. | March 06, 2014". FenderBender. 2014-03-06. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Continental Automotive -Advanced Driver Assistance Systems". Conti-online.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Continental Automotive -Advanced Driver Assistance Systems". Conti-online.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [11]
^ [12]
^ "Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) | NVIDIA DRIVE". NVIDIA. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Overview | Automotive Imaging | OmniVision". Ovt.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "NXP Semiconductors | Automotive, Security, IoT". Freescale.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Solutions | Overview". TI.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS) | Renesas Electronics America". Am.renesas.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Toshiba to supply chips for driver-assist systems- Nikkei Asian Review". Asia.nikkei.com. 2014-09-13. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Products | TOSHIBA Storage & Electronic Devices Solutions Company | Americas". Toshiba.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [13]
^ "Green Hills Platform for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS)". Ghs.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ King, Ian (2014-07-01). "Intel Chases Sales on Silicon Road to Driverless Cars". Bloomberg. 
^ [14]
^ "Qualcomm reveals automotive strategy at CES". Eetindia.co.in. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Connected Wi-Fi, Telematics & Infotainment for Cars". Qualcomm. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "TomTom and Bosch SoftTec team up to deliver advanced driver assistance systems (AMS:TOMTOM)". Corporate.tomtom.com. 2014-09-29. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


Intel



Subsidiaries



3Dlabs
Altera
Comneon
Intel Security
Mobileye
Recon Instruments
Virtutech
Wind River Systems
4Group Holdings (50% owned by Technicolor SA)





Products



Intel AZ210
3D XPoint
Accounts & SSO
Amplify Tablet
Advanced Programmable Interrupt Controller
Cache Acceleration Software
Client Initiated Remote Access
Direct Media Interface
Flexible Display Interface
Hella Zippy
Intel 1103
Intel Display Power Saving Technology
Intel Modular Server System
Intel Reader
Intel SPSH4
Intel System Development Kit
Intel Upgrade Service
Intel740
InTru3D
IXP1200
OFono
Omni-Path
Performance acceleration technology
Shooting Star
Smart Cache
Stable Image Platform
Virtual 8086 mode
WiDi
X25-M
X86
Intel Clear Video
Intel Quick Sync Video





Litigation



Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. v. Intel Corp.
High-Tech Employee Antitrust Litigation
Intel Corp. v. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Intel Corp. v. Hamidi
Intel Corporation Inc. v CPM United Kingdom Ltd
Silvaco Data Systems v. Intel Corp.





People



Gordon Moore
Robert Noyce





Related



Intel Foundation Achievement Award
Apple's transition to Intel processors
Intel Architecture Labs
ASCI Red
BiiN
Classmate PC
Convera Corporation
Copy Exactly!
Cornell Cup USA
Intel Developer Forum
Dynamic video memory technology
Intel Extreme Masters
List of Intel microprocessors
List of Intel graphics processing units (2013 or earlier)
I/O Acceleration Technology
IA-32 Execution Layer
IM Flash Technologies
The Innovators
Inside
Inside Films
Intel ADX
Intel Capital
Intel Cluster Ready
Intel Compute Stick
Intel Ireland
Intel Mobile Communications
Intel Outstanding Researcher Award
Intel SHA extensions
Intel Teach
List of semiconductor fabrication plants
List of Intel manufacturing sites
Intel Museum
OnCue
Intel PRO/Wireless
Intel International Science and Engineering Fair
Regeneron Science Talent Search
Simple Firmware Interface
Single-chip Cloud Computer
Software Guard Extensions
Supervisor Mode Access Prevention
Tarari
Intel Technology Journal
Intel Tera-Scale
Timeline of Intel
Xircom












v
t
e


 Automotive industry in Israel






Automotive industry
Economy of Israel
Transportation in Israel





Current manufacturers



AIL
Carmor
Ha'argaz
MDT
Merkavim
Plasan Sasa
Rafael
Soltam Systems
Tomcar





Defunct manufacturers



Autocars Co.
Better Place
Kaiser-Ilin Industries





Components



Alliance Tire
Ashot Ashkelon
ERM Telematics
Mobileye
Raval ACS
Tadir-Gan





Related topics



AutoMotor(Auto Show)
Israeli Highways
National Roads Company of Israel










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mobileye&oldid=788018201"					
Categories: Automotive safety technologiesAutomotive electronicsAutomotive technology tradenamesIsraeli brandsCommercial computer vision systemsArtificial intelligence applicationsCompanies of IsraelCompanies established in 1999Autonomous carsIntelligent transportation systemsVehicle technologyWarning systemsCompanies based in JerusalemCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeIntel acquisitionsMergers and acquisitions of Israeli companiesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2017Articles with dead external links from November 2011Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2015Articles with unsourced statements from January 2013All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from January 2014 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisעברית日本語Русский 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 June 2017, at 00:30.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mobileye - Wikipedia






















 






Mobileye

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Mobileye N.V.





U.S. Ambassador visiting Mobileye in Har Hotzvim Technology park




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: MBLY


Industry
Automotive


Founded
1999; 18 years ago (1999)
Jerusalem


Founder
Ziv Aviram
Amnon Shashua


Headquarters
Jerusalem[note 1][1][2]



Key people

Ziv Aviram,
(President)
Amnon Shashua
(Chairman and CTO)


Revenue
USD 358.16 million (2016)



Operating income

USD 120.94 million (2016)



Net income

USD 108.37 million (2016)


Total assets
USD 780.38 million (2016)


Total equity
USD 698.41 million (2016)



Number of employees

663 (2016)


Parent
Intel


Website
mobileye.com


Mobileye is an Israeli technology company that develops vision-based advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS) providing warnings for collision prevention and mitigation. Mobileye N.V. headquarters and main R&D centre is located in Jerusalem operating under the company name Mobileye Vision Technology Ltd.[3] The company has also sales and marketing offices in Jericho, New York; Shanghai, China; Tokyo, Japan and Düsseldorf, Germany.
In March 2017, Intel announced that they had agreed to a US$15.3 billion takeover of Mobileye.[4] The deal is expected to be the largest exit in Israel's high-tech industry to date. [5]




A MobileEye EyeQ2 chip used in a Hyundai Lane Guidance camera module.





Contents


1 History
2 Company timeline
3 Technologies

3.1 Aftermarket


4 Investments
5 Awards
6 Competition
7 See also
8 Notes
9 References
10 External links



History[edit]
Mobileye N.V. was founded in 1999 by Amnon Shashua (a researcher of the Hebrew University), when he evolved his academic research into a technical solution for a vision system which could detect vehicles using only a camera and software algorithms on a processor.[6] After receiving a license to use the technology which was owned by Yissum it was possible to incorporate the company. Together with Ziv Aviram, he set up the company's R&D headquarters in Jerusalem, Israel.
At first, the company developed algorithms, and a processor chip called the EyeQ chip. All of Mobileye’s proprietary image processing algorithms run on the EyeQ chip. After years of testing, the chip and software algorithms began to be sold as commercial products to original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers. The company’s first clients were automotive manufacturers such as BMW, General Motors and Volvo. These companies electronics suppliers integrated Mobileye’s technologies into the companies' cars, at first as an optional accessory when buying a new car, and later as a standard option in new cars.[7]
In 2006, Mobileye set up an aftermarket department, which sells finished products manufactured by Mobileye at their Philippines factory, IMI. The aftermarket products are sold to an international network of distributors on all continents who sell the products to fleets of trucks and buses, to car dealerships, and to car accessory shops.[8]
In August 2015, Tesla Motors announced that it is using Mobileye's technology to enable its self-drive solution, which would be incorporated into Model S cars from August 2015.[9] After the first deadly crash of a self-driving Model S with active Autopilot became public in June 2016, Mobileye issued a statement that its technology won't be able to recognize a crossing trailer (which was the cause of the accident) until 2018.[10] In July 2016, Mobileye announced the end of its partnership with Tesla after the EyeQ3.[11][12] EyeQ is used in over 15 million vehicles sold as of 2017.[13]
In January 2017, Mobileye, BMW and Intel announced that they were developing a test fleet of autonomous vehicles that would be on the road in the second half of 2017.[14] The companies plan to develop autonomous vehicles for the consumer market by 2021.[15] In March 2017, Intel announced their recent deals to buy Mobileye for $15.3 billion.[16]
Company timeline[edit]

1999: Mobileye NV co-founded by Mr. Ziv Aviram and Prof. Amnon Shashua[17]
1999 (June): Introduction of the first generation Live Demonstration System
1999: Mobileye received a license from Yissum to be able to use the technology.
2000: Introduction of the second generation Live Demonstration System
2001 (February): Introduction of the third generation Live Demonstration System
2001 (May): Introduction of the fourth generation Live Demonstration System
2002: Introduction of the fifth generation Live Demonstration System for Multi-Vision Applications
2003: Mobileye and Denso sign cooperation agreement
2003: Mobileye and Delphi sign cooperation agreement
2004: Introduction of the first generation EyeQTM System-on-a-Chip (SoC)
2004: Mobileye and SVDO/Continental sign a development agreement
2005: Mobileye and ST Microelectrionics sign a chip manufacture and development partnership agreement[18]
2006: Introduction of the sixth generation Live Demonstration System for Pedestrian Detection
2006: Introduction of Mobileye's Aftermarket Department
2006 (July): Mobileye and Magna Electronics announce partnership to develop advanced automotive driver assistance features[19]
2007: U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs invests $100 million in Mobileye[20]
2007: Mobileye launches multiple series productions for LDW on GM Cadillac STS and DTS vehicles,[21] for LDW on BMW 5 and 6 Series vehicles[22] and for radar-vision fusion for enhanced Adaptive Cruise Control with Collision Mitigation by Braking on Volvo S80, XC90/70/60 and V70 vehicles[23]
2007: Introduction of the Mobileye Advanced Warning System providing a world's first Aftermarket system featuring functions of lane and vehicle Detection running on a single processor[24]
2008 (September): Mobileye and Continental launch a world's first combination of multiple functions of Lane Departure Warning, Intelligent Highbeam Control and Traffic Sign Recognition on the BMW 7 series[25]
2008: Introduction of the second generation EyeQ2TM System-on-a-Chip (SoC)[26]
2009: Mobileye and Visteon sign cooperation agreement [27]
2010: U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs, Leumi Partners and Menora Mivtachim Holdings Ltd. invest $37 million in Mobileye[28]
2010: Mobileye launches newest aftermarket product, the C2-270 Collision Prevention System, with vehicle, pedestrian, bicycle, and motorcycle detection capabilities.[29]
2010: Mobileye launches a world-first vision based Pedestrian Forward Collision Warning as part of a radar-vision 'automatic emergency braking system' with Delphi and Volvo on the S60 saloon and V60 estate
2010: Mobileye launches Lane Keeping and Support (LKAS) on two HKMC vehicles (Hyundai i40 and Kia Optima) for US and European introduction.
2011: Mobileye launches the world's first vision only based forward collision warning system (bundled with multiple other functions of LDW IHC and TSR) on the 2011 BMW 1 series
2011: Mobileye launches the world's first vision only based U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) compliant Forward Collision Warning system and lane departure warning system combination on multiple GM vehicles – Chevrolet Equinox and GMC Terrain.
2011: Mobileye launches multi functional bundles including vision based FCW on the Opel Zafira and Opel Insignia.
2014: Mobileye launched its IPO on the NYSE which was the biggest Israeli IPO ever in the US raising approx. $1B at a market cap of $5.3B[30]
2017: Acquired by Intel for $15B [31]

Technologies[edit]
The firm's technology is based on the use of optical vision systems with motion detection algorithms, unlike many other systems which use a combination of visual detection, radar, and laser scanning. The firm's vehicle detection algorithms recognize motorised vehicles such as cars, motorcycles and trucks, in day and night time conditions.[citation needed] The firm's version performs its vehicle detection based functions using a single camera mounted in the rear view mirror, unlike the usual approach of using radars, laser scanners or in some cases stereo-cameras.[32]
In 2011 the firm introduced the world's first OEM production of vision-only forward collision warning system (NHTSA compliant) on multiple BMW, GM and Opel vehicles.[citation needed]
Lane departure warning systems are in-vehicle electronic systems that monitor the position of a vehicle within a roadway lane and warn a driver if the vehicle deviates or is about to deviate outside the lane. Mobileye's version was launched in multiple production platforms through 2007 and 2008 with GM, BMW and Volvo.[citation needed]
The firm's pedestrian detection technology is based on the use of mono cameras only, using pattern recognition and classifiers with image processing and optic flow analysis. Both static and moving pedestrians can be detected to a range of around 30m using VGA resolution imagers.[citation needed] The firm announced in 2008 that by mid-2010 they would launch a world's first application of full emergency braking for collision mitigation for pedestrians. Mobileye announced in May 2009 as part of the next generation Volvo radar-vision fusion system which also provides lane departure warning and vehicle detection with radar-vision fusion for an enhanced collision mitigation by braking system on the next Volvo S60 vehicle.[33][unreliable source?]
Since 2008, BMW 7-Series cars are equipped with the Mobileye traffic sign recognition systems, developed in cooperation with automotive supplier Continental AG.[34]
Adaptive highbeam systems automatically raises and lowering the high beams without inconveniencing oncoming or preceding traffic. The firm's version, Intelligent Headlight Control, is in production on the BMW 7 series.[35]
In 2011, the firm introduced multi-functional bundles including vision based FCW on the Opel Zafira and Opel Insignia.
In 2016, Mobileye announced a deal to work with Renault Nissan on digital maps that will help the automaker’s move towards driverless cars.[36]
Aftermarket[edit]
Since 2007 the firm has offered a range of aftermarket vision based ADAS systems, based on the same core technology as for production models. They currently offer lane departure warning, forward collision warning, headway monitoring and warning, low speed urban collision warning, intelligent headlamp control, speed limit indication (tsr) and pedestrian collision warning (including bicycles). These systems have also been integrated with fleet management systems.[37]
Investments[edit]
Between 2007 and 2011 the company raised $160 million. In 2013 the company sold 25% of its private shares for $400 million to a group of blue-chip investors.[38][39][40] One of Mobileye's biggest investors was Colmobil CEO Shmuel Harlap, who held a 7.2% stake. [41] Following the acquisition, he'll become Israel's newest billionaire, joining co-founders Amnon Shashua and Ziv Aviram in the billionaire's club.[42]
Awards[edit]

International Fleet Industry Award, Fleet Europe, November 2013 [43]
International Fleet Industry Award, Fleet Europe, October 2011.[44]
Fleet Safety Forum Award for Excellence in the UK, for the Fleet Safety Product category, for the Mobileye C2-170 safety system.[45] Brake – Road Safety Charity -, July 2009.
Best Electronic Design 2008 for Best Automotive Design, for the EyeQ2 Vision Processor.[46] Electronic Design, December 2008.
Entrepreneurial Company of the Year Award in the Automotive Industry. Frost & Sullivan, December 2006.[47]
Selected for the Top 100 Innovators Award. Red Herring Magazine, December 2005.[48]

Competition[edit]
Mobileye faces competition from Tier 1 automotive suppliers as well as from other technology companies, including potentially Google.[49] There is also an increasing competition on the after-market space from radar-based systems manufacturers, such as Safe Drive Systems and others.[50] Other competitors developing ADAS technology include Cognitive Technologies, Continental AG,[51][52] Bosch,[53][54] NVIDIA,[55] OmniVision Technologies,[56] Freescale,[57] Texas Instruments,[58][59] Toshiba,[60][61] Renesas Electronics Corp., Denso,[62] Green Hills Software,[63] Intel[64][65] (not a competition after the acquisition of Mobileye by Intel), Qualcomm,[66][67] and TomTom.[68]
See also[edit]

Science and technology in Israel
Economy of Israel
Start-up Nation

Notes[edit]



^ The Jerusalem Law states that "Jerusalem, complete and united, is the capital of Israel" and the city serves as the seat of the government, home to the President's residence, government offices, supreme court, and parliament. United Nations Security Council Resolution 478 (20 August 1980; 14–0, U.S. abstaining) declared the Jerusalem Law "null and void" and called on member states to withdraw their diplomatic missions from Jerusalem. The United Nations and all member nations refuse to accept the Jerusalem Law (see Kellerman 1993, p. 140) and maintain their embassies in other cities such as Tel Aviv, Ramat Gan, and Herzliya (see the CIA Factbook and Map of Israel). The U.S. Congress subsequently adopted the Jerusalem Embassy Act, which said that the U.S. embassy should be relocated to Jerusalem and that it should be recognized as the capital of Israel. However, the US Justice Department Office of Legal Counsel concluded that the provisions of the act "invade exclusive presidential authorities in the field of foreign affairs and are unconstitutional". Since passage of the act, all presidents serving in office have determined that moving forward with the relocation would be detrimental to U.S. national security concerns and opted to issue waivers suspending any action on this front. The Palestinian Authority sees East Jerusalem as the capital of a future Palestinian state. The city's final status awaits future negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority (see "Negotiating Jerusalem," Palestine–Israel Journal). See Positions on Jerusalem for more information.



References[edit]


^ United Nations News Centre (28 October 2009). "Jerusalem must be capital of both Israel and Palestine, Ban says". UN News Centre. Retrieved 30 July 2015. 
^ "Basic Law: Jerusalem, Capital of Israel". Knesset. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ "MOBILEYE VISION TECHNOLOGIES LTD | Israel Company Reports – Search Israeli Companies". www.israelbizreg.com. Retrieved 2016-10-06. 
^ "Intel buys driverless car technology firm Mobileye". BBC. 13 March 2017. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ מובילאיי (2017-03-13). "אינטל מאשרת את חשיפת TheMarker: תרכוש את מובילאיי ב-15.3 מיליארד דולר – שוק ההון". TheMarker. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [1]
^ Sarah, Viva (2014-03-23). "What drives Israel’s serial entrepreneurs?". ISRAEL21c. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ NYC taxis to be a little safer, thanks to Mobileye: Israeli road safety alert system is being installed in New York cabs to help their operators drive more safely, David Shamah , Times of Israel 15 June 2015
^ Mobileye’s Tech Powers Tesla Model NoCamels News 23 August 2015
^ Tesla and Mobileye disagree on lack of emergency braking in deadly Autopilot crash, on The Verge, July 1, 2016
^ Bhuiyan, Johana (26 July 2016). "In the wake of a fatal crash, Tesla will quit using Mobileye's chips for Autopilot vision". ReCode. Retrieved 26 July 2016. 
^ Korosec, Kristen (26 July 2016). "Mobileye Is Ending Its Relationship With Tesla on Future Self-Driving Car Tech". Fortune. Retrieved 26 July 2016. 
^ "Mobileye and Intel join forces". The Economist. Retrieved 2017-04-01. 
^ "BMW Group, Intel and Mobileye will have autonomous test vehicles on the roads by the second half of 2017" (PDF). 4 January 2017. 
^ Ohnsman, Alan. "Mobileye Wants To Teach Your Robotic Car To Merge In Heavy Boston Traffic". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ Sharma, Rakesh (2017-03-13). "Intel Buys Mobileye for $15.3B". Investopedia. Retrieved 2017-03-13. 
^ "Mobileye's LinkedIn Profile". Linkedin.com. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ View ST Microelectronics Press Release Archived September 22, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ [2][dead link]
^ Gabay, Eran (2008-04-02). "Goldman Sachs investing $100m in startup Mobileye". Haaretz.com. Archived from the original on 2008-09-17. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "View PRNewswire Press Release". Newswiretoday.com. 2008-01-15. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ [3][dead link]
^ [4][dead link]
^ "View News Wire Today". Newswiretoday.com. 2008-03-24. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "View High Beam News Article". Highbeam.com. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ View STMicroelectronics Press Release Archived October 23, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ [5][dead link]
^ [6][dead link]
^ [7]
^ Coppola, Gabrielle (2014-07-31). "Mobileye Raises $890 Million as Largest Israeli IPO in the U.S". Bloomberg. 
^ "Intel acquisition of Mobileye". Intelandmobileye.transactionannouncement.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Mobileye 560 Review | Goshers Blind Spot Detection System". Consumer Reports. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ Administrator, Cars (2009-10-14). "Cars.co.za: Volvo Cars tests new, unique safety technology in Copenhagen – in a disguised S60 prototype". Carszainfo.blogspot.com. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ [8]
^ "BMW 7 Series and its amazing Headlights System - AutoSpies Auto News". Autospies.com. 2008-12-10. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ Reed, John; Ahmed, Murad (2016-02-24). "Mobileye takes fight to Google in autonomous cars". Financial Times. ISSN 0307-1766. Retrieved 2016-02-24. 
^ "InstallerNet to handle installation of Mobileye systems". Fleet Owner. Fleet Owner. Apr 14, 2010. Retrieved 2015-01-26. 
^ Rochvarger, Michael; Schmil, Daniel (17 May 2014). "Crash-avoidance Car Firm Mobileye Reportedly Eyes Monster $1b IPO" – via Haaretz. 
^ Rochvarger, Michael; Schmil, Daniel (8 July 2013). "Israeli Startup Mobileye Selling 25% Stake for $400m to Group of Blue-chip Investors". Haaretz. 
^ Lloyd, William. "The Wall Street Journal & Breaking News, Business, Financial and Economic News, World News and Video". Wsj.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "The Mobileye billionaires – Globes English". globes.co.il. Retrieved 18 March 2017. 
^ "Intel's $15.3 Billion Bid For Mobileye Pushes Israeli Investor Into The Billionaire Ranks". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "News". Fleet Europe. 2016-12-14. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [9]
^ Fleet Safety Forum Award Winners Archived December 20, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "2008 Winner's List". Electronicdesign.com. 2008-12-04. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "Frost & Sullivan Press Release". Frost.com. 2006-12-14. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "View Press Release". Allbusiness.com. 2004-12-09. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ [10]
^ "Safe Drive Systems Launches Anti-Collision Technology in U.S. | March 06, 2014". FenderBender. 2014-03-06. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Continental Automotive -Advanced Driver Assistance Systems". Conti-online.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Continental Automotive -Advanced Driver Assistance Systems". Conti-online.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [11]
^ [12]
^ "Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) | NVIDIA DRIVE". NVIDIA. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Overview | Automotive Imaging | OmniVision". Ovt.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "NXP Semiconductors | Automotive, Security, IoT". Freescale.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Solutions | Overview". TI.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS) | Renesas Electronics America". Am.renesas.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Toshiba to supply chips for driver-assist systems- Nikkei Asian Review". Asia.nikkei.com. 2014-09-13. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Products | TOSHIBA Storage & Electronic Devices Solutions Company | Americas". Toshiba.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [13]
^ "Green Hills Platform for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS)". Ghs.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ King, Ian (2014-07-01). "Intel Chases Sales on Silicon Road to Driverless Cars". Bloomberg. 
^ [14]
^ "Qualcomm reveals automotive strategy at CES". Eetindia.co.in. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Connected Wi-Fi, Telematics & Infotainment for Cars". Qualcomm. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "TomTom and Bosch SoftTec team up to deliver advanced driver assistance systems (AMS:TOMTOM)". Corporate.tomtom.com. 2014-09-29. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


Intel



Subsidiaries



3Dlabs
Altera
Comneon
Intel Security
Mobileye
Recon Instruments
Virtutech
Wind River Systems
4Group Holdings (50% owned by Technicolor SA)





Products



Intel AZ210
3D XPoint
Accounts & SSO
Amplify Tablet
Advanced Programmable Interrupt Controller
Cache Acceleration Software
Client Initiated Remote Access
Direct Media Interface
Flexible Display Interface
Hella Zippy
Intel 1103
Intel Display Power Saving Technology
Intel Modular Server System
Intel Reader
Intel SPSH4
Intel System Development Kit
Intel Upgrade Service
Intel740
InTru3D
IXP1200
OFono
Omni-Path
Performance acceleration technology
Shooting Star
Smart Cache
Stable Image Platform
Virtual 8086 mode
WiDi
X25-M
X86
Intel Clear Video
Intel Quick Sync Video





Litigation



Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. v. Intel Corp.
High-Tech Employee Antitrust Litigation
Intel Corp. v. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Intel Corp. v. Hamidi
Intel Corporation Inc. v CPM United Kingdom Ltd
Silvaco Data Systems v. Intel Corp.





People



Gordon Moore
Robert Noyce





Related



Intel Foundation Achievement Award
Apple's transition to Intel processors
Intel Architecture Labs
ASCI Red
BiiN
Classmate PC
Convera Corporation
Copy Exactly!
Cornell Cup USA
Intel Developer Forum
Dynamic video memory technology
Intel Extreme Masters
List of Intel microprocessors
List of Intel graphics processing units (2013 or earlier)
I/O Acceleration Technology
IA-32 Execution Layer
IM Flash Technologies
The Innovators
Inside
Inside Films
Intel ADX
Intel Capital
Intel Cluster Ready
Intel Compute Stick
Intel Ireland
Intel Mobile Communications
Intel Outstanding Researcher Award
Intel SHA extensions
Intel Teach
List of semiconductor fabrication plants
List of Intel manufacturing sites
Intel Museum
OnCue
Intel PRO/Wireless
Intel International Science and Engineering Fair
Regeneron Science Talent Search
Simple Firmware Interface
Single-chip Cloud Computer
Software Guard Extensions
Supervisor Mode Access Prevention
Tarari
Intel Technology Journal
Intel Tera-Scale
Timeline of Intel
Xircom












v
t
e


 Automotive industry in Israel






Automotive industry
Economy of Israel
Transportation in Israel





Current manufacturers



AIL
Carmor
Ha'argaz
MDT
Merkavim
Plasan Sasa
Rafael
Soltam Systems
Tomcar





Defunct manufacturers



Autocars Co.
Better Place
Kaiser-Ilin Industries





Components



Alliance Tire
Ashot Ashkelon
ERM Telematics
Mobileye
Raval ACS
Tadir-Gan





Related topics



AutoMotor(Auto Show)
Israeli Highways
National Roads Company of Israel










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mobileye&oldid=788018201"					
Categories: Automotive safety technologiesAutomotive electronicsAutomotive technology tradenamesIsraeli brandsCommercial computer vision systemsArtificial intelligence applicationsCompanies of IsraelCompanies established in 1999Autonomous carsIntelligent transportation systemsVehicle technologyWarning systemsCompanies based in JerusalemCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeIntel acquisitionsMergers and acquisitions of Israeli companiesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2017Articles with dead external links from November 2011Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2015Articles with unsourced statements from January 2013All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from January 2014 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisעברית日本語Русский 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 June 2017, at 00:30.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mobileye - Wikipedia






















 






Mobileye

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Mobileye N.V.





U.S. Ambassador visiting Mobileye in Har Hotzvim Technology park




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: MBLY


Industry
Automotive


Founded
1999; 18 years ago (1999)
Jerusalem


Founder
Ziv Aviram
Amnon Shashua


Headquarters
Jerusalem[note 1][1][2]



Key people

Ziv Aviram,
(President)
Amnon Shashua
(Chairman and CTO)


Revenue
USD 358.16 million (2016)



Operating income

USD 120.94 million (2016)



Net income

USD 108.37 million (2016)


Total assets
USD 780.38 million (2016)


Total equity
USD 698.41 million (2016)



Number of employees

663 (2016)


Parent
Intel


Website
mobileye.com


Mobileye is an Israeli technology company that develops vision-based advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS) providing warnings for collision prevention and mitigation. Mobileye N.V. headquarters and main R&D centre is located in Jerusalem operating under the company name Mobileye Vision Technology Ltd.[3] The company has also sales and marketing offices in Jericho, New York; Shanghai, China; Tokyo, Japan and Düsseldorf, Germany.
In March 2017, Intel announced that they had agreed to a US$15.3 billion takeover of Mobileye.[4] The deal is expected to be the largest exit in Israel's high-tech industry to date. [5]




A MobileEye EyeQ2 chip used in a Hyundai Lane Guidance camera module.





Contents


1 History
2 Company timeline
3 Technologies

3.1 Aftermarket


4 Investments
5 Awards
6 Competition
7 See also
8 Notes
9 References
10 External links



History[edit]
Mobileye N.V. was founded in 1999 by Amnon Shashua (a researcher of the Hebrew University), when he evolved his academic research into a technical solution for a vision system which could detect vehicles using only a camera and software algorithms on a processor.[6] After receiving a license to use the technology which was owned by Yissum it was possible to incorporate the company. Together with Ziv Aviram, he set up the company's R&D headquarters in Jerusalem, Israel.
At first, the company developed algorithms, and a processor chip called the EyeQ chip. All of Mobileye’s proprietary image processing algorithms run on the EyeQ chip. After years of testing, the chip and software algorithms began to be sold as commercial products to original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers. The company’s first clients were automotive manufacturers such as BMW, General Motors and Volvo. These companies electronics suppliers integrated Mobileye’s technologies into the companies' cars, at first as an optional accessory when buying a new car, and later as a standard option in new cars.[7]
In 2006, Mobileye set up an aftermarket department, which sells finished products manufactured by Mobileye at their Philippines factory, IMI. The aftermarket products are sold to an international network of distributors on all continents who sell the products to fleets of trucks and buses, to car dealerships, and to car accessory shops.[8]
In August 2015, Tesla Motors announced that it is using Mobileye's technology to enable its self-drive solution, which would be incorporated into Model S cars from August 2015.[9] After the first deadly crash of a self-driving Model S with active Autopilot became public in June 2016, Mobileye issued a statement that its technology won't be able to recognize a crossing trailer (which was the cause of the accident) until 2018.[10] In July 2016, Mobileye announced the end of its partnership with Tesla after the EyeQ3.[11][12] EyeQ is used in over 15 million vehicles sold as of 2017.[13]
In January 2017, Mobileye, BMW and Intel announced that they were developing a test fleet of autonomous vehicles that would be on the road in the second half of 2017.[14] The companies plan to develop autonomous vehicles for the consumer market by 2021.[15] In March 2017, Intel announced their recent deals to buy Mobileye for $15.3 billion.[16]
Company timeline[edit]

1999: Mobileye NV co-founded by Mr. Ziv Aviram and Prof. Amnon Shashua[17]
1999 (June): Introduction of the first generation Live Demonstration System
1999: Mobileye received a license from Yissum to be able to use the technology.
2000: Introduction of the second generation Live Demonstration System
2001 (February): Introduction of the third generation Live Demonstration System
2001 (May): Introduction of the fourth generation Live Demonstration System
2002: Introduction of the fifth generation Live Demonstration System for Multi-Vision Applications
2003: Mobileye and Denso sign cooperation agreement
2003: Mobileye and Delphi sign cooperation agreement
2004: Introduction of the first generation EyeQTM System-on-a-Chip (SoC)
2004: Mobileye and SVDO/Continental sign a development agreement
2005: Mobileye and ST Microelectrionics sign a chip manufacture and development partnership agreement[18]
2006: Introduction of the sixth generation Live Demonstration System for Pedestrian Detection
2006: Introduction of Mobileye's Aftermarket Department
2006 (July): Mobileye and Magna Electronics announce partnership to develop advanced automotive driver assistance features[19]
2007: U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs invests $100 million in Mobileye[20]
2007: Mobileye launches multiple series productions for LDW on GM Cadillac STS and DTS vehicles,[21] for LDW on BMW 5 and 6 Series vehicles[22] and for radar-vision fusion for enhanced Adaptive Cruise Control with Collision Mitigation by Braking on Volvo S80, XC90/70/60 and V70 vehicles[23]
2007: Introduction of the Mobileye Advanced Warning System providing a world's first Aftermarket system featuring functions of lane and vehicle Detection running on a single processor[24]
2008 (September): Mobileye and Continental launch a world's first combination of multiple functions of Lane Departure Warning, Intelligent Highbeam Control and Traffic Sign Recognition on the BMW 7 series[25]
2008: Introduction of the second generation EyeQ2TM System-on-a-Chip (SoC)[26]
2009: Mobileye and Visteon sign cooperation agreement [27]
2010: U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs, Leumi Partners and Menora Mivtachim Holdings Ltd. invest $37 million in Mobileye[28]
2010: Mobileye launches newest aftermarket product, the C2-270 Collision Prevention System, with vehicle, pedestrian, bicycle, and motorcycle detection capabilities.[29]
2010: Mobileye launches a world-first vision based Pedestrian Forward Collision Warning as part of a radar-vision 'automatic emergency braking system' with Delphi and Volvo on the S60 saloon and V60 estate
2010: Mobileye launches Lane Keeping and Support (LKAS) on two HKMC vehicles (Hyundai i40 and Kia Optima) for US and European introduction.
2011: Mobileye launches the world's first vision only based forward collision warning system (bundled with multiple other functions of LDW IHC and TSR) on the 2011 BMW 1 series
2011: Mobileye launches the world's first vision only based U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) compliant Forward Collision Warning system and lane departure warning system combination on multiple GM vehicles – Chevrolet Equinox and GMC Terrain.
2011: Mobileye launches multi functional bundles including vision based FCW on the Opel Zafira and Opel Insignia.
2014: Mobileye launched its IPO on the NYSE which was the biggest Israeli IPO ever in the US raising approx. $1B at a market cap of $5.3B[30]
2017: Acquired by Intel for $15B [31]

Technologies[edit]
The firm's technology is based on the use of optical vision systems with motion detection algorithms, unlike many other systems which use a combination of visual detection, radar, and laser scanning. The firm's vehicle detection algorithms recognize motorised vehicles such as cars, motorcycles and trucks, in day and night time conditions.[citation needed] The firm's version performs its vehicle detection based functions using a single camera mounted in the rear view mirror, unlike the usual approach of using radars, laser scanners or in some cases stereo-cameras.[32]
In 2011 the firm introduced the world's first OEM production of vision-only forward collision warning system (NHTSA compliant) on multiple BMW, GM and Opel vehicles.[citation needed]
Lane departure warning systems are in-vehicle electronic systems that monitor the position of a vehicle within a roadway lane and warn a driver if the vehicle deviates or is about to deviate outside the lane. Mobileye's version was launched in multiple production platforms through 2007 and 2008 with GM, BMW and Volvo.[citation needed]
The firm's pedestrian detection technology is based on the use of mono cameras only, using pattern recognition and classifiers with image processing and optic flow analysis. Both static and moving pedestrians can be detected to a range of around 30m using VGA resolution imagers.[citation needed] The firm announced in 2008 that by mid-2010 they would launch a world's first application of full emergency braking for collision mitigation for pedestrians. Mobileye announced in May 2009 as part of the next generation Volvo radar-vision fusion system which also provides lane departure warning and vehicle detection with radar-vision fusion for an enhanced collision mitigation by braking system on the next Volvo S60 vehicle.[33][unreliable source?]
Since 2008, BMW 7-Series cars are equipped with the Mobileye traffic sign recognition systems, developed in cooperation with automotive supplier Continental AG.[34]
Adaptive highbeam systems automatically raises and lowering the high beams without inconveniencing oncoming or preceding traffic. The firm's version, Intelligent Headlight Control, is in production on the BMW 7 series.[35]
In 2011, the firm introduced multi-functional bundles including vision based FCW on the Opel Zafira and Opel Insignia.
In 2016, Mobileye announced a deal to work with Renault Nissan on digital maps that will help the automaker’s move towards driverless cars.[36]
Aftermarket[edit]
Since 2007 the firm has offered a range of aftermarket vision based ADAS systems, based on the same core technology as for production models. They currently offer lane departure warning, forward collision warning, headway monitoring and warning, low speed urban collision warning, intelligent headlamp control, speed limit indication (tsr) and pedestrian collision warning (including bicycles). These systems have also been integrated with fleet management systems.[37]
Investments[edit]
Between 2007 and 2011 the company raised $160 million. In 2013 the company sold 25% of its private shares for $400 million to a group of blue-chip investors.[38][39][40] One of Mobileye's biggest investors was Colmobil CEO Shmuel Harlap, who held a 7.2% stake. [41] Following the acquisition, he'll become Israel's newest billionaire, joining co-founders Amnon Shashua and Ziv Aviram in the billionaire's club.[42]
Awards[edit]

International Fleet Industry Award, Fleet Europe, November 2013 [43]
International Fleet Industry Award, Fleet Europe, October 2011.[44]
Fleet Safety Forum Award for Excellence in the UK, for the Fleet Safety Product category, for the Mobileye C2-170 safety system.[45] Brake – Road Safety Charity -, July 2009.
Best Electronic Design 2008 for Best Automotive Design, for the EyeQ2 Vision Processor.[46] Electronic Design, December 2008.
Entrepreneurial Company of the Year Award in the Automotive Industry. Frost & Sullivan, December 2006.[47]
Selected for the Top 100 Innovators Award. Red Herring Magazine, December 2005.[48]

Competition[edit]
Mobileye faces competition from Tier 1 automotive suppliers as well as from other technology companies, including potentially Google.[49] There is also an increasing competition on the after-market space from radar-based systems manufacturers, such as Safe Drive Systems and others.[50] Other competitors developing ADAS technology include Cognitive Technologies, Continental AG,[51][52] Bosch,[53][54] NVIDIA,[55] OmniVision Technologies,[56] Freescale,[57] Texas Instruments,[58][59] Toshiba,[60][61] Renesas Electronics Corp., Denso,[62] Green Hills Software,[63] Intel[64][65] (not a competition after the acquisition of Mobileye by Intel), Qualcomm,[66][67] and TomTom.[68]
See also[edit]

Science and technology in Israel
Economy of Israel
Start-up Nation

Notes[edit]



^ The Jerusalem Law states that "Jerusalem, complete and united, is the capital of Israel" and the city serves as the seat of the government, home to the President's residence, government offices, supreme court, and parliament. United Nations Security Council Resolution 478 (20 August 1980; 14–0, U.S. abstaining) declared the Jerusalem Law "null and void" and called on member states to withdraw their diplomatic missions from Jerusalem. The United Nations and all member nations refuse to accept the Jerusalem Law (see Kellerman 1993, p. 140) and maintain their embassies in other cities such as Tel Aviv, Ramat Gan, and Herzliya (see the CIA Factbook and Map of Israel). The U.S. Congress subsequently adopted the Jerusalem Embassy Act, which said that the U.S. embassy should be relocated to Jerusalem and that it should be recognized as the capital of Israel. However, the US Justice Department Office of Legal Counsel concluded that the provisions of the act "invade exclusive presidential authorities in the field of foreign affairs and are unconstitutional". Since passage of the act, all presidents serving in office have determined that moving forward with the relocation would be detrimental to U.S. national security concerns and opted to issue waivers suspending any action on this front. The Palestinian Authority sees East Jerusalem as the capital of a future Palestinian state. The city's final status awaits future negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority (see "Negotiating Jerusalem," Palestine–Israel Journal). See Positions on Jerusalem for more information.



References[edit]


^ United Nations News Centre (28 October 2009). "Jerusalem must be capital of both Israel and Palestine, Ban says". UN News Centre. Retrieved 30 July 2015. 
^ "Basic Law: Jerusalem, Capital of Israel". Knesset. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ "MOBILEYE VISION TECHNOLOGIES LTD | Israel Company Reports – Search Israeli Companies". www.israelbizreg.com. Retrieved 2016-10-06. 
^ "Intel buys driverless car technology firm Mobileye". BBC. 13 March 2017. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ מובילאיי (2017-03-13). "אינטל מאשרת את חשיפת TheMarker: תרכוש את מובילאיי ב-15.3 מיליארד דולר – שוק ההון". TheMarker. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [1]
^ Sarah, Viva (2014-03-23). "What drives Israel’s serial entrepreneurs?". ISRAEL21c. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ NYC taxis to be a little safer, thanks to Mobileye: Israeli road safety alert system is being installed in New York cabs to help their operators drive more safely, David Shamah , Times of Israel 15 June 2015
^ Mobileye’s Tech Powers Tesla Model NoCamels News 23 August 2015
^ Tesla and Mobileye disagree on lack of emergency braking in deadly Autopilot crash, on The Verge, July 1, 2016
^ Bhuiyan, Johana (26 July 2016). "In the wake of a fatal crash, Tesla will quit using Mobileye's chips for Autopilot vision". ReCode. Retrieved 26 July 2016. 
^ Korosec, Kristen (26 July 2016). "Mobileye Is Ending Its Relationship With Tesla on Future Self-Driving Car Tech". Fortune. Retrieved 26 July 2016. 
^ "Mobileye and Intel join forces". The Economist. Retrieved 2017-04-01. 
^ "BMW Group, Intel and Mobileye will have autonomous test vehicles on the roads by the second half of 2017" (PDF). 4 January 2017. 
^ Ohnsman, Alan. "Mobileye Wants To Teach Your Robotic Car To Merge In Heavy Boston Traffic". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ Sharma, Rakesh (2017-03-13). "Intel Buys Mobileye for $15.3B". Investopedia. Retrieved 2017-03-13. 
^ "Mobileye's LinkedIn Profile". Linkedin.com. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ View ST Microelectronics Press Release Archived September 22, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ [2][dead link]
^ Gabay, Eran (2008-04-02). "Goldman Sachs investing $100m in startup Mobileye". Haaretz.com. Archived from the original on 2008-09-17. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "View PRNewswire Press Release". Newswiretoday.com. 2008-01-15. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ [3][dead link]
^ [4][dead link]
^ "View News Wire Today". Newswiretoday.com. 2008-03-24. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "View High Beam News Article". Highbeam.com. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ View STMicroelectronics Press Release Archived October 23, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ [5][dead link]
^ [6][dead link]
^ [7]
^ Coppola, Gabrielle (2014-07-31). "Mobileye Raises $890 Million as Largest Israeli IPO in the U.S". Bloomberg. 
^ "Intel acquisition of Mobileye". Intelandmobileye.transactionannouncement.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Mobileye 560 Review | Goshers Blind Spot Detection System". Consumer Reports. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ Administrator, Cars (2009-10-14). "Cars.co.za: Volvo Cars tests new, unique safety technology in Copenhagen – in a disguised S60 prototype". Carszainfo.blogspot.com. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ [8]
^ "BMW 7 Series and its amazing Headlights System - AutoSpies Auto News". Autospies.com. 2008-12-10. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ Reed, John; Ahmed, Murad (2016-02-24). "Mobileye takes fight to Google in autonomous cars". Financial Times. ISSN 0307-1766. Retrieved 2016-02-24. 
^ "InstallerNet to handle installation of Mobileye systems". Fleet Owner. Fleet Owner. Apr 14, 2010. Retrieved 2015-01-26. 
^ Rochvarger, Michael; Schmil, Daniel (17 May 2014). "Crash-avoidance Car Firm Mobileye Reportedly Eyes Monster $1b IPO" – via Haaretz. 
^ Rochvarger, Michael; Schmil, Daniel (8 July 2013). "Israeli Startup Mobileye Selling 25% Stake for $400m to Group of Blue-chip Investors". Haaretz. 
^ Lloyd, William. "The Wall Street Journal & Breaking News, Business, Financial and Economic News, World News and Video". Wsj.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "The Mobileye billionaires – Globes English". globes.co.il. Retrieved 18 March 2017. 
^ "Intel's $15.3 Billion Bid For Mobileye Pushes Israeli Investor Into The Billionaire Ranks". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "News". Fleet Europe. 2016-12-14. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [9]
^ Fleet Safety Forum Award Winners Archived December 20, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "2008 Winner's List". Electronicdesign.com. 2008-12-04. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "Frost & Sullivan Press Release". Frost.com. 2006-12-14. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "View Press Release". Allbusiness.com. 2004-12-09. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ [10]
^ "Safe Drive Systems Launches Anti-Collision Technology in U.S. | March 06, 2014". FenderBender. 2014-03-06. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Continental Automotive -Advanced Driver Assistance Systems". Conti-online.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Continental Automotive -Advanced Driver Assistance Systems". Conti-online.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [11]
^ [12]
^ "Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) | NVIDIA DRIVE". NVIDIA. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Overview | Automotive Imaging | OmniVision". Ovt.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "NXP Semiconductors | Automotive, Security, IoT". Freescale.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Solutions | Overview". TI.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS) | Renesas Electronics America". Am.renesas.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Toshiba to supply chips for driver-assist systems- Nikkei Asian Review". Asia.nikkei.com. 2014-09-13. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Products | TOSHIBA Storage & Electronic Devices Solutions Company | Americas". Toshiba.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [13]
^ "Green Hills Platform for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS)". Ghs.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ King, Ian (2014-07-01). "Intel Chases Sales on Silicon Road to Driverless Cars". Bloomberg. 
^ [14]
^ "Qualcomm reveals automotive strategy at CES". Eetindia.co.in. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Connected Wi-Fi, Telematics & Infotainment for Cars". Qualcomm. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "TomTom and Bosch SoftTec team up to deliver advanced driver assistance systems (AMS:TOMTOM)". Corporate.tomtom.com. 2014-09-29. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


Intel



Subsidiaries



3Dlabs
Altera
Comneon
Intel Security
Mobileye
Recon Instruments
Virtutech
Wind River Systems
4Group Holdings (50% owned by Technicolor SA)





Products



Intel AZ210
3D XPoint
Accounts & SSO
Amplify Tablet
Advanced Programmable Interrupt Controller
Cache Acceleration Software
Client Initiated Remote Access
Direct Media Interface
Flexible Display Interface
Hella Zippy
Intel 1103
Intel Display Power Saving Technology
Intel Modular Server System
Intel Reader
Intel SPSH4
Intel System Development Kit
Intel Upgrade Service
Intel740
InTru3D
IXP1200
OFono
Omni-Path
Performance acceleration technology
Shooting Star
Smart Cache
Stable Image Platform
Virtual 8086 mode
WiDi
X25-M
X86
Intel Clear Video
Intel Quick Sync Video





Litigation



Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. v. Intel Corp.
High-Tech Employee Antitrust Litigation
Intel Corp. v. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Intel Corp. v. Hamidi
Intel Corporation Inc. v CPM United Kingdom Ltd
Silvaco Data Systems v. Intel Corp.





People



Gordon Moore
Robert Noyce





Related



Intel Foundation Achievement Award
Apple's transition to Intel processors
Intel Architecture Labs
ASCI Red
BiiN
Classmate PC
Convera Corporation
Copy Exactly!
Cornell Cup USA
Intel Developer Forum
Dynamic video memory technology
Intel Extreme Masters
List of Intel microprocessors
List of Intel graphics processing units (2013 or earlier)
I/O Acceleration Technology
IA-32 Execution Layer
IM Flash Technologies
The Innovators
Inside
Inside Films
Intel ADX
Intel Capital
Intel Cluster Ready
Intel Compute Stick
Intel Ireland
Intel Mobile Communications
Intel Outstanding Researcher Award
Intel SHA extensions
Intel Teach
List of semiconductor fabrication plants
List of Intel manufacturing sites
Intel Museum
OnCue
Intel PRO/Wireless
Intel International Science and Engineering Fair
Regeneron Science Talent Search
Simple Firmware Interface
Single-chip Cloud Computer
Software Guard Extensions
Supervisor Mode Access Prevention
Tarari
Intel Technology Journal
Intel Tera-Scale
Timeline of Intel
Xircom












v
t
e


 Automotive industry in Israel






Automotive industry
Economy of Israel
Transportation in Israel





Current manufacturers



AIL
Carmor
Ha'argaz
MDT
Merkavim
Plasan Sasa
Rafael
Soltam Systems
Tomcar





Defunct manufacturers



Autocars Co.
Better Place
Kaiser-Ilin Industries





Components



Alliance Tire
Ashot Ashkelon
ERM Telematics
Mobileye
Raval ACS
Tadir-Gan





Related topics



AutoMotor(Auto Show)
Israeli Highways
National Roads Company of Israel










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mobileye&oldid=788018201"					
Categories: Automotive safety technologiesAutomotive electronicsAutomotive technology tradenamesIsraeli brandsCommercial computer vision systemsArtificial intelligence applicationsCompanies of IsraelCompanies established in 1999Autonomous carsIntelligent transportation systemsVehicle technologyWarning systemsCompanies based in JerusalemCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeIntel acquisitionsMergers and acquisitions of Israeli companiesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2017Articles with dead external links from November 2011Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2015Articles with unsourced statements from January 2013All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from January 2014 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisעברית日本語Русский 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 June 2017, at 00:30.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mobileye - Wikipedia






















 






Mobileye

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Mobileye N.V.





U.S. Ambassador visiting Mobileye in Har Hotzvim Technology park




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: MBLY


Industry
Automotive


Founded
1999; 18 years ago (1999)
Jerusalem


Founder
Ziv Aviram
Amnon Shashua


Headquarters
Jerusalem[note 1][1][2]



Key people

Ziv Aviram,
(President)
Amnon Shashua
(Chairman and CTO)


Revenue
USD 358.16 million (2016)



Operating income

USD 120.94 million (2016)



Net income

USD 108.37 million (2016)


Total assets
USD 780.38 million (2016)


Total equity
USD 698.41 million (2016)



Number of employees

663 (2016)


Parent
Intel


Website
mobileye.com


Mobileye is an Israeli technology company that develops vision-based advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS) providing warnings for collision prevention and mitigation. Mobileye N.V. headquarters and main R&D centre is located in Jerusalem operating under the company name Mobileye Vision Technology Ltd.[3] The company has also sales and marketing offices in Jericho, New York; Shanghai, China; Tokyo, Japan and Düsseldorf, Germany.
In March 2017, Intel announced that they had agreed to a US$15.3 billion takeover of Mobileye.[4] The deal is expected to be the largest exit in Israel's high-tech industry to date. [5]




A MobileEye EyeQ2 chip used in a Hyundai Lane Guidance camera module.





Contents


1 History
2 Company timeline
3 Technologies

3.1 Aftermarket


4 Investments
5 Awards
6 Competition
7 See also
8 Notes
9 References
10 External links



History[edit]
Mobileye N.V. was founded in 1999 by Amnon Shashua (a researcher of the Hebrew University), when he evolved his academic research into a technical solution for a vision system which could detect vehicles using only a camera and software algorithms on a processor.[6] After receiving a license to use the technology which was owned by Yissum it was possible to incorporate the company. Together with Ziv Aviram, he set up the company's R&D headquarters in Jerusalem, Israel.
At first, the company developed algorithms, and a processor chip called the EyeQ chip. All of Mobileye’s proprietary image processing algorithms run on the EyeQ chip. After years of testing, the chip and software algorithms began to be sold as commercial products to original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers. The company’s first clients were automotive manufacturers such as BMW, General Motors and Volvo. These companies electronics suppliers integrated Mobileye’s technologies into the companies' cars, at first as an optional accessory when buying a new car, and later as a standard option in new cars.[7]
In 2006, Mobileye set up an aftermarket department, which sells finished products manufactured by Mobileye at their Philippines factory, IMI. The aftermarket products are sold to an international network of distributors on all continents who sell the products to fleets of trucks and buses, to car dealerships, and to car accessory shops.[8]
In August 2015, Tesla Motors announced that it is using Mobileye's technology to enable its self-drive solution, which would be incorporated into Model S cars from August 2015.[9] After the first deadly crash of a self-driving Model S with active Autopilot became public in June 2016, Mobileye issued a statement that its technology won't be able to recognize a crossing trailer (which was the cause of the accident) until 2018.[10] In July 2016, Mobileye announced the end of its partnership with Tesla after the EyeQ3.[11][12] EyeQ is used in over 15 million vehicles sold as of 2017.[13]
In January 2017, Mobileye, BMW and Intel announced that they were developing a test fleet of autonomous vehicles that would be on the road in the second half of 2017.[14] The companies plan to develop autonomous vehicles for the consumer market by 2021.[15] In March 2017, Intel announced their recent deals to buy Mobileye for $15.3 billion.[16]
Company timeline[edit]

1999: Mobileye NV co-founded by Mr. Ziv Aviram and Prof. Amnon Shashua[17]
1999 (June): Introduction of the first generation Live Demonstration System
1999: Mobileye received a license from Yissum to be able to use the technology.
2000: Introduction of the second generation Live Demonstration System
2001 (February): Introduction of the third generation Live Demonstration System
2001 (May): Introduction of the fourth generation Live Demonstration System
2002: Introduction of the fifth generation Live Demonstration System for Multi-Vision Applications
2003: Mobileye and Denso sign cooperation agreement
2003: Mobileye and Delphi sign cooperation agreement
2004: Introduction of the first generation EyeQTM System-on-a-Chip (SoC)
2004: Mobileye and SVDO/Continental sign a development agreement
2005: Mobileye and ST Microelectrionics sign a chip manufacture and development partnership agreement[18]
2006: Introduction of the sixth generation Live Demonstration System for Pedestrian Detection
2006: Introduction of Mobileye's Aftermarket Department
2006 (July): Mobileye and Magna Electronics announce partnership to develop advanced automotive driver assistance features[19]
2007: U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs invests $100 million in Mobileye[20]
2007: Mobileye launches multiple series productions for LDW on GM Cadillac STS and DTS vehicles,[21] for LDW on BMW 5 and 6 Series vehicles[22] and for radar-vision fusion for enhanced Adaptive Cruise Control with Collision Mitigation by Braking on Volvo S80, XC90/70/60 and V70 vehicles[23]
2007: Introduction of the Mobileye Advanced Warning System providing a world's first Aftermarket system featuring functions of lane and vehicle Detection running on a single processor[24]
2008 (September): Mobileye and Continental launch a world's first combination of multiple functions of Lane Departure Warning, Intelligent Highbeam Control and Traffic Sign Recognition on the BMW 7 series[25]
2008: Introduction of the second generation EyeQ2TM System-on-a-Chip (SoC)[26]
2009: Mobileye and Visteon sign cooperation agreement [27]
2010: U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs, Leumi Partners and Menora Mivtachim Holdings Ltd. invest $37 million in Mobileye[28]
2010: Mobileye launches newest aftermarket product, the C2-270 Collision Prevention System, with vehicle, pedestrian, bicycle, and motorcycle detection capabilities.[29]
2010: Mobileye launches a world-first vision based Pedestrian Forward Collision Warning as part of a radar-vision 'automatic emergency braking system' with Delphi and Volvo on the S60 saloon and V60 estate
2010: Mobileye launches Lane Keeping and Support (LKAS) on two HKMC vehicles (Hyundai i40 and Kia Optima) for US and European introduction.
2011: Mobileye launches the world's first vision only based forward collision warning system (bundled with multiple other functions of LDW IHC and TSR) on the 2011 BMW 1 series
2011: Mobileye launches the world's first vision only based U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) compliant Forward Collision Warning system and lane departure warning system combination on multiple GM vehicles – Chevrolet Equinox and GMC Terrain.
2011: Mobileye launches multi functional bundles including vision based FCW on the Opel Zafira and Opel Insignia.
2014: Mobileye launched its IPO on the NYSE which was the biggest Israeli IPO ever in the US raising approx. $1B at a market cap of $5.3B[30]
2017: Acquired by Intel for $15B [31]

Technologies[edit]
The firm's technology is based on the use of optical vision systems with motion detection algorithms, unlike many other systems which use a combination of visual detection, radar, and laser scanning. The firm's vehicle detection algorithms recognize motorised vehicles such as cars, motorcycles and trucks, in day and night time conditions.[citation needed] The firm's version performs its vehicle detection based functions using a single camera mounted in the rear view mirror, unlike the usual approach of using radars, laser scanners or in some cases stereo-cameras.[32]
In 2011 the firm introduced the world's first OEM production of vision-only forward collision warning system (NHTSA compliant) on multiple BMW, GM and Opel vehicles.[citation needed]
Lane departure warning systems are in-vehicle electronic systems that monitor the position of a vehicle within a roadway lane and warn a driver if the vehicle deviates or is about to deviate outside the lane. Mobileye's version was launched in multiple production platforms through 2007 and 2008 with GM, BMW and Volvo.[citation needed]
The firm's pedestrian detection technology is based on the use of mono cameras only, using pattern recognition and classifiers with image processing and optic flow analysis. Both static and moving pedestrians can be detected to a range of around 30m using VGA resolution imagers.[citation needed] The firm announced in 2008 that by mid-2010 they would launch a world's first application of full emergency braking for collision mitigation for pedestrians. Mobileye announced in May 2009 as part of the next generation Volvo radar-vision fusion system which also provides lane departure warning and vehicle detection with radar-vision fusion for an enhanced collision mitigation by braking system on the next Volvo S60 vehicle.[33][unreliable source?]
Since 2008, BMW 7-Series cars are equipped with the Mobileye traffic sign recognition systems, developed in cooperation with automotive supplier Continental AG.[34]
Adaptive highbeam systems automatically raises and lowering the high beams without inconveniencing oncoming or preceding traffic. The firm's version, Intelligent Headlight Control, is in production on the BMW 7 series.[35]
In 2011, the firm introduced multi-functional bundles including vision based FCW on the Opel Zafira and Opel Insignia.
In 2016, Mobileye announced a deal to work with Renault Nissan on digital maps that will help the automaker’s move towards driverless cars.[36]
Aftermarket[edit]
Since 2007 the firm has offered a range of aftermarket vision based ADAS systems, based on the same core technology as for production models. They currently offer lane departure warning, forward collision warning, headway monitoring and warning, low speed urban collision warning, intelligent headlamp control, speed limit indication (tsr) and pedestrian collision warning (including bicycles). These systems have also been integrated with fleet management systems.[37]
Investments[edit]
Between 2007 and 2011 the company raised $160 million. In 2013 the company sold 25% of its private shares for $400 million to a group of blue-chip investors.[38][39][40] One of Mobileye's biggest investors was Colmobil CEO Shmuel Harlap, who held a 7.2% stake. [41] Following the acquisition, he'll become Israel's newest billionaire, joining co-founders Amnon Shashua and Ziv Aviram in the billionaire's club.[42]
Awards[edit]

International Fleet Industry Award, Fleet Europe, November 2013 [43]
International Fleet Industry Award, Fleet Europe, October 2011.[44]
Fleet Safety Forum Award for Excellence in the UK, for the Fleet Safety Product category, for the Mobileye C2-170 safety system.[45] Brake – Road Safety Charity -, July 2009.
Best Electronic Design 2008 for Best Automotive Design, for the EyeQ2 Vision Processor.[46] Electronic Design, December 2008.
Entrepreneurial Company of the Year Award in the Automotive Industry. Frost & Sullivan, December 2006.[47]
Selected for the Top 100 Innovators Award. Red Herring Magazine, December 2005.[48]

Competition[edit]
Mobileye faces competition from Tier 1 automotive suppliers as well as from other technology companies, including potentially Google.[49] There is also an increasing competition on the after-market space from radar-based systems manufacturers, such as Safe Drive Systems and others.[50] Other competitors developing ADAS technology include Cognitive Technologies, Continental AG,[51][52] Bosch,[53][54] NVIDIA,[55] OmniVision Technologies,[56] Freescale,[57] Texas Instruments,[58][59] Toshiba,[60][61] Renesas Electronics Corp., Denso,[62] Green Hills Software,[63] Intel[64][65] (not a competition after the acquisition of Mobileye by Intel), Qualcomm,[66][67] and TomTom.[68]
See also[edit]

Science and technology in Israel
Economy of Israel
Start-up Nation

Notes[edit]



^ The Jerusalem Law states that "Jerusalem, complete and united, is the capital of Israel" and the city serves as the seat of the government, home to the President's residence, government offices, supreme court, and parliament. United Nations Security Council Resolution 478 (20 August 1980; 14–0, U.S. abstaining) declared the Jerusalem Law "null and void" and called on member states to withdraw their diplomatic missions from Jerusalem. The United Nations and all member nations refuse to accept the Jerusalem Law (see Kellerman 1993, p. 140) and maintain their embassies in other cities such as Tel Aviv, Ramat Gan, and Herzliya (see the CIA Factbook and Map of Israel). The U.S. Congress subsequently adopted the Jerusalem Embassy Act, which said that the U.S. embassy should be relocated to Jerusalem and that it should be recognized as the capital of Israel. However, the US Justice Department Office of Legal Counsel concluded that the provisions of the act "invade exclusive presidential authorities in the field of foreign affairs and are unconstitutional". Since passage of the act, all presidents serving in office have determined that moving forward with the relocation would be detrimental to U.S. national security concerns and opted to issue waivers suspending any action on this front. The Palestinian Authority sees East Jerusalem as the capital of a future Palestinian state. The city's final status awaits future negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority (see "Negotiating Jerusalem," Palestine–Israel Journal). See Positions on Jerusalem for more information.



References[edit]


^ United Nations News Centre (28 October 2009). "Jerusalem must be capital of both Israel and Palestine, Ban says". UN News Centre. Retrieved 30 July 2015. 
^ "Basic Law: Jerusalem, Capital of Israel". Knesset. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ "MOBILEYE VISION TECHNOLOGIES LTD | Israel Company Reports – Search Israeli Companies". www.israelbizreg.com. Retrieved 2016-10-06. 
^ "Intel buys driverless car technology firm Mobileye". BBC. 13 March 2017. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ מובילאיי (2017-03-13). "אינטל מאשרת את חשיפת TheMarker: תרכוש את מובילאיי ב-15.3 מיליארד דולר – שוק ההון". TheMarker. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [1]
^ Sarah, Viva (2014-03-23). "What drives Israel’s serial entrepreneurs?". ISRAEL21c. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ NYC taxis to be a little safer, thanks to Mobileye: Israeli road safety alert system is being installed in New York cabs to help their operators drive more safely, David Shamah , Times of Israel 15 June 2015
^ Mobileye’s Tech Powers Tesla Model NoCamels News 23 August 2015
^ Tesla and Mobileye disagree on lack of emergency braking in deadly Autopilot crash, on The Verge, July 1, 2016
^ Bhuiyan, Johana (26 July 2016). "In the wake of a fatal crash, Tesla will quit using Mobileye's chips for Autopilot vision". ReCode. Retrieved 26 July 2016. 
^ Korosec, Kristen (26 July 2016). "Mobileye Is Ending Its Relationship With Tesla on Future Self-Driving Car Tech". Fortune. Retrieved 26 July 2016. 
^ "Mobileye and Intel join forces". The Economist. Retrieved 2017-04-01. 
^ "BMW Group, Intel and Mobileye will have autonomous test vehicles on the roads by the second half of 2017" (PDF). 4 January 2017. 
^ Ohnsman, Alan. "Mobileye Wants To Teach Your Robotic Car To Merge In Heavy Boston Traffic". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ Sharma, Rakesh (2017-03-13). "Intel Buys Mobileye for $15.3B". Investopedia. Retrieved 2017-03-13. 
^ "Mobileye's LinkedIn Profile". Linkedin.com. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ View ST Microelectronics Press Release Archived September 22, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ [2][dead link]
^ Gabay, Eran (2008-04-02). "Goldman Sachs investing $100m in startup Mobileye". Haaretz.com. Archived from the original on 2008-09-17. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "View PRNewswire Press Release". Newswiretoday.com. 2008-01-15. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ [3][dead link]
^ [4][dead link]
^ "View News Wire Today". Newswiretoday.com. 2008-03-24. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "View High Beam News Article". Highbeam.com. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ View STMicroelectronics Press Release Archived October 23, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ [5][dead link]
^ [6][dead link]
^ [7]
^ Coppola, Gabrielle (2014-07-31). "Mobileye Raises $890 Million as Largest Israeli IPO in the U.S". Bloomberg. 
^ "Intel acquisition of Mobileye". Intelandmobileye.transactionannouncement.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Mobileye 560 Review | Goshers Blind Spot Detection System". Consumer Reports. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ Administrator, Cars (2009-10-14). "Cars.co.za: Volvo Cars tests new, unique safety technology in Copenhagen – in a disguised S60 prototype". Carszainfo.blogspot.com. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ [8]
^ "BMW 7 Series and its amazing Headlights System - AutoSpies Auto News". Autospies.com. 2008-12-10. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ Reed, John; Ahmed, Murad (2016-02-24). "Mobileye takes fight to Google in autonomous cars". Financial Times. ISSN 0307-1766. Retrieved 2016-02-24. 
^ "InstallerNet to handle installation of Mobileye systems". Fleet Owner. Fleet Owner. Apr 14, 2010. Retrieved 2015-01-26. 
^ Rochvarger, Michael; Schmil, Daniel (17 May 2014). "Crash-avoidance Car Firm Mobileye Reportedly Eyes Monster $1b IPO" – via Haaretz. 
^ Rochvarger, Michael; Schmil, Daniel (8 July 2013). "Israeli Startup Mobileye Selling 25% Stake for $400m to Group of Blue-chip Investors". Haaretz. 
^ Lloyd, William. "The Wall Street Journal & Breaking News, Business, Financial and Economic News, World News and Video". Wsj.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "The Mobileye billionaires – Globes English". globes.co.il. Retrieved 18 March 2017. 
^ "Intel's $15.3 Billion Bid For Mobileye Pushes Israeli Investor Into The Billionaire Ranks". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "News". Fleet Europe. 2016-12-14. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [9]
^ Fleet Safety Forum Award Winners Archived December 20, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "2008 Winner's List". Electronicdesign.com. 2008-12-04. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "Frost & Sullivan Press Release". Frost.com. 2006-12-14. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "View Press Release". Allbusiness.com. 2004-12-09. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ [10]
^ "Safe Drive Systems Launches Anti-Collision Technology in U.S. | March 06, 2014". FenderBender. 2014-03-06. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Continental Automotive -Advanced Driver Assistance Systems". Conti-online.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Continental Automotive -Advanced Driver Assistance Systems". Conti-online.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [11]
^ [12]
^ "Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) | NVIDIA DRIVE". NVIDIA. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Overview | Automotive Imaging | OmniVision". Ovt.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "NXP Semiconductors | Automotive, Security, IoT". Freescale.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Solutions | Overview". TI.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS) | Renesas Electronics America". Am.renesas.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Toshiba to supply chips for driver-assist systems- Nikkei Asian Review". Asia.nikkei.com. 2014-09-13. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Products | TOSHIBA Storage & Electronic Devices Solutions Company | Americas". Toshiba.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [13]
^ "Green Hills Platform for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS)". Ghs.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ King, Ian (2014-07-01). "Intel Chases Sales on Silicon Road to Driverless Cars". Bloomberg. 
^ [14]
^ "Qualcomm reveals automotive strategy at CES". Eetindia.co.in. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Connected Wi-Fi, Telematics & Infotainment for Cars". Qualcomm. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "TomTom and Bosch SoftTec team up to deliver advanced driver assistance systems (AMS:TOMTOM)". Corporate.tomtom.com. 2014-09-29. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


Intel



Subsidiaries



3Dlabs
Altera
Comneon
Intel Security
Mobileye
Recon Instruments
Virtutech
Wind River Systems
4Group Holdings (50% owned by Technicolor SA)





Products



Intel AZ210
3D XPoint
Accounts & SSO
Amplify Tablet
Advanced Programmable Interrupt Controller
Cache Acceleration Software
Client Initiated Remote Access
Direct Media Interface
Flexible Display Interface
Hella Zippy
Intel 1103
Intel Display Power Saving Technology
Intel Modular Server System
Intel Reader
Intel SPSH4
Intel System Development Kit
Intel Upgrade Service
Intel740
InTru3D
IXP1200
OFono
Omni-Path
Performance acceleration technology
Shooting Star
Smart Cache
Stable Image Platform
Virtual 8086 mode
WiDi
X25-M
X86
Intel Clear Video
Intel Quick Sync Video





Litigation



Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. v. Intel Corp.
High-Tech Employee Antitrust Litigation
Intel Corp. v. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Intel Corp. v. Hamidi
Intel Corporation Inc. v CPM United Kingdom Ltd
Silvaco Data Systems v. Intel Corp.





People



Gordon Moore
Robert Noyce





Related



Intel Foundation Achievement Award
Apple's transition to Intel processors
Intel Architecture Labs
ASCI Red
BiiN
Classmate PC
Convera Corporation
Copy Exactly!
Cornell Cup USA
Intel Developer Forum
Dynamic video memory technology
Intel Extreme Masters
List of Intel microprocessors
List of Intel graphics processing units (2013 or earlier)
I/O Acceleration Technology
IA-32 Execution Layer
IM Flash Technologies
The Innovators
Inside
Inside Films
Intel ADX
Intel Capital
Intel Cluster Ready
Intel Compute Stick
Intel Ireland
Intel Mobile Communications
Intel Outstanding Researcher Award
Intel SHA extensions
Intel Teach
List of semiconductor fabrication plants
List of Intel manufacturing sites
Intel Museum
OnCue
Intel PRO/Wireless
Intel International Science and Engineering Fair
Regeneron Science Talent Search
Simple Firmware Interface
Single-chip Cloud Computer
Software Guard Extensions
Supervisor Mode Access Prevention
Tarari
Intel Technology Journal
Intel Tera-Scale
Timeline of Intel
Xircom












v
t
e


 Automotive industry in Israel






Automotive industry
Economy of Israel
Transportation in Israel





Current manufacturers



AIL
Carmor
Ha'argaz
MDT
Merkavim
Plasan Sasa
Rafael
Soltam Systems
Tomcar





Defunct manufacturers



Autocars Co.
Better Place
Kaiser-Ilin Industries





Components



Alliance Tire
Ashot Ashkelon
ERM Telematics
Mobileye
Raval ACS
Tadir-Gan





Related topics



AutoMotor(Auto Show)
Israeli Highways
National Roads Company of Israel










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mobileye&oldid=788018201"					
Categories: Automotive safety technologiesAutomotive electronicsAutomotive technology tradenamesIsraeli brandsCommercial computer vision systemsArtificial intelligence applicationsCompanies of IsraelCompanies established in 1999Autonomous carsIntelligent transportation systemsVehicle technologyWarning systemsCompanies based in JerusalemCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeIntel acquisitionsMergers and acquisitions of Israeli companiesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2017Articles with dead external links from November 2011Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2015Articles with unsourced statements from January 2013All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from January 2014 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisעברית日本語Русский 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 June 2017, at 00:30.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mobileye - Wikipedia






















 






Mobileye

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Mobileye N.V.





U.S. Ambassador visiting Mobileye in Har Hotzvim Technology park




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: MBLY


Industry
Automotive


Founded
1999; 18 years ago (1999)
Jerusalem


Founder
Ziv Aviram
Amnon Shashua


Headquarters
Jerusalem[note 1][1][2]



Key people

Ziv Aviram,
(President)
Amnon Shashua
(Chairman and CTO)


Revenue
USD 358.16 million (2016)



Operating income

USD 120.94 million (2016)



Net income

USD 108.37 million (2016)


Total assets
USD 780.38 million (2016)


Total equity
USD 698.41 million (2016)



Number of employees

663 (2016)


Parent
Intel


Website
mobileye.com


Mobileye is an Israeli technology company that develops vision-based advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS) providing warnings for collision prevention and mitigation. Mobileye N.V. headquarters and main R&D centre is located in Jerusalem operating under the company name Mobileye Vision Technology Ltd.[3] The company has also sales and marketing offices in Jericho, New York; Shanghai, China; Tokyo, Japan and Düsseldorf, Germany.
In March 2017, Intel announced that they had agreed to a US$15.3 billion takeover of Mobileye.[4] The deal is expected to be the largest exit in Israel's high-tech industry to date. [5]




A MobileEye EyeQ2 chip used in a Hyundai Lane Guidance camera module.





Contents


1 History
2 Company timeline
3 Technologies

3.1 Aftermarket


4 Investments
5 Awards
6 Competition
7 See also
8 Notes
9 References
10 External links



History[edit]
Mobileye N.V. was founded in 1999 by Amnon Shashua (a researcher of the Hebrew University), when he evolved his academic research into a technical solution for a vision system which could detect vehicles using only a camera and software algorithms on a processor.[6] After receiving a license to use the technology which was owned by Yissum it was possible to incorporate the company. Together with Ziv Aviram, he set up the company's R&D headquarters in Jerusalem, Israel.
At first, the company developed algorithms, and a processor chip called the EyeQ chip. All of Mobileye’s proprietary image processing algorithms run on the EyeQ chip. After years of testing, the chip and software algorithms began to be sold as commercial products to original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers. The company’s first clients were automotive manufacturers such as BMW, General Motors and Volvo. These companies electronics suppliers integrated Mobileye’s technologies into the companies' cars, at first as an optional accessory when buying a new car, and later as a standard option in new cars.[7]
In 2006, Mobileye set up an aftermarket department, which sells finished products manufactured by Mobileye at their Philippines factory, IMI. The aftermarket products are sold to an international network of distributors on all continents who sell the products to fleets of trucks and buses, to car dealerships, and to car accessory shops.[8]
In August 2015, Tesla Motors announced that it is using Mobileye's technology to enable its self-drive solution, which would be incorporated into Model S cars from August 2015.[9] After the first deadly crash of a self-driving Model S with active Autopilot became public in June 2016, Mobileye issued a statement that its technology won't be able to recognize a crossing trailer (which was the cause of the accident) until 2018.[10] In July 2016, Mobileye announced the end of its partnership with Tesla after the EyeQ3.[11][12] EyeQ is used in over 15 million vehicles sold as of 2017.[13]
In January 2017, Mobileye, BMW and Intel announced that they were developing a test fleet of autonomous vehicles that would be on the road in the second half of 2017.[14] The companies plan to develop autonomous vehicles for the consumer market by 2021.[15] In March 2017, Intel announced their recent deals to buy Mobileye for $15.3 billion.[16]
Company timeline[edit]

1999: Mobileye NV co-founded by Mr. Ziv Aviram and Prof. Amnon Shashua[17]
1999 (June): Introduction of the first generation Live Demonstration System
1999: Mobileye received a license from Yissum to be able to use the technology.
2000: Introduction of the second generation Live Demonstration System
2001 (February): Introduction of the third generation Live Demonstration System
2001 (May): Introduction of the fourth generation Live Demonstration System
2002: Introduction of the fifth generation Live Demonstration System for Multi-Vision Applications
2003: Mobileye and Denso sign cooperation agreement
2003: Mobileye and Delphi sign cooperation agreement
2004: Introduction of the first generation EyeQTM System-on-a-Chip (SoC)
2004: Mobileye and SVDO/Continental sign a development agreement
2005: Mobileye and ST Microelectrionics sign a chip manufacture and development partnership agreement[18]
2006: Introduction of the sixth generation Live Demonstration System for Pedestrian Detection
2006: Introduction of Mobileye's Aftermarket Department
2006 (July): Mobileye and Magna Electronics announce partnership to develop advanced automotive driver assistance features[19]
2007: U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs invests $100 million in Mobileye[20]
2007: Mobileye launches multiple series productions for LDW on GM Cadillac STS and DTS vehicles,[21] for LDW on BMW 5 and 6 Series vehicles[22] and for radar-vision fusion for enhanced Adaptive Cruise Control with Collision Mitigation by Braking on Volvo S80, XC90/70/60 and V70 vehicles[23]
2007: Introduction of the Mobileye Advanced Warning System providing a world's first Aftermarket system featuring functions of lane and vehicle Detection running on a single processor[24]
2008 (September): Mobileye and Continental launch a world's first combination of multiple functions of Lane Departure Warning, Intelligent Highbeam Control and Traffic Sign Recognition on the BMW 7 series[25]
2008: Introduction of the second generation EyeQ2TM System-on-a-Chip (SoC)[26]
2009: Mobileye and Visteon sign cooperation agreement [27]
2010: U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs, Leumi Partners and Menora Mivtachim Holdings Ltd. invest $37 million in Mobileye[28]
2010: Mobileye launches newest aftermarket product, the C2-270 Collision Prevention System, with vehicle, pedestrian, bicycle, and motorcycle detection capabilities.[29]
2010: Mobileye launches a world-first vision based Pedestrian Forward Collision Warning as part of a radar-vision 'automatic emergency braking system' with Delphi and Volvo on the S60 saloon and V60 estate
2010: Mobileye launches Lane Keeping and Support (LKAS) on two HKMC vehicles (Hyundai i40 and Kia Optima) for US and European introduction.
2011: Mobileye launches the world's first vision only based forward collision warning system (bundled with multiple other functions of LDW IHC and TSR) on the 2011 BMW 1 series
2011: Mobileye launches the world's first vision only based U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) compliant Forward Collision Warning system and lane departure warning system combination on multiple GM vehicles – Chevrolet Equinox and GMC Terrain.
2011: Mobileye launches multi functional bundles including vision based FCW on the Opel Zafira and Opel Insignia.
2014: Mobileye launched its IPO on the NYSE which was the biggest Israeli IPO ever in the US raising approx. $1B at a market cap of $5.3B[30]
2017: Acquired by Intel for $15B [31]

Technologies[edit]
The firm's technology is based on the use of optical vision systems with motion detection algorithms, unlike many other systems which use a combination of visual detection, radar, and laser scanning. The firm's vehicle detection algorithms recognize motorised vehicles such as cars, motorcycles and trucks, in day and night time conditions.[citation needed] The firm's version performs its vehicle detection based functions using a single camera mounted in the rear view mirror, unlike the usual approach of using radars, laser scanners or in some cases stereo-cameras.[32]
In 2011 the firm introduced the world's first OEM production of vision-only forward collision warning system (NHTSA compliant) on multiple BMW, GM and Opel vehicles.[citation needed]
Lane departure warning systems are in-vehicle electronic systems that monitor the position of a vehicle within a roadway lane and warn a driver if the vehicle deviates or is about to deviate outside the lane. Mobileye's version was launched in multiple production platforms through 2007 and 2008 with GM, BMW and Volvo.[citation needed]
The firm's pedestrian detection technology is based on the use of mono cameras only, using pattern recognition and classifiers with image processing and optic flow analysis. Both static and moving pedestrians can be detected to a range of around 30m using VGA resolution imagers.[citation needed] The firm announced in 2008 that by mid-2010 they would launch a world's first application of full emergency braking for collision mitigation for pedestrians. Mobileye announced in May 2009 as part of the next generation Volvo radar-vision fusion system which also provides lane departure warning and vehicle detection with radar-vision fusion for an enhanced collision mitigation by braking system on the next Volvo S60 vehicle.[33][unreliable source?]
Since 2008, BMW 7-Series cars are equipped with the Mobileye traffic sign recognition systems, developed in cooperation with automotive supplier Continental AG.[34]
Adaptive highbeam systems automatically raises and lowering the high beams without inconveniencing oncoming or preceding traffic. The firm's version, Intelligent Headlight Control, is in production on the BMW 7 series.[35]
In 2011, the firm introduced multi-functional bundles including vision based FCW on the Opel Zafira and Opel Insignia.
In 2016, Mobileye announced a deal to work with Renault Nissan on digital maps that will help the automaker’s move towards driverless cars.[36]
Aftermarket[edit]
Since 2007 the firm has offered a range of aftermarket vision based ADAS systems, based on the same core technology as for production models. They currently offer lane departure warning, forward collision warning, headway monitoring and warning, low speed urban collision warning, intelligent headlamp control, speed limit indication (tsr) and pedestrian collision warning (including bicycles). These systems have also been integrated with fleet management systems.[37]
Investments[edit]
Between 2007 and 2011 the company raised $160 million. In 2013 the company sold 25% of its private shares for $400 million to a group of blue-chip investors.[38][39][40] One of Mobileye's biggest investors was Colmobil CEO Shmuel Harlap, who held a 7.2% stake. [41] Following the acquisition, he'll become Israel's newest billionaire, joining co-founders Amnon Shashua and Ziv Aviram in the billionaire's club.[42]
Awards[edit]

International Fleet Industry Award, Fleet Europe, November 2013 [43]
International Fleet Industry Award, Fleet Europe, October 2011.[44]
Fleet Safety Forum Award for Excellence in the UK, for the Fleet Safety Product category, for the Mobileye C2-170 safety system.[45] Brake – Road Safety Charity -, July 2009.
Best Electronic Design 2008 for Best Automotive Design, for the EyeQ2 Vision Processor.[46] Electronic Design, December 2008.
Entrepreneurial Company of the Year Award in the Automotive Industry. Frost & Sullivan, December 2006.[47]
Selected for the Top 100 Innovators Award. Red Herring Magazine, December 2005.[48]

Competition[edit]
Mobileye faces competition from Tier 1 automotive suppliers as well as from other technology companies, including potentially Google.[49] There is also an increasing competition on the after-market space from radar-based systems manufacturers, such as Safe Drive Systems and others.[50] Other competitors developing ADAS technology include Cognitive Technologies, Continental AG,[51][52] Bosch,[53][54] NVIDIA,[55] OmniVision Technologies,[56] Freescale,[57] Texas Instruments,[58][59] Toshiba,[60][61] Renesas Electronics Corp., Denso,[62] Green Hills Software,[63] Intel[64][65] (not a competition after the acquisition of Mobileye by Intel), Qualcomm,[66][67] and TomTom.[68]
See also[edit]

Science and technology in Israel
Economy of Israel
Start-up Nation

Notes[edit]



^ The Jerusalem Law states that "Jerusalem, complete and united, is the capital of Israel" and the city serves as the seat of the government, home to the President's residence, government offices, supreme court, and parliament. United Nations Security Council Resolution 478 (20 August 1980; 14–0, U.S. abstaining) declared the Jerusalem Law "null and void" and called on member states to withdraw their diplomatic missions from Jerusalem. The United Nations and all member nations refuse to accept the Jerusalem Law (see Kellerman 1993, p. 140) and maintain their embassies in other cities such as Tel Aviv, Ramat Gan, and Herzliya (see the CIA Factbook and Map of Israel). The U.S. Congress subsequently adopted the Jerusalem Embassy Act, which said that the U.S. embassy should be relocated to Jerusalem and that it should be recognized as the capital of Israel. However, the US Justice Department Office of Legal Counsel concluded that the provisions of the act "invade exclusive presidential authorities in the field of foreign affairs and are unconstitutional". Since passage of the act, all presidents serving in office have determined that moving forward with the relocation would be detrimental to U.S. national security concerns and opted to issue waivers suspending any action on this front. The Palestinian Authority sees East Jerusalem as the capital of a future Palestinian state. The city's final status awaits future negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority (see "Negotiating Jerusalem," Palestine–Israel Journal). See Positions on Jerusalem for more information.



References[edit]


^ United Nations News Centre (28 October 2009). "Jerusalem must be capital of both Israel and Palestine, Ban says". UN News Centre. Retrieved 30 July 2015. 
^ "Basic Law: Jerusalem, Capital of Israel". Knesset. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ "MOBILEYE VISION TECHNOLOGIES LTD | Israel Company Reports – Search Israeli Companies". www.israelbizreg.com. Retrieved 2016-10-06. 
^ "Intel buys driverless car technology firm Mobileye". BBC. 13 March 2017. Retrieved 13 March 2017. 
^ מובילאיי (2017-03-13). "אינטל מאשרת את חשיפת TheMarker: תרכוש את מובילאיי ב-15.3 מיליארד דולר – שוק ההון". TheMarker. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [1]
^ Sarah, Viva (2014-03-23). "What drives Israel’s serial entrepreneurs?". ISRAEL21c. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ NYC taxis to be a little safer, thanks to Mobileye: Israeli road safety alert system is being installed in New York cabs to help their operators drive more safely, David Shamah , Times of Israel 15 June 2015
^ Mobileye’s Tech Powers Tesla Model NoCamels News 23 August 2015
^ Tesla and Mobileye disagree on lack of emergency braking in deadly Autopilot crash, on The Verge, July 1, 2016
^ Bhuiyan, Johana (26 July 2016). "In the wake of a fatal crash, Tesla will quit using Mobileye's chips for Autopilot vision". ReCode. Retrieved 26 July 2016. 
^ Korosec, Kristen (26 July 2016). "Mobileye Is Ending Its Relationship With Tesla on Future Self-Driving Car Tech". Fortune. Retrieved 26 July 2016. 
^ "Mobileye and Intel join forces". The Economist. Retrieved 2017-04-01. 
^ "BMW Group, Intel and Mobileye will have autonomous test vehicles on the roads by the second half of 2017" (PDF). 4 January 2017. 
^ Ohnsman, Alan. "Mobileye Wants To Teach Your Robotic Car To Merge In Heavy Boston Traffic". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ Sharma, Rakesh (2017-03-13). "Intel Buys Mobileye for $15.3B". Investopedia. Retrieved 2017-03-13. 
^ "Mobileye's LinkedIn Profile". Linkedin.com. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ View ST Microelectronics Press Release Archived September 22, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ [2][dead link]
^ Gabay, Eran (2008-04-02). "Goldman Sachs investing $100m in startup Mobileye". Haaretz.com. Archived from the original on 2008-09-17. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "View PRNewswire Press Release". Newswiretoday.com. 2008-01-15. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ [3][dead link]
^ [4][dead link]
^ "View News Wire Today". Newswiretoday.com. 2008-03-24. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "View High Beam News Article". Highbeam.com. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ View STMicroelectronics Press Release Archived October 23, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ [5][dead link]
^ [6][dead link]
^ [7]
^ Coppola, Gabrielle (2014-07-31). "Mobileye Raises $890 Million as Largest Israeli IPO in the U.S". Bloomberg. 
^ "Intel acquisition of Mobileye". Intelandmobileye.transactionannouncement.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Mobileye 560 Review | Goshers Blind Spot Detection System". Consumer Reports. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ Administrator, Cars (2009-10-14). "Cars.co.za: Volvo Cars tests new, unique safety technology in Copenhagen – in a disguised S60 prototype". Carszainfo.blogspot.com. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ [8]
^ "BMW 7 Series and its amazing Headlights System - AutoSpies Auto News". Autospies.com. 2008-12-10. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ Reed, John; Ahmed, Murad (2016-02-24). "Mobileye takes fight to Google in autonomous cars". Financial Times. ISSN 0307-1766. Retrieved 2016-02-24. 
^ "InstallerNet to handle installation of Mobileye systems". Fleet Owner. Fleet Owner. Apr 14, 2010. Retrieved 2015-01-26. 
^ Rochvarger, Michael; Schmil, Daniel (17 May 2014). "Crash-avoidance Car Firm Mobileye Reportedly Eyes Monster $1b IPO" – via Haaretz. 
^ Rochvarger, Michael; Schmil, Daniel (8 July 2013). "Israeli Startup Mobileye Selling 25% Stake for $400m to Group of Blue-chip Investors". Haaretz. 
^ Lloyd, William. "The Wall Street Journal & Breaking News, Business, Financial and Economic News, World News and Video". Wsj.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "The Mobileye billionaires – Globes English". globes.co.il. Retrieved 18 March 2017. 
^ "Intel's $15.3 Billion Bid For Mobileye Pushes Israeli Investor Into The Billionaire Ranks". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "News". Fleet Europe. 2016-12-14. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [9]
^ Fleet Safety Forum Award Winners Archived December 20, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "2008 Winner's List". Electronicdesign.com. 2008-12-04. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "Frost & Sullivan Press Release". Frost.com. 2006-12-14. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ "View Press Release". Allbusiness.com. 2004-12-09. Retrieved 2011-11-13. 
^ [10]
^ "Safe Drive Systems Launches Anti-Collision Technology in U.S. | March 06, 2014". FenderBender. 2014-03-06. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Continental Automotive -Advanced Driver Assistance Systems". Conti-online.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Continental Automotive -Advanced Driver Assistance Systems". Conti-online.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [11]
^ [12]
^ "Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) | NVIDIA DRIVE". NVIDIA. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Overview | Automotive Imaging | OmniVision". Ovt.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "NXP Semiconductors | Automotive, Security, IoT". Freescale.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Solutions | Overview". TI.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS) | Renesas Electronics America". Am.renesas.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Toshiba to supply chips for driver-assist systems- Nikkei Asian Review". Asia.nikkei.com. 2014-09-13. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Products | TOSHIBA Storage & Electronic Devices Solutions Company | Americas". Toshiba.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ [13]
^ "Green Hills Platform for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS)". Ghs.com. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ King, Ian (2014-07-01). "Intel Chases Sales on Silicon Road to Driverless Cars". Bloomberg. 
^ [14]
^ "Qualcomm reveals automotive strategy at CES". Eetindia.co.in. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "Connected Wi-Fi, Telematics & Infotainment for Cars". Qualcomm. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 
^ "TomTom and Bosch SoftTec team up to deliver advanced driver assistance systems (AMS:TOMTOM)". Corporate.tomtom.com. 2014-09-29. Retrieved 2017-03-18. 


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


Intel



Subsidiaries



3Dlabs
Altera
Comneon
Intel Security
Mobileye
Recon Instruments
Virtutech
Wind River Systems
4Group Holdings (50% owned by Technicolor SA)





Products



Intel AZ210
3D XPoint
Accounts & SSO
Amplify Tablet
Advanced Programmable Interrupt Controller
Cache Acceleration Software
Client Initiated Remote Access
Direct Media Interface
Flexible Display Interface
Hella Zippy
Intel 1103
Intel Display Power Saving Technology
Intel Modular Server System
Intel Reader
Intel SPSH4
Intel System Development Kit
Intel Upgrade Service
Intel740
InTru3D
IXP1200
OFono
Omni-Path
Performance acceleration technology
Shooting Star
Smart Cache
Stable Image Platform
Virtual 8086 mode
WiDi
X25-M
X86
Intel Clear Video
Intel Quick Sync Video





Litigation



Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. v. Intel Corp.
High-Tech Employee Antitrust Litigation
Intel Corp. v. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Intel Corp. v. Hamidi
Intel Corporation Inc. v CPM United Kingdom Ltd
Silvaco Data Systems v. Intel Corp.





People



Gordon Moore
Robert Noyce





Related



Intel Foundation Achievement Award
Apple's transition to Intel processors
Intel Architecture Labs
ASCI Red
BiiN
Classmate PC
Convera Corporation
Copy Exactly!
Cornell Cup USA
Intel Developer Forum
Dynamic video memory technology
Intel Extreme Masters
List of Intel microprocessors
List of Intel graphics processing units (2013 or earlier)
I/O Acceleration Technology
IA-32 Execution Layer
IM Flash Technologies
The Innovators
Inside
Inside Films
Intel ADX
Intel Capital
Intel Cluster Ready
Intel Compute Stick
Intel Ireland
Intel Mobile Communications
Intel Outstanding Researcher Award
Intel SHA extensions
Intel Teach
List of semiconductor fabrication plants
List of Intel manufacturing sites
Intel Museum
OnCue
Intel PRO/Wireless
Intel International Science and Engineering Fair
Regeneron Science Talent Search
Simple Firmware Interface
Single-chip Cloud Computer
Software Guard Extensions
Supervisor Mode Access Prevention
Tarari
Intel Technology Journal
Intel Tera-Scale
Timeline of Intel
Xircom












v
t
e


 Automotive industry in Israel






Automotive industry
Economy of Israel
Transportation in Israel





Current manufacturers



AIL
Carmor
Ha'argaz
MDT
Merkavim
Plasan Sasa
Rafael
Soltam Systems
Tomcar





Defunct manufacturers



Autocars Co.
Better Place
Kaiser-Ilin Industries





Components



Alliance Tire
Ashot Ashkelon
ERM Telematics
Mobileye
Raval ACS
Tadir-Gan





Related topics



AutoMotor(Auto Show)
Israeli Highways
National Roads Company of Israel










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mobileye&oldid=788018201"					
Categories: Automotive safety technologiesAutomotive electronicsAutomotive technology tradenamesIsraeli brandsCommercial computer vision systemsArtificial intelligence applicationsCompanies of IsraelCompanies established in 1999Autonomous carsIntelligent transportation systemsVehicle technologyWarning systemsCompanies based in JerusalemCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeIntel acquisitionsMergers and acquisitions of Israeli companiesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2017Articles with dead external links from November 2011Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2015Articles with unsourced statements from January 2013All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from January 2014 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisעברית日本語Русский 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 June 2017, at 00:30.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Mobileye N.V.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 6:07 PM ET
Software

Company Overview of Mobileye N.V.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Mobileye N.V., together with its subsidiaries, develops computer vision and machine learning-based sensing products, mapping and driving policy technology solutions for advanced driver assistance systems, and autonomous driving technologies. It operates through two segments, Original Equipment Manufacturing and After Market. The company’s sensing products detect vehicles, pedestrians, and general objects, as well as detects roadway markings, such as lanes, road boundaries, barriers, and similar items; identifies and reads traffic signs, directional signs, and traffic lights; and provides mapping for autonomous driving. Its sensing products and technologies also creates a RoadBook of localize...
Mobileye N.V., together with its subsidiaries, develops computer vision and machine learning-based sensing products, mapping and driving policy technology solutions for advanced driver assistance systems, and autonomous driving technologies. It operates through two segments, Original Equipment Manufacturing and After Market. The company’s sensing products detect vehicles, pedestrians, and general objects, as well as detects roadway markings, such as lanes, road boundaries, barriers, and similar items; identifies and reads traffic signs, directional signs, and traffic lights; and provides mapping for autonomous driving. Its sensing products and technologies also creates a RoadBook of localized drivable paths and visual landmarks using proprietary Road Experience Management technology; and provides proprietary software algorithms and EyeQ chips that perform interpretations of the visual field to anticipate possible collisions with other vehicles, pedestrians, cyclists, animals, debris, and other obstacles. In addition, the company provides enhanced cruise control, pre-lighting of brake lights, and Bluetooth connectivity, as well as related smartphone application. It serves original equipment manufacturers, tier 1 system integrators, fleets and fleet management systems providers, insurance companies, leasing companies, and others through distributors and resellers in the United States, Europe, Asia, and South America. Mobileye N.V. was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Jerusalem, Israel.
Detailed Description


Har Hotzvim13 Hartom StreetPO Box 45157Jerusalem,  9777513IsraelFounded in 1999663 Employees



Phone: 972 2 541 7333

www.mobileye.com







Key Executives for Mobileye N.V.




Mr. Ziv  Aviram


      	Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director
      


Age: 58
        

Total Annual Compensation: $125.0K








Prof. Amnon Shashua


      	Co-Founder, Executive Chairman and Chief Technology Officer
      


Age: 57
        

Total Annual Compensation: $125.0K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Mobileye N.V. Key Developments

Mobileye N.V. Announces Amendments to the Articles of Association
Jun 13 17
Mobileye N.V. announced that certain amendments to the articles of association of the company will become effective after the closing of the offer by Cyclops Holdings, LLC.


Mobileye N.V. Appoints PricewaterhouseCoopers N.V. as Independent Public Accountants
Jun 13 17
Mobileye N.V. at the Annual General Meeting of shareholders held on June 13, 2017, approved the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers N.V. to serve as the company's independent public accountants for the current year.


Mobileye N.V. Announces Executive Changes
Jun 13 17
Mobileye N.V. announced at the AGM held on June 13, 2017, the shareholders appointed Tiffany D. Silva bas executive director, David J. Miles as executive director, Nicholas J. Hudson as non-executive director, Mark L. Legaspi as non-executive director and Gary Kershaw as non-executive director of the company, for a three-year term of office ending at the close of the annual general meeting of shareholders to be held in the third calendar year during which such person becomes a non-executive director.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 2 to 3D Middle East/Africa 3GVision Ltd. Middle East/Africa 3pen Group Middle East/Africa 7 Elements Inc. Middle East/Africa A.A.A. Taranis-Visual Ltd. Middle East/Africa




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      March 13, 2017
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Mobileye N.V., please visit www.mobileye.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






































Mobileye | Autonomous Driving & ADAS (Advanced Driver Assistance Systems)





























































Skip to main content















In the News
Press Room
Events
Careers



Language


















Sensing the Future.
Intel to Acquire Mobileye
Find Out More













 


Mobileye CEO Ziv Aviram Explores the Future of Driverless Cars at YPO Edge 2017


 




 


DLD 17 - Autonomous Driving: Unexpected Opportunities Ahead
Fully autonomous cars are the next big thing in the automotive industry. BMW Group, Intel and Mobileye are creating an open platform for these next generations of cars.

 




 


Mobileye's Press Conference at CES 2017
Autonomous Driving: A.I., Logistics and Partnerships 
Watch it Here 


 




 


Mobileye & BMW Press Event
Mobileye, the BMW Group and Intel announced that a fleet of approximately 40 autonomous test vehicles will be on the roads by the second half of 2017.

 




 


Roadshow review of Delphi – Mobileye self-driving car at CES 2017
Watch the real-world demo of Delphi and Mobileye's self-driving car on Las Vegas roads at CES 2017.

 




 


CES 2017 Press Conference - Q&A 


 

 


 
 


 











Future of Mobility
"If you ask me whether an autonomous vehicle will become commonplace, my unequivocal answer is yes, there's no question about it. The technology is almost there, the world is almost there, there's an economic motive for getting there, and drivers will slowly start to get used to the idea that you can get rid of the boring task of driving." – Amnon Shashua, CTO and Co-Founder of Mobileye
Read more















Our Technology
From the beginning, hardware and software have lived under one roof at Mobileye. Our 450+ engineers are dedicated to continuing our 17 year tradition of leveraging the newest technology, including AI, deep learning and crowdsourcing, to create the hardware and software needed to help our 27 OEM partners enable ADAS systems and eventually fully autonomous vehicles.
Read more


Watch Prof. Amnon Shashua on Our Unique Technology













In Numbers




25+
Global automakers rely on Mobileye technology to make their vehicles safer


15M+
Vehicles worldwide are equipped with Mobileye technology


13
Automakers are working with Mobileye to enable autonomous driving








Autonomous in Action

















Pillars of Autonomous Driving
Only the Combination of the Three Will Make Autonomous Driving a Reality 








Sensing
Mobileye produces software that conducts sensor fusion - interpreting data from camera sensors as well as radar and LiDAR sensors. We use an innovative and proprietary set of algorithms to detect objects and the safe path forward. This Environmental Model is the primary source of information to support the system's decision-making.





Mapping
Autonomous vehicles will require many system redundancies to deal with unforeseen circumstances. A high-definition map is required for precise localization of the vehicle, relative to road boundaries and intersections, under all conditions. Mobileye's Road Experience Management (REM™), which uses crowd-sourcing, is a unique, low-cost solution for building and rapidly updating this HD map.





Driving Policy
Once an autonomous vehicle can sense the scene around it and localize itself on a map, the final piece allowing it to share the road with human drivers is Driving Policy. Sensing, Mapping, and powerful computing platforms give the vehicle super-human sight and reaction times. Mobileye's Reinforcement Learning for Driving Policy will provide the human-like intuition and behavior required to analyze multivariable situations and negotiate with human drivers.






 



Contact Us



































Investor/Analyst
Journalist
OEM (vehicle manufacturer) / Tier 1 (supplier to vehicle manufacturer)
Potential Mobileye Distributor/Reseller
Consumer looking to purchase Mobileye for my personal car
Fleet manager wanting to learn how Mobileye can improve my fleet's safety
Government
Looking for Tech Support
Applying for a Job






Submit









Choose Country





































MOBILEYE N.V. | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Computer Software Industry Report

















MOBILEYE N.V.Company Information

13 HartomJerusalem, Israel+972-25417333 †

Top 3 Competitors

Robert Bosch Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung
DELPHI AUTOMOTIVE SYSTEMS, LLC



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

MOBILEYE N.V. Company Profile
Investment offices, nec
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional MOBILEYE N.V. Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Strategy & Planning

Identify new market opportunities and new strategies for existing markets.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Jerusalem, Israel
Computer Software







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Safe Drive Systems | Collision Avoidance System










































 





































































Safe Drive Systems



CALL NOW
1-855-604-6525


 




Safe Drive Systems



1-855-604-6525


 


Get The RD-140 With Free Installation Today & Up To $250 Insurance Rebate.
Call Now 855.604.6525. You Only Got One Life Keep It.

 





 





Day or Night, Rain or Shine…




Our mission is to keep you and your family safe on the road.




Safe Drive Systems (SDS) is a leading developer and distributor of collision avoidance and lane departure warning systems. We’re proud to be the only company in the U.S. to offer aftermarket collision avoidance technology that’s both radar and camera-based, offering drivers the highest level of protection available. Our team of engineers is dedicated to providing cutting-edge safety systems that are reliable, affordable, and user friendly. Our RD-140 collision avoidance system is specifically designed to prevent or reduce the severity of an accident by monitoring both how far away the vehicle in front of you is and how close your vehicle is to an unintended lane departure.

 





 

















Your 360 DEGREES EXPERIENCE

 


 


 





Safe drive systems social media & testimonials feed

 


                   Fariborz Sepehrnia   "I had one installed on my car last week and I love it… just today stopped me from hitting the front gate"               Richard Allen   "I have the SDS for a couple days now. All I have to say is, I can’t image how I have lived without this system in my car"               Hector Mendez   "Just got this RD safe drive system on my 2002 VW passat and it awsome worth every $$$ peace of mind Safety first A+++ Best thing ever made when it’s come to safety…"               Fariborz Sepehrnia   "I had one installed on my car last week and I love it… just today stopped me from hitting the front gate"               Richard Allen   "I have the SDS for a couple days now. All I have to say is, I can’t image how I have lived without this system in my car"               Hector Mendez   "Just got this RD safe drive system on my 2002 VW passat and it awsome worth every $$$ peace of mind Safety first A+++ Best thing ever made when it’s come to safety…"       


 





90%




of rear-end collisions
can be avoided with 1.5 second early warning.

 


80%




of car accidents are caused by driver inattention.

 


60%




of road accident
fatalities are due to lane
departure.

  








The best way to avoid a car accident
is to prevent it!

 










Display unit provides advanced visual and audio warnings

 







Radar scans the road 20 times per second

 







Lane departure warning 0.5 sec before crossing lane

  









Press about us

 








On a recent trip covering everything from local streets to open interstates to stop and go highway traffic, the system performed flawlessly, sometimes surprising me when a driver unexpectedly cut in front in New York City traffic





Collision-avoidance technology is no longer the domain of expensive luxury cars or high-end trim levels — or even new cars, for that matter. Safe Drive Systems can outfit aftermarket basic forward collision and lane-departure warning systems on most cars from model year 2000 and later.





The system can be easily fitted in any car model from year 2000, which is a good news for those who cannot afford a new car but would like to have safety tools in their vehicle. 




























 










			Array            



 













CALL NOW & GET UP TO
$250 INSURANCE REBATE







CALL  855-604-6525






			X            




































































Goldman Sachs | Stories of Progress | Mobileye





















































































Search





 

          twitter 
         

 @GoldmanSachs 
 @GSCareers 
 @GS10KWomen 
 @GS10KSmallBiz 
 
 

          linkedin 
         

 
 

          gplus 
         

 
 

          youtube 
         

 


















+ more






Progress is when a company discovers a visionary technology and millions of drivers are safer on the road.
Mobileye

 










 Your browser does not support HTML5 video. 
        
 









New Orleans
See how Goldman Sachs is helping revitalize New Orleans.









Western & Southern Financial Group







Progress Campaign
Goldman Sachs commits people, capital and ideas to help our clients and the communities we serve to grow.



  Overview  
  Western & Southern  
  Mobileye  
  New Orleans  
  DC Water  








  Mobileye [3:25] 



Additional Videos You Might Be Interested In

   Western & Southern  
   New Orleans  
   DC Water   
   Mobileye [3:25]  



Replay
 









Now playing
Levi's Stadium · 03:13




+ more




Up next
Brooklyn Navy Yard · 03:02
Read more








 See how Goldman Sachs is helping Mobileye change driving.














+ more




Mobileye
A Vision for Safer Driving
 When Mobileye discovered a way to bring artificial intelligence to automotive safety, Goldman Sachs saw the potential early on, helping them raise capital through a strategic investment and later, the largest IPO for an Israeli Company in the US. Mobileye’s technology has continued to evolve—helping drivers see and avoid more obstacles and hazardous conditions, enabling automakers to build safer cars and potentially saving the lives of millions of people around the world.


Location
Jerusalem, Israel
Proprietary Technology
EyeQ®
IPO
$1 Billion






















+ more


The Beginning
A Breakthrough Over 15 Years in the Making
In the late ‘90s, when Professor Amnon Shashua gave a lecture to automakers, he had an unconventional idea he knew could potentially change the industry. So he teamed up with friend and business partner, Ziv Aviram, and launched Mobileye. Over the next 15 years, Mobileye developed a simple, cost-effective, single-camera system that would act as a driver’s “third eye”. The camera could see and interpret the driving scene, sending alerts for hazardous conditions and later, automatically braking to avoid them. Now, with over a million miles of data and advancements, Mobileye’s technologies are leading the industry and helping save countless lives around the world.








        When I was a student, we believed that the first platform for artificial intelligence would be robots. Today we know that the first transformative platform for artificial intelligence are cars. 
      
-Prof. Amnon Shashua, Co-Founder, Chairman and CTO, Mobileye











+ more



 

Mobileye is leading a revolution in the automotive industry, developing technology that takes safety beyond seat belts and airbags. See how a simple, cost-efficient camera can now help drivers interpret the road and environment around them, providing warnings and actively engaging the car’s systems to help millions of drivers potentially avoid accidents.
 
 

Mobileye works with 90% of the world’s major auto manufacturers, providing them with a cost-efficient, customizable technology that enables cars to avoid accidents through alerts and, more recently, active intervention.
 
 

A single monocular camera and proprietary system-on-chip called EyeQ enables cars, trucks and buses to detect and interpret the complex driving environment—acting as the driver’s third eye.
 
 

A chip from Mobileye holds algorithms and information that represent thousands of hours of data collected around the world. It constantly evolves to detect more objects and conditions on the road.
 
 

Camera resolution is calibrated at Mobileye’s headquarters in Jerusalem. The technology is rapidly improving even as the cost remains affordable—a major competitive advantage.
 
 

The system scans the driving environment providing real time information, warnings and active intervention for everything from lane departures to vehicle detection.
 
 

Vehicle detection constantly monitors the distance and speed of other vehicles, automatically alerting or even braking to help drivers avoid an accident.
 
 

Pedestrian detection helps cars avoid colliding with those most vulnerable on the road—human beings—processing information on both the speed and distance, and autonomously braking.
 
 

Like the human eye, the technology sees and interprets the entire scene in real time, detecting lane markings, crosswalks, signs, distances, obstacles, vehicles, pedestrians, animals and other dangers in the environment.
 
 

Mobileye is rapidly evolving the technology toward autonomous driving, when the car can actually drive itself.
 
 

Cities, states and local authorities around the world are beginning to work with automakers and Mobileye toward a future where 99% of auto accidents could successfully be avoided.
 



















+ more


Goldman Sachs' Role
Seeing Potential Early On
Goldman Sachs believed in Mobileye’s vision, investing $130 million in 2007. The capital enabled Mobileye to expand its research and capitalize on market opportunities, even as competitors were retracting during difficult market conditions. A follow-on financing in 2013 enabled the company to raise another $400 million. Then in July 2014, Goldman helped Mobileye raise over $1 billion in a record-setting IPO for an Israeli company in the US as investors could now see where the company’s technology was going.








        Mobileye developed the most advanced and the most cost effective system that can understand, through a single camera, the driving scene. 
      
-Ziv Aviram, Co-Founder, President and CEO, Mobileye



















+ more


The Future
Seeing a Safer World
Mobileye is now providing customizable technology platforms to 90% of the world’s automakers—from family cars to sports cars to corporate fleets. And as their technological journey continues, the way we drive will be completely transformed.










Explore More
Stories of Progress

   Western & Southern Financial Group See how Goldman Sachs is collaborating with Western & Southern Financial Group. Read more  
   New Orleans See how Goldman Sachs is helping revitalize New Orleans. Read more  
   DC Water See how Goldman Sachs is helping DC Water. Read more  










Related Content   /
   Our Thinking

Podcast: Cars 2025 – What Will Drive You?
On this episode of Exchanges at Goldman Sachs, Stefan Burgstaller, head of European Automotive Equity Research at Goldman Sachs, discusses the innovations that could define the car of the future.
Listen Now 



Related Content   /
   Our Thinking

Infographic: Cars 2025
Cleaner, smarter, cheaper: Learn about technologies and trends that are reshaping the automobile and the auto industry.
View Infographic 

















