

MobileCause Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 6:06 PM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of MobileCause Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
MobileCause Inc. provides a cloud based fundraising and communication platform that helps users to gain new donors, increase recurring gifts, and engage supporters. Its cloud based platform enables charities, churches, universities, nonprofit organizations, political groups, socially responsible corporations, and philanthropists to raise funds and engage donors through mobile and social channels. The company’s platform offers various tools, including Mobile Pledging that enables causes to receive text donations; Volunteer Fundraiser, a peer to peer mobile fundraising solution that strengthens organizations by empowering volunteers to raise donations; Online Giving that helps users to configu...
MobileCause Inc. provides a cloud based fundraising and communication platform that helps users to gain new donors, increase recurring gifts, and engage supporters. Its cloud based platform enables charities, churches, universities, nonprofit organizations, political groups, socially responsible corporations, and philanthropists to raise funds and engage donors through mobile and social channels. The company’s platform offers various tools, including Mobile Pledging that enables causes to receive text donations; Volunteer Fundraiser, a peer to peer mobile fundraising solution that strengthens organizations by empowering volunteers to raise donations; Online Giving that helps users to configure and embed a mobile responsive donation form on their Websites; and Text to Give that enables organizations to receive text donations that are charged to a phone bill. Its platform also offers tools, such as Mobile Messaging that enables to send mobile messages to engage supporters; Event Thermometer that displays mobile pledges in real time as they are texted by attendees; Smart Data that verifies mobile numbers and find donor data; and mobile subscription tools that empower causes to build mobile messaging lists of opt-in subscribers. MobileCause Inc. was founded in 2006 and is based in Calabasas, California.
Detailed Description


23480 Park SorrentoSuite 100BCalabasas, CA 91302United StatesFounded in 2006



Phone: 310-317-0090

www.mobilecause.com







Key Executives for MobileCause Inc.




Mr. Sean MacNeill


      	Chief Executive Officer and Director
      








Mr. C. Douglas Plank


      	Co-Founder and Chairman 
      


Age: 60
        







Mr. Daniel Scalisi


      	Co-Founder and Senior Vice President of Market Development
      








Ms. Angela Mcintosh


      	Head of Product
      








Ms. Shelley Wenk


      	Head of Customer Success
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

MobileCause Inc. Key Developments

MobileCause Appoints Alan Park as Senior Vice President of Enterprise Sales
Jun 8 17
MobileCause has hired Alan Park to lead the company’s enterprise sales team as Senior Vice President. This key hire comes at a pivotal time in the company’s growth where it has recently received Series B Funding to invest in growth initiatives including product development, customer support and digital marketing services that will help nonprofit organizations enhance their fundraising efforts. Park is a seasoned sales executive coming to MobileCause with a wealth of experience having spent more than 30 years in the software industry and most recently was the Chief Revenue Officer for Affectiva. While at Affectiva, he closed strategic global accounts in new verticals and established global distribution partnerships to accelerate growth. As a highly accomplished sales executive, Alan brings decades of experience identifying industry dynamics and rapidly adapting sales organizations to address unmet needs.


MobileCause Appoints Kristal Bogle as the New Chief Marketing Officer
Mar 30 17
MobileCause announced Kristal Bogle as the company's new Chief Marketing Officer. Kristal will spearhead all aspects of marketing, including branding, product marketing, digital and inbound marketing, events, public relations and communications. She is a respected marketer and thought leader in data-driven marketing, with nearly 20 years of experience.


MobileCause Appoints Tim Kane as Member of Executive Team
Mar 30 17
MobileCause announced that with Tim Kane's leadership as a member of the MobileCause executive team and in his role of Senior Vice President of SMB Sales, he has led exponential growth of the SMB sales team over the first quarter of 2017. A highly accomplished sales professional, Tim brings more than twenty years of industry experience driving new business development and revenue growth.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States .Club Domains LLC United States .Comdaq Corporation United States .Kache Media Management LLC United States @Court United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      December 29, 2016
			    
--



Private Placement

			      November 23, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact MobileCause Inc., please visit www.mobilecause.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























MobileCause Fundraising and Donor Engagement




































 












Call today for a free demo (888) 661-8804

 
 
 









Menu

 








 









Accelerate your fundraising
and donor engagement programs

 

Our mission is to empower nonprofit organizations with
innovative solutions that help them do more good.

 
Get started

 
 
 




Accelerate your fundraising
and donor engagement programs

 

Our mission is to empower nonprofit organizations with innovative solutions that help them do more good.

 
Get started

 
 
 




At MobileCause, your cause is our cause.

 

Our goal is to help nonprofit organizations raise more money for their cause with less time and effort. With MobileCause, fundraisers can better communicate with current donors, acquire new donors, and inspire recurring donations through our suite of solutions that accelerate fundraising and donor engagement programs.

 
 
 
 









Giving and Donor
Engagement
Collect donations, volunteer sign-ups, event registrations, donor surveys, petitions and more from anywhere on any device.
Learn more

 

 
 





Live and Digital
Fundraising Events
Create an exciting moment of giving with a live fundraising thermometer and integrated event registrations, reminders, tickets, and donations.
Learn more

 

 
 





Crowdfunding and Peer-
to-Peer Fundraising
Gain new donors with the most popular form of fundraising for individuals, teams, and corporate partners with campaigns for runs, walks, swims, rides, disaster relief, mission trips, and more.
Learn more

 

 
 





Donor Communication
and Campaign Marketing
Stay connected with donors and promote upcoming campaigns and events across communication channels to drive increased participation and fundraising results.
Learn more

 

 
 





Donor Reporting, Gift Management and Subscriptions
Track, analyze, and import or export your donor data with ease. You can even verify existing mobile numbers, manage recurring gifts, and set up automatic email tax receipts.
Learn more

 

 
 





Credit Card Processing
and Merchant Services
MobileCause is PCI DSS certified for the highest level of donor security. Our unique system allows you to manage all aspects of the donation experience with 0% transaction fees for all donations and payments.
Learn more

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 








United Way
Arrowhead United Way raised more than $2M from over 5000 donors with a one-person staff.
“MobileCause has given our small staff the fundraising tools it needs to have a huge impact in the community.”
Porsche Nichols-McCoy, Director of Resource Development

See examples
 

 
 






Arts and Culture
Inner City Arts CEO raised $16,630 from his friends and family.
“MobileCause makes it as easy as possible for people to give and set up their own fundraising pages.”
Aubrey Woolverton, Giving Manager

See examples
 

 
 






Animal Care
Wildlife SOS raised more than $146,000 in individual donations from over 2350 donors.
“MobileCause makes it easy for our donors to give in the moment from anywhere.”
Kate Schnepel, Development Director

See examples
 

 
 






Faith Based
Faith Farm gained $116,000 more in revenue while saving $45,000 in advertising costs
“MobileCause has helped us lower our costs, increase revenues, and embrace the power of mobile marketing”
Judy Walters, Project Manager

See examples
 

 
 






Healthcare
Int’l Medical Corps raised $365,000 from 157 donors at their annual awards celebration.
“MobileCause makes giving at events exciting! Every single attendee is empowered to become an important part of our mission.”
Shelley Wenk, Communications Specialist

See examples
 

 
 






Higher Education
CSUMB raised $10,090 from students in 36 hours via online, mobile and in-person donations
“MobileCause digital fundraising helped us to reach our goal in just 36 hours. Wow, no one thought we could do it!”
Jennifer Martinez, Major Gift Officer

See examples
 

 
 






Human Services
Food Share raised more than $720,000 from over 2070 donors on their website.
“MobileCause makes it easy for our donors to give with a credit card in response to digital and print campaigns on mobile-friendly forms.”
Jillian Wade, Development Director

See examples
 

 
 






K-12
Westminster Christian Academy families and sponsors raised $156,000 with peer-to-peer fundraising during their Feed the Need campaign.
“We set an ambitious goal to feed hungry children in Haiti and Liberia. With the funds raised our kids packed 30,000 meals in just 6 hours to be shipped overseas.”
WCA Parents

See examples
 

 
 






Social Advocacy
Break the Silence Against Domestic Violence Angel Run raised $45,000 from 414 runners!
“MobileCause has been hands down the best investment our organization has made thus far. Text to give is the easiest way to get donations!”
Kristen Paruginog, Executive Director

See examples
 

 
 






Youth Development
YOUTHrive raised $37,000 with crowdfunding to launch a new program.
“We had a sense of urgency to launch to our program in one month. The convenience of MobileCause helped make this possible.”
Tim Gay, Founder and President

See examples
 

 
 






Salvation Army
Salvation Army of Boise raised $59,000 from over 200 registrants with real-time donations displayed on screen.
“The MobileCause fundraising thermometer is the central element that drives incremental revenue at a live event.”
Angela MacIntosh, Digital Specialist

See examples
 

 
 
 
 
 




Online giving and donor engagement

 

Collect donations, volunteer sign-ups, event registrations, donor surveys, petitions and more from anywhere on any device.
Learn more

 
 




 
 


 
 



Live and digital fundraising events


 

Create an exciting moment of giving with a live fundraising thermometer and integrated event registrations, reminders, tickets, and donations.
Learn more

 
 




 
 


 
 



Crowdfunding and peer-to-peer fundraising

 

Gain new donors with the most popular form of fundraising for individuals, teams, and corporate partners with campaigns for runs, walks, swims, rides, disaster relief, mission trips, and more.
Learn more

 
 




 
 


 
 



Donor communication and marketing


 

Stay connected with donors and promote upcoming campaigns and events across communication channels to drive increased participation and fundraising results.
Learn more

 
 




 
 


 
 



Donor Reporting, Gift Management and Subscriptions


 

Track, analyze, and import or export your donor data with ease. You can even verify existing mobile numbers, manage recurring gifts, and set up automatic email tax receipts.
Learn more

 
 




 
 


 
 



Credit card processing and merchant services


 

MobileCause is PCI DSS certified for the highest level of donor security. Our unique system allows you to manage all aspects of the donation experience with 0% transaction fees for all payments.
Learn more

 
 




 
 
 




Read the latest news and insights

 

There’s always something new happening here. Check out our latest fundraising ideas, company news and free webinar series. You can also subscribe to our blog.

 
 
 



Fundraising Ideas

 

 
 
 
Fundraising Game Plan Steps for Nonprofits [Infographic]
 Jul 26, 2017 Learn the three simple campaign planning steps that will help your organization effectively connect with donors and supporters to maximize results before, during, and after every fundraising event.
read more
 
 
 


Company News

 

 
 
 
MobileCause Announces Q2 2017 Product Release to  Advance Hub for Nonprofit Fundraising and Donor Engagement
 Jul 19, 2017 MobileCause product enhancements consolidate 25 point solutions into a single software platform.
read more
 
 
 


Webinars

 

 
 
 
On-Demand Training Webinar: Building Your Annual Fundraising Game Plan
 Jul 11, 2017 Learn how to build a focused annual fundraising plan that integrates both traditional and digital campaigns.
read more
 
 
 
 
 




We create the campaigns. You focus on running your organization.

 

Our team of digital marketing experts work hands-on with you on each component of your campaign to ensure it has all the elements of success. From identifying fundraising strategies to campaign setup, we’ll partner with you every step of the way so you can achieve your fundraising goals. Learn more

 
 
 





 
 
 
 
 




We create the campaigns. You focus on running your organization.

 

Our team of digital marketing experts work hands-on with you on each component of your campaign to ensure it has all the elements of success. Learn more

 
 
 





 
 
 
 
 
MobileCause Homepage was last modified:  July 11th, 2017 by [email protected]  
 
 






Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




YouTube





Instagram





Login Customer Terms Donor Terms Compliance Privacy Contact
27001 Agoura Road 350A, Calabasas, CA 91301


© 2017 MobileCause | All Rights Reserved 

 

 
 
 


Pin It on Pinterest






















MobileCause





























MobileCause






Log In






Email/Username





Password






Remember Me

Forgot your password?










MobileCause Executive Team
































 












Call today for a free demo (888) 661-8804

 
 
 









Menu

 








 









Meet our Executive Team

 

Our leadership team is a dynamic group of technology, nonprofit and digital marketing experts. Their collective experience offers our customers and employees access to some of the brightest minds in the industry – all sharing the same MobileCause principle of ‘your cause is our cause.’ We work closely with our staff, customers and partners to understand their goals and chart a course towards achieving them. Learn more about them below.

 
 
 






Sean MacNeill
CEO & Board Member
 
 

Read more about Sean

 
 





Dale Bartos
CFO
 
 

Read more about Dale

 
 





Kristal Bogle
Chief Marketing Officer
 
 

Read more about Kristal

 
 
 






Alan Park
Senior Vice President, Enterprise Sales
 
 

Read more about Alan

 
 





Ged Mackey
CTO & CSO
 
 

Read more about Ged

 
 





Daniel Scalisi
Founder and SVP of Strategic Accounts
 
 

Read more about Daniel

 
 
 






Tim Kane
SVP of SMB Sales
 
 

Read more about Tim

 
 





Phil Mueller
SVP of Customer Success
 
 

Read more about Phil

 
 





Christy Noel
VP Digital Marketing Services
 
 

Read more about Christy

 
 
 






Scott Tretsky
VP of Enterprise Sales
 
 

Read more about Scott

 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
MobileCause Executive Team was last modified:  June 9th, 2017 by Jeremy Koenig  
 
 






Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




YouTube





Instagram





Login Customer Terms Donor Terms Compliance Privacy Contact
27001 Agoura Road 350A, Calabasas, CA 91301


© 2017 MobileCause | All Rights Reserved 

 

 
 
 


Pin It on Pinterest





















Event Fundraising: Beginner's Guide to Online Fundraising - MobileCause

































 












Call today for a free demo (888) 661-8804

 
 
 









Menu

 








 









CHAPTER TWO: EVENT FUNDRAISING

 
 
 
 



Chapter List


 
 
Chapter List


 
 
Download PDF  
 
 




Engaged Supporters Equals a Successful Fundraising Event
In fact, with the right technology, getting people involved and excited about your charity event can be easier than you think! 
No matter what type of fundraising event you’re organizing, this in-depth guide will provide key cross-channel marketing strategies that will help you maximize attendance and participation to set your organization up for event fundraising success.
This guide can help you organize and market any type of fundraising event—everything from runs, walks, and rides, to galas, golf tournaments, and more.

 

See how you can engage donors and boost fundraising event participation through different types of mobile and online solutions: 
Sell Tickets To Your Event Get More RSVPs   Increase Giving With Mobile Pledging Setup Your Event Donation Page Set Up Your Fundraising Event Thermometer Follow Up With Your Attendees

 
 
 



Sell Tickets Online with Just a Few Clicks
Online tickets take the hassle out of event planning

 



Mobile and online event fundraising software allows participants of all ages to sign up for any type of event in seconds from the convenience of a smartphone, tablet, or desktop computer.
Getting the word out about ticket sales is one of the first things you can do to market your fundraising event. 
In addition the standard date, time, and location information, you’ll want to include a brief explanation as to what your event is and who or what it’s supporting, as well as a keyword and shortcode that gives supporters a simple way to buy tickets by simply sending a text message on their mobile device.
Be sure to feature your organization’s name or logo on the payment form for those who may not be familiar with your cause. The more people who attend, the better!

 
 
 



Only Selling a Limited Amount of Tickets?
Be sure to include how many tickets are left or if the event is sold out in email, text message, and social media updates about your event. This will motivate your supporters to buy their tickets sooner rather than later. 
Event Fundraising Tip: Once the event is sold out you can direct supporters to a waitlist form or a page for upcoming events.

 
 
 



Nearly 20% of event registrations come from mobile devices.  Keep this in mind as part of your event fundraising strategy so you don’t miss out on potential RSVPs and donations by ignoring your mobile audience!

 
 
 


 
 



Simplify RSVPs to Maximize Attendance
Boost participation with mobile and online invitations, registrations, and reminders

 

Step 1: Fundraising Event Invitations

 
 
 




 


Invitations are the first step in your fundraising event marketing plan, which create the excitement and buzz around your event. In addition the standard date, time, and location information, you’ll want to include a brief explanation as to what your event is supporting, as well as a keyword and shortcode that allows supporters to RSVP from their phones. Be sure to include your organization’s name on the invite for those who may not be familiar with your cause.
When marketing your fundraising event invites should be promoted on all channels including email, social media, direct mail, and text message. For marketing channels that support images it’s best to include the event information in both the image and message text to make it shareable.
Event Fundraising Tip: Create a public event on Facebook with instructions on how to RSVP, buy tickets, and donate. This gives you the ability to invite those who “like” your page. Invitees can then invite people in their network, increasing your attendance.

 
 
 



How to increase RSVPs for event fundraising success 


Upload phone numbers and send text message reminders
Have your supporters subscribe for updates by texting your keyword

 

Ask for registrations and out-of-towner gifts
Tell supporters who do not prefer texts to reply STOP to opt out



 
 
 




 


Make sure your invitation emails are mobile-friendly and include a clear call-to-action button to RSVP as well as an explanation as to what the event donations will be used for. You can even include a donate link for those who can’t attend.

 
 
 


 
 




 


Bright images and bold colors increase shareability and engagement regardless of channel or media type. Include event information on the image itself so supporters can share with their social network.

 
 
 


 
 




 


There is still a place for traditional invites sent by mail, especially for black tie events like dinner galas. However, you can still incorporate mobile and online capabilities by including QR codes and a keyword/shortcode that links to your event sign-up page in order to make it easy for recipients to simply go online and RSVP to support your cause.

 
 
 


 
 



Step 2: Event Registrations

 

Here’s the most important part for a successful event fundraising strategy: turning your invitees into attendees!
RSVP forms need to be easy to fill out, but should capture all the information needed by your organization to stay in touch with supporters both before and after the event. Your RSVP form must also work on any device—PC, tablet or smartphone—or else you may miss out on valuable attendee support and donations.
To guarantee the most form submissions, stick to the bare necessities: name, email, mobile number, and donation/ticket information.
If your organization needs extra information, such as a mailing address to send direct response mail to, or shirt size for a run/walk, this is the place to include it. Just remember to keep it simple!
Event Fundraising Tip:  Include your event branding and benefit statement on the RSVP form to keep invitees reminded of the good they will be supporting by attending your event.

 


 
 



Did you know? Mobile-friendly event registration forms increase submissions by 34%. This is important to keep in mind when using event fundraising technology to register your guests.

 
 
 




 


Send automatic email donation receipts to thank donors for their ticket purchase and supporting your organization.

 
 
 


 
 




 


Send automatic text message donation confirmations as an instant reply when donors submit a form. Don’t forget to thank them here too!

 
 
 


 
 



Step 3: Fundraising Event Reminders

 

Your supporters are busy people. Perhaps they see your email and forget to respond, or accidentally toss out your direct mail invite.
Fear not! Text messages are a great way to boost the success of your fundraising event registrations, as well as remind those who have already RSVP’d about your event in the weeks leading up to the big day. This can be accomplished easily by dividing invitees and attendees into two separate lists.
Event Fundraising Tip: It is best to couple event reminders with compelling storytelling about your event or cause. Tell recipients why the event is important, how they are helping propel your mission, and who or what will benefit from their attendance. This is your chance to tug on those heartstrings and inspire your supporters!

 
 
 




 
 



Tip: Engage registrants with compelling stories leading up to your event. Short videos are best!

 
 
 




 


Using text messages to market your fundraising event makes it easy to send links to compelling videos, benefactor stories, and recaps from previous events to help build excitement prior to the big day.

 
 
 


 
 




 


Text message reminders also help dramatically increase event participation by giving you the option to send friendly reminders and communicate any last minute changes or information leading up to the event.

 
 
 


 
 



4 Simple Steps to Mobile Pledging Success
Increase giving with 4 steps proven to maximize results for your best event yet

 

Step 1: Set Up Your Donation Keyword for your Event

 
 
 



In your event fundraising strategy, your donation keyword will likely be the main way attendees make donations during your event, so be sure to select an available keyword that is branded to your organization.
Your keyword or acronym should be one word to avoid any AutoCorrect errors. When participants text your keyword to the shortcode 41444 (or 91999) they will receive a text message reply with a link to fulfill their gift with a credit or debit card.
Donors with unfulfilled pledges will receive up to 3 automatic text message reminders and can receive a follow up voice call from a member of your team.
Did you know? All participants that make a pledge via keyword are automatically subscribed to receive ongoing text alerts from your organization.

 
 



 
 



Basics of a text-to-donate keyword donation


Compose a text to a shortcode phone number
In the message: include keyword, pledge amount & donor name
In the reply text: include your organization name

 

Add your mobile-friendly donation link
Don’t forget to include an unsubscribe option



 
 
 


 
 



Step 2: Set Up Your Fundraising Event Donation Page

 
 
 



The donation page is where your attendees will go to fulfill their pledge, making it a vital component of your event fundraising strategy. Customize your page with your organization’s branding and custom fields to capture the donor data you need.
Mobile pledges can be easily fulfilled through the secure reply link from the convenience of a smartphone or tablet, meaning attendees will be able to donate right from their seats.
Tips: Include images, custom messages, and custom fields on your donation page to reinforce the intention of the gift and collect maximum amounts. Embed your donation form on your website for easy pre- and post-event giving.

 
 



 
 



Essentials of an event donation page


Custom donation page branding (organization or event logo)
Recurring gift options and suggested donation amount
Credit card fields (Apple and Android AutoFill compatible)

 

Donor data fields
Custom fields for any other data collection
Customized donate button text



 
 
 




 
 


 
 



Step 3: Set Up Your Fundraising Event Thermometer

 
 
 





Go to mcause.us/unity to see thermometer example and make a pledge

 
 
 



Basics of a fundraising event thermometer


Simple on-screen instructions
Display pledge amount & donor name(s) (optional)

 

Goal, total raised, & donor count
Custom event branding and colors



 
 
 



Here comes the best part: creating an exciting moment of giving live at your event! Customize your fundraising event thermometer with custom colors and imagery and have it ready to be displayed during the most compelling part of your event—then instruct attendees to make a pledge and watch the donations roll in.
Mobile pledges and donor names will appear in real time as they are texted in by participants. Donors also have the option to remain anonymous and include a message instead of their name.
Donations that display dynamically on-screen create an exciting moment of giving that increases how much people give by 25%.
As donations come in, the thermometer rises, donations are totaled, and donors are counted, creating a shared experience—and maybe even a little friendly —as donors contribute and watch the thermometer climb to your event goal.

 
 
 



Event Fundraising Tip: Strengthen your call-to-action with printed giving instructions displayed on table tents. For maximum participation, the event emcee should thank donors from the stage as names appear on screen and challenge attendees to give as much as they can to support your mission. You can also manually enter online and out-of-towner gifts to keep the giving momentum going.

 
 



 
 



Step 4: Set Up Automatic Tax Receipts

 
 
 



Tax receipts are not only helpful to your donors, but they also reinforce your branding and give you an instant opportunity to thank donors for their gifts.
Tip: Send automatic text message thank yous in addition to donation receipt emails to reduce admin time and save money on postage while showing donors how grateful you are for their generous donation. Remember to tell them exactly what their donation is helping your organization accomplish.
Plus, first-time donors who get a personal thank you within 48 hours are 4x more likely to give a second gift. So never underestimate the importance of saying thanks!

 
 



 
 



Tax receipt must haves


Sent via email
Your organization’s branding
Thank you message

 

Donation confirmation
Tax receipt link
Compliance message



 
 
 




 


After making a donation, donors should receive an on-screen confirmation with social share links. In just one tap or click they can share your donation page with their social networks to increase awareness and giving.
They will also receive a text message confirmation of their donation for their records.

 
 
 


 
 





 
 




 


Download a free PDF version of this online fundraising guide…

 

Yes! Give me my PDF   

 

PDF version contains all of the content and resources found in the web-based guide

 
 
 




CHAPTER 1
Online Giving


CHAPTER 2
Event Fundraising


CHAPTER 3
Crowdfunding


CHAPTER 4
Online Forms


 
 


CHAPTER 5
Social Media


CHAPTER 6
Fundraising Videos


CHAPTER 7
Email Marketing


CHAPTER 8
Mobile Text Message Marketing



 
 
 



 
 
 
 
 
Beginner’s Guide – Event Fundraising was last modified:  January 20th, 2017 by Steve Page  
 
 






Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




YouTube





Instagram





Login Customer Terms Donor Terms Compliance Privacy Contact
27001 Agoura Road 350A, Calabasas, CA 91301


© 2017 MobileCause | All Rights Reserved 

 

 
 
 


Pin It on Pinterest
































Share This





facebook





linkedin





twitter





pinterest










 




















Crowdfunding and Peer-to-Peer Fundraising































 












Call today for a free demo (888) 661-8804

 
 
 









Menu

 








 









Crowdfunding and Peer-to-Peer Fundraising

 

Crowdfunding and Peer-to-Peer Fundraising

 

Empower family, friends, and corporate partners to fundraise on your behalf using their own mobile-friendly crowdfunding pages. From runs, walks, swims and rides, to disaster relief, crowdfunding is the best way for nonprofits to gain new donors.

 

Empower family, friends, and social networks to fundraise on your behalf using their own mobile-friendly crowdfunding pages.

 
 
 








Peer to Peer
 

 
 
 
 
 






 
Team Crowdfunding
 

 
 
 
 
 







Corporate Partners
 

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
Crowdfunding was last modified:  June 19th, 2017 by Jeremy Koenig  
 
 






Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




YouTube





Instagram





Login Customer Terms Donor Terms Compliance Privacy Contact
27001 Agoura Road 350A, Calabasas, CA 91301


© 2017 MobileCause | All Rights Reserved 

 

 
 
 


Pin It on Pinterest
































Share This





facebook





linkedin





twitter





pinterest






























MobileCause Announces Q2 2017 Product Release to Advance Hub for Nonprofit Fundraising and Donor Engagement 








































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













MobileCause Announces Q2 2017 Product Release to Advance Hub for Nonprofit Fundraising and Donor Engagement
Product enhancements consolidate 25 point solutions into a single software platform



















July 19, 2017 12:27 ET

 | Source: MobileCause






Los Angeles, CA, July  19, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- LOS ANGELES, CA – July 19, 2017 – MobileCause, a leading provider of fundraising and donor engagement software for nonprofit organizations, today announced enhancements and features launched with its Q2 2017 product release, designed to help nonprofits easily use technology for all their fundraising needs. The release enables customers to access fundraising, events, communication and marketing solutions, as well as reporting tools, all in one single hub.  In recent industry surveys, nonprofit organizations voice that they are continually seeking ways to consolidate their many technology solutions to more efficiently support their day-to-day needs. Because of this, MobileCause consolidates more than twenty-five fundraising, donor communication, event support and payment processing point solutions into a single platform, making it more time and cost-efficient to raise money as well as provide a consistent donor experience. “Gone are the days of multiple logins, inconsistent donor records and file sharing between countless nonprofit fundraising tools,” said Sean MacNeill, MobileCause CEO. “Through our engagement platform, we have helped thousands of nonprofit organizations communicate effectively with current donors, acquire new donors and inspire more recurring donations.” Additionally, MobileCause offers a simple way for fundraisers to set up and promote their own crowdfunding campaign. The company recognized the growing interest in crowdfunding and the ability for nonprofits to inspire donors to do more than just give by also encouraging friends, family and others to support their cause. More and more customers have adopted the crowdfunding feature because it’s flexible enough to maintain a nonprofit’s brand consistency while allowing the individual fundraiser to easily encourage others to donate or participate. The platform’s navigation has been restructured to reflect the tasks that are most common for nonprofits when setting up fundraising events and campaigns. The user experience now quickly leads them through the platform to more easily accomplish campaign setup, execution and follow-up. This user-centric approach is the first step in a line of planned enhancements to better support the urgency in fundraising for nonprofit organizations. These product announcements come at a time of increasing acceleration for MobileCause, which received a $15 million investment from Level Equity earlier this year. To learn more, visit mobilecause.com.   About MobileCause, Inc. MobileCause provides an innovative suite of digital fundraising and donor engagement solutions that help nonprofits do more good with a full suite of customizable, mobile-friendly solutions including online forms, fundraising events, crowdfunding, campaign promotion, data management, and credit card processing with zero transaction fees. MobileCause is trusted by thousands of nonprofit organizations including United Way, The Salvation Army, American Heart Association, University of Southern California, Habitat for Humanity and many more. Attachments:    A photo accompanying this announcement is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/7c816c7c-4e41-41d6-8099-d21d3e39e825 Kristal Bogle
MobileCause
4243135630
kristal@mobilecause.com



Related Articles
other press releases by MobileCause


MobileCause Appoints Alan Park as Senior Vice President of Enterprise Sales
June 08, 2017 13:08








Profile

MobileCause





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Calabasas, California, UNITED STATES
  http://www.mobilecause.com




Contact Data
Kristal Bogle
MobileCause
4243135630
kristal@mobilecause.com


Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



MobileCause  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.







MobileCause Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback


























mobilecause inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software





Corporate Information
Address:

27001 Agoura road 350A
Calabasas,CA 91301
Calabasas, CA
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web











Key Executives


Sean Macneill


Chief Executive Officer




Kristal Bogle


Chief Marketing Officer




Alan M Park


Senior VP:Enterprise Sales







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































MobileCause Announces Q2 2017 Product Release to Advance Hub for - KMOV.com




















MobileCause Announces Q2 2017 Product Release to Advance Hub for - KMOV.comMember Center:Create Account|Log InManage Account|Log Out

SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY 



HomeRecently PostedBJC SkyCam NetworkAs Seen on News 4Watching Out 4 YouPeek InsideInteractive RadarMeTV and myTV St. LouisNewsLocalRecently PostedBusinessNews 4 InvestigatesEntertainmentCrimeMetro EastSt. Charles CountyHealthDaily DistractionNews 4 SchoolsWeatherRadarsBJC SkyCam Network7-Day ForecastInteractive RadarMapsStorm ModeSportsCardinalsBluesSports TeamTrafficVideoCBSN Live PlayerKMOV Raw VideoNews VideoCommunityContestsKMOV.com Events CalendarKMOV CaresImagine a Better St. LouisKMOV Surprise SquadDo The Right ThingHarris HeroesGreat DayFood and RecipesMeet The TeamA Great Day In the Life OfHealth and WellnessDesign TimeAsk the ExpertsEnter Great Day Giveaways!EntertainmentOn TVTV ScheduleMeTV and myTV St. LouisAs Seen On News 4Contact UsMeet the TeamKMOV-TV Jobs











Print

MobileCause Announces Q2 2017 Product Release to Advance Hub for Nonprofit Fundraising and Donor Engagement




Product enhancements consolidate 25 point solutions into a single software platformLos Angeles, CA, July  19, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- LOS ANGELES, CA – July 19, 2017 – MobileCause, a leading provider of fundraising and donor engagement software for nonprofit organizations, today announced enhancements and features launched with its Q2 2017 product release, designed to help nonprofits easily use technology for all their fundraising needs. The release enables customers to access fundraising, events, communication and marketing solutions, as well as reporting tools, all in one single hub.In recent industry surveys, nonprofit organizations voice that they are continually seeking ways to consolidate their many technology solutions to more efficiently support their day-to-day needs. Because of this, MobileCause consolidates more than twenty-five fundraising, donor communication, event support and payment processing point solutions into a single platform, making it more time and cost-efficient to raise money as well as provide a consistent donor experience.“Gone are the days of multiple logins, inconsistent donor records and file sharing between countless nonprofit fundraising tools,” said Sean MacNeill, MobileCause CEO. “Through our engagement platform, we have helped thousands of nonprofit organizations communicate effectively with current donors, acquire new donors and inspire more recurring donations.”Additionally, MobileCause offers a simple way for fundraisers to set up and promote their own crowdfunding campaign. The company recognized the growing interest in crowdfunding and the ability for nonprofits to inspire donors to do more than just give by also encouraging friends, family and others to support their cause. More and more customers have adopted the crowdfunding feature because it’s flexible enough to maintain a nonprofit’s brand consistency while allowing the individual fundraiser to easily encourage others to donate or participate.The platform’s navigation has been restructured to reflect the tasks that are most common for nonprofits when setting up fundraising events and campaigns. The user experience now quickly leads them through the platform to more easily accomplish campaign setup, execution and follow-up. This user-centric approach is the first step in a line of planned enhancements to better support the urgency in fundraising for nonprofit organizations.These product announcements come at a time of increasing acceleration for MobileCause, which received a $15 million investment from Level Equity earlier this year.To learn more, visit mobilecause.com. About MobileCause, Inc.MobileCause provides an innovative suite of digital fundraising and donor engagement solutions that help nonprofits do more good with a full suite of customizable, mobile-friendly solutions including online forms, fundraising events, crowdfunding, campaign promotion, data management, and credit card processing with zero transaction fees. MobileCause is trusted by thousands of nonprofit organizations including United Way, The Salvation Army, American Heart Association, University of Southern California, Habitat for Humanity and many more. Attachments:    A photo accompanying this announcement is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/7c816c7c-4e41-41d6-8099-d21d3e39e825Kristal BogleMobileCause4243135630kristal@mobilecause.comInformation contained on this page is provided by an independent third-party content provider. Frankly and this Site make no warranties or representations in connection there with. If you are affiliated with this page and would like it removed please contact pressreleases@franklyinc.com





















KMOV.com
(314) 621-4444 (phone)
(314) 444-3368 (fax)
website@kmov.com





Home
News
Weather
Sports
Entertainment
Video
Community
Deals


Great Day
On TV
Bios
Your News
Employment
Advertise


Online Public File
Closed Captioning
Children's Programming
FCC EEO Public File Report
Contact Us





LinkedIn
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Google+








				All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 KMOV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
        	














MobileCause Announces Q2 2017 Product Release to Advance Hub for Nonprofit Fundraising and Donor Engagement - EconoTimes





























































Menu


Search




  |  
                        Business



Become a contributor


                            Bookmark Econotimes                        





Menu



  |  
                        Business



Search




















                                                                                        Investar Holding Corporation Announces 2017 Second Quarter Results                                        





                                                                                        Crown Castle Closes Public Offerings of Common Stock and Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock                                        








                                                                                        People’s Utah Bancorp Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results; Increases Quarterly Dividend Payment                                        





                                                                                        QUADRANT LEAD PLAINTIFF DEADLINE ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 In Quadrant 4 System Corp. To Contact The Firm                                        





                                                                                        IMPORTANT EQUITY ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Quadrant 4 System Corporation and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm                                        





                                                                                        CORRECTION Maverick PAC Announces 2017 “Future 40” Honorees                                        





                                                                                        IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Sinovac Biotech Ltd. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm                                        





                                                                                        Foresight Research: For car buyers who attend, auto shows are just as influential as digital marketing                                        





                                                                                        AppFolio, Inc. Announces Date of Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call                                        





                                                                                        Marathon Oil Corporation Declares Second Quarter 2017 Dividend                                        





                                                                                        Neuralstem Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Stock and Warrants                                        





                                                                                        Churchill Downs Incorporated Appoints Douglas C. Grissom as New Board Member                                        





                                                                                        Tetraphase Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Stock                                        





                                                                                        SINOVAC LEAD PLAINTIFF DEADLINE ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 In Sinovac Biotech, Ltd. To Contact The Firm                                        





                                                                                        Progenics Pharmaceuticals Sets Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Call for August 9                                        





                                                                                        “Giants Training Camp Live” Returns to MSG Networks on Friday, July 28 With Full Day of Giants Coverage Presented by Mercedes-Benz                                        





                                                                                        Methanex Increases its Existing Share Repurchase Program to 10% of Public Float                                        











Search












Subscribe
Login

News 
Economy 
Central Banks	 
Investing
Research 
Roundups	 
Digital Currency	 
Insights 
Technical Analysis	 
Technology	 
Business 
Law 
Health 
Nature 
Fintech 
Science 
Topic 
Opinions 
EconoTimes PRO  

About us
Advertise With Us	
Contribute	
Contact us	
Institutional Service	


Privacy Policy	
Terms of Service	
Disclaimer	


©Elmin Media . All Rights Reserved.			
















  
  
  
  
  
  





 MobileCause Announces Q2 2017 Product Release to Advance Hub for Nonprofit Fundraising and Donor Engagement




                    Wednesday, July 19, 2017 4:27 PM  UTC                                            
0 comments                        



Los Angeles, CA, July  19, 2017   -- LOS ANGELES, CA – July 19, 2017 – MobileCause, a leading provider of fundraising and donor engagement software for nonprofit organizations, today announced enhancements and features launched with its Q2 2017 product release, designed to help nonprofits easily use technology for all their fundraising needs. The release enables customers to access fundraising, events, communication and marketing solutions, as well as reporting tools, all in one single hub.


















 In recent industry surveys, nonprofit organizations voice that they are continually seeking ways to consolidate their many technology solutions to more efficiently support their day-to-day needs. Because of this, MobileCause consolidates more than twenty-five fundraising, donor communication, event support and payment processing point solutions into a single platform, making it more time and cost-efficient to raise money as well as provide a consistent donor experience. “Gone are the days of multiple logins, inconsistent donor records and file sharing between countless nonprofit fundraising tools,” said Sean MacNeill, MobileCause CEO. “Through our engagement platform, we have helped thousands of nonprofit organizations communicate effectively with current donors, acquire new donors and inspire more recurring donations.” Additionally, MobileCause offers a simple way for fundraisers to set up and promote their own crowdfunding campaign. The company recognized the growing interest in crowdfunding and the ability for nonprofits to inspire donors to do more than just give by also encouraging friends, family and others to support their cause. More and more customers have adopted the crowdfunding feature because it’s flexible enough to maintain a nonprofit’s brand consistency while allowing the individual fundraiser to easily encourage others to donate or participate. The platform’s navigation has been restructured to reflect the tasks that are most common for nonprofits when setting up fundraising events and campaigns. The user experience now quickly leads them through the platform to more easily accomplish campaign setup, execution and follow-up. This user-centric approach is the first step in a line of planned enhancements to better support the urgency in fundraising for nonprofit organizations. These product announcements come at a time of increasing acceleration for MobileCause, which received a $15 million investment from Level Equity earlier this year. To learn more, visit mobilecause.com.   About MobileCause, Inc. MobileCause provides an innovative suite of digital fundraising and donor engagement solutions that help nonprofits do more good with a full suite of customizable, mobile-friendly solutions including online forms, fundraising events, crowdfunding, campaign promotion, data management, and credit card processing with zero transaction fees. MobileCause is trusted by thousands of nonprofit organizations including United Way, The Salvation Army, American Heart Association, University of Southern California, Habitat for Humanity and many more. Attachments:    A photo accompanying this announcement is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/7c816c7c-4e41-41d6-8099-d21d3e39e825 
Kristal Bogle
MobileCause
4243135630
kristal@mobilecause.com












EconoTimes 中文版 经客时代已上线
深入了解中国动向
开始阅读 >


Econotimes China Edition
GET INSIGHTS IN CHINESE
READ NOW >










Editor's Picks




 New Study Could End Insulin Dependence Of Type-1 Diabetics




Infertility in men could point to more serious health problems later in life




 Electrically stimulating your brain can boost memory – but here's one reason it doesn't always work






Fainting and the summer heat: Warmer days can make you swoon, so be prepared




Why bad moods are good for you: the surprising benefits of sadness




 Here's why 'cool' offices don't always make for a happier workforce






Four myths about diabetes debunked




 What are 'fasting' diets and do they help you lose weight?




 Placebos work even when patients know what they are



















ET PRO
Market Data	


Market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day				>



2017-07-26 21:01:12
0m

BRAZIL  SELIC INTEREST RATE* DECREASE TO 9.25 % (FCAST 9.25 %) VS PREV 10.25 %



2017-07-26 20:08:50
0m

BRAZIL'S BOVESPA CLOSED AT  65,077.47, DOWN  -0.90%



2017-07-26 20:07:50
0m

CANADA'S S&P/TSX COMPOSITE CLOSED AT 15,173.12, DOWN -0.19%



2017-07-26 20:02:00
0m

DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE, S&P 500, NASDAQ COMPOSITE SET RECORD CLOSING HIGHS



2017-07-26 20:00:21
0m

NASDAQ  UNOFFICIALLY CLOSES UP 10.84 POINTS, OR 0.17 PERCENT, AT 6,423.01



2017-07-26 20:00:14
0m

S&P 500  UNOFFICIALLY CLOSES UP 0.68 POINTS, OR 0.03 PERCENT, AT 2,477.81



2017-07-26 20:00:07
0m

DOW JONES  UNOFFICIALLY CLOSES UP 96.38 POINTS, OR 0.45 PERCENT, AT 21,709.81



2017-07-26 19:48:12
0m

S&P 500 SLIPS INTO NEGATIVE TERRITORY; FINANCIAL SHARES SLIDE



2017-07-26 19:47:16
0m

CORNYN DOES NOT EXPECT "SKINNY BILL" TO INCLUDE MEDICAID



2017-07-26 19:45:38
0m

SENATOR JOHN CORNYN EXPECTS RELEASE OF "SKINNY BILL" HEALTHCARE TEXT IN NEXT 24 HOURS



2017-07-26 19:08:32
0m

CANADIAN DOLLAR   TOUCHES C$1.2450 TO THE U.S. DOLLAR, OR 80.32 U.S. CENTS, ITS STRONGEST SINCE JUNE 2015



2017-07-26 19:08:05
0m

EURO RISES TO HIGHEST VS DOLLAR SINCE JANUARY 2015, HITS $1.1736



2017-07-26 18:52:32
0m

WHITE HOUSE SAYS DEFENSE SECRETARY WAS IMMEDIATELY INFORMED OF TRANSGENDER DECISION ONCE TRUMP MADE IT ON TUESDAY



2017-07-26 18:52:23
0m

US TAX-FREE MONEY MARKET FUND ASSETS INCREASE BY $26.50 MLN TO $130.00 BLN-IMONEYNET



2017-07-26 18:52:16
0m

US TAXABLE MONEY MARKET FUND ASSETS INCREASE BY $10.62 BLN TO $2.480 TRLN-IMONEYNET



2017-07-26 18:52:09
0m

US MONEY MARKET FUND ASSETS INCREASE BY $10.65 BLN TO $2.610 TRLN IN LATEST WEEK-IMONEYNET



2017-07-26 18:51:59
0m

WHITE HOUSE SAYS TRUMP'S TRANSGENDER DECISION BASED ON COUNSEL FROM HIS NATIONAL SECURITY TEAM



2017-07-26 18:51:39
0m

WHITE HOUSE SAYS EXPECTS MORE CHANGES IN RUSSIA SANCTIONS BILL



2017-07-26 18:51:33
0m

WHITE HOUSE SAYS TRUMP IS PRIORITIZING MIDDLE CLASS TAX RELIEF



2017-07-26 18:51:24
0m

WHITE HOUSE DESCRIBES TRUMP'S TRANSGENDER MOVE AS A "MILITARY DECISION"






















Most Popular	



1

 
                                                                                                UK Q2 GDP growth sees marginal improvement from Q1, raises downside risks to 2017 GDP outlook
 


2

 
                                                                                                API reports draw while the market awaits EIA report



3

 
                                                                                                FxWirePro: AUD/CAD breaks below 20-DMA, scope for test of 0.9794 (78.6% Fibo), stay short
 


4

 
                                                                                                FxWirePro: 'Morning Star' pattern formed on USD/JPY daily charts, scope for upside, focus on FOMC meeting
 


5

 
                                                                                                FxWirePro: USD/TWD trades in narrow range, faces strong support at 30.25 mark
 


6

 
                                                                                                Fundamental Evaluation Series: Short-term yield spread vs. EUR/USD
 


7

 
                                                                                                FxWirePro: Aussie falls against major peers as CPI data misses expectations
 


8

 
                                                                                                FxWirePro: XAG/USD consolidates around $16.40 mark, FOMC meeting in focus
 


9

 
                                                                                                FxWirPro: GBP/JPY trades higher, good to buy on dips
 


10

 
                                                                                                FxWirePro: GBP/AUD on minor recovery path, awaiting key UK GDP data for further impetus
 









Economics Monitor	



                                    July 26 18:00 UTC                                    Released                                    

USFed Funds Target Rate


Actual
1.00-1.25 %


Forecast
1.125 % 


Previous
1.125 % 





                                    July 26 15:30 UTC                                    Released                                    

BRForeign Exchange Flows*


Actual
-2.885 bln


Forecast



Previous
-2.949 bln 





                                    July 26 23:00 UTC                                    5454m 

KRNew Home Sales-Units*


Actual



Forecast
2.7 mln 


Previous
2.9 mln 





                                    July 26 23:00 UTC                                    5454m 

EZGDP Growth QQ*


Actual



Forecast
0.6 % 


Previous
1.1 % 





                                    July 26 23:00 UTC                                    5454m 

EZGDP Growth YY*


Actual



Forecast
2.7 % 


Previous
2.9 % 





                                    July 26 23:00 UTC                                    5454m 

KRGDP Growth QQ*


Actual



Forecast
0.6 % 


Previous
1.1 % 





                                    July 26 23:50 UTC                                    104104m 

JPForeign Invest JP Stock


Actual



Forecast



Previous
341.0 bln JPY 





                                    July 26 23:50 UTC                                    104104m 

JPForeign Bond Investment


Actual



Forecast



Previous
947.8 bln JPY 





                                    July 26 23:50 UTC                                    104104m 

JPForeign Bond Investment


Actual



Forecast



Previous
947.8 bln JPY 





                                    July 26 23:50 UTC                                    104104m 

JPForeign Invest JP Stock


Actual



Forecast



Previous
341.0 bln JPY 








EconoTimes









Back to Top ▲





                        

                        
                        ©Elmin Media . All Rights Reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.											                    













About us
Advertise with us	
Contribute	
Contact Us	
Econotimes PRO 

Disclaimer: EconoTimes provides references and links to selected blogs and other sources of economic and market information as an educational service to its clients and prospects and does not endorse the opinions or recommendations of the blogs or other sources of information. Clients and prospects are advised to carefully consider the opinions and analysis offered in the blogs or other information sources in the context of the client or prospect's individual analysis and decision making. None of the blogs or other sources of information is to be considered as constituting a track record. Past performance is no guarantee of future results and EconoTimes specifically advises clients and prospects to carefully review all claims and representations made by advisors, bloggers, money managers and system vendors before investing any funds or opening an account with any Brokerage. Any news, opinions, research, data, or other information contained within this website is provided as general market commentary and does not constitute investment or trading advice. EconoTimes expressly disclaims any liability for any lost principal or profits without limitation which may arise directly or indirectly from the use of or reliance on such information. As with all such advisory services, past results are never a guarantee of future results.








Welcome to EconoTimes
Sign up for daily updates for the most important
            stories unfolding in the global economy.































	MOBILECAUSE Trademark of MobileCause, Inc.. Serial Number: 85965726 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
MOBILECAUSE










 
Get FREE email alerts













MOBILECAUSE  Trademark Information
 MobileCause, Inc.
Charitable fundraising; Charitable fundraising services; Providing fundraising services for others via a global computer network




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
charitable   fundraising   charitable   fundraising   services   providing   fundraising   services   global   network    
                                    




This is a brand page for the MOBILECAUSE trademark by MobileCause, Inc. 
                                in Calabasas, CA, 91301.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this MOBILECAUSE trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner MobileCause, Inc. of the MOBILECAUSE trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the MOBILECAUSE trademark.
                           






On Thursday, June 20, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        MOBILECAUSE by 
                        MobileCause, Inc., Calabasas, CA  91301.
                        The USPTO has given the MOBILECAUSE 
                        trademark serial  number of  85965726.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for MOBILECAUSE is 
                        
                        
                                            JONATHAN P. PEARCE of 
                                            SOCAL IP LAW GROUP LLP,  310 N WESTLAKE BLVD STE 120, WESTLAKE VILLAGE, CA 91362-3788 
                                .
                            The MOBILECAUSE trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for MOBILECAUSE 
                            is Charitable fundraising; Charitable fundraising services; Providing fundraising services for others via a global computer network. 
                            





Word mark:
 MOBILECAUSE


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

1/28/2014



  Serial Number:  
85965726


  Filing Date:  
6/20/2013


 Registration Number:  
4474980 


 Registration Date:  
1/28/2014


 Goods and Services: 
Charitable fundraising; Charitable fundraising services; Providing fundraising services for others via a global computer network


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
11/12/2013


Last Applicant/Owner:

MobileCause, Inc.Calabasas, CA  91301
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


JONATHAN P. PEARCE
SOCAL IP LAW GROUP LLP
310 N WESTLAKE BLVD STE 120
WESTLAKE VILLAGE, CA 91362-3788






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
4/16/2007


First Use In Commerce: 
4/16/2007





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your MOBILECAUSE trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

1/28/2014
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



JONATHAN P. PEARCE


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of MOBILECAUSE trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search mobilecause on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for MOBILECAUSE 




MOBILECAUSE is providing Charitable fundraising; Charitable fundraising services; Providing fundraising services for others via a global computer network.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















Privacy Policy - MobileCause































 

















MobileCause Privacy Policy

 

Donor Privacy
Mobilecause is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers donors. Mobilecause does not sell, trade or rent personal information about our donors with third-party organizations. The donor data belongs to our customers and stored on our servers on their behalf.
Data Collection
MobileCause may collect personal data about donors for a number of reasons:
· to administer and maintain accounts relating to donations and MobileCause services
· to facilitate fundraising
· to communicate with donors and potential donors as requested by their customers
· to comply with legal and regulatory requirements
Such personal information may include: name, address, phone number, e-mail address and credit card number when a donor voluntarily provides it to us. (In accordance with PCI compliance regulations, Credit Card information is collected but not stored.)  In addition, MobileCause keeps a record of each donor’s giving history.  This information is kept on file for IRS purposes and is also used by MobileCause to analyze overall giving patterns in order and produce benchmark data.
Recognition and Reporting

Where appropriate, and with the knowledge and consent of the donor, MobileCause may publicly recognize the receipt and purpose of an individual gift for its customers through reporting.  Data on donors and donation amounts may be aggregated and stripped of identifying information for reporting purposes without the explicit consent of the donors.
Safeguards

Office policies are in place to safeguard donor information, including:
· Physical measures, including locked filing cabinets and restricted access to offices
· Organizational measures, such as security clearances and limiting access on a “need to know” basis
· Technological measures, such as the use of passwords and encryption
Individual records are kept only as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which they were collected and to comply with applicable laws.
Opt-Out Policy

An individual may withdraw his or her consent to collection, use or disclosure at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice. MobileCause makes reasonable efforts to keep donor files complete, up-to-date, and accurate.  Donors who wish to access, update or correct personal contact information, remove themselves from our database or discuss a privacy concern MobileCause can contact the administration department at [email protected].

 

Web User Privacy Policy
At MobileCause, we are committed to protecting your privacy. You can travel through most of our site without giving us any information about yourself. But sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request. To help us improve the user experience for visitors we use Mouseflow web analytics service. It may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as any text you type in this website, except for text in password fields. It will not collect personally identifiable information that you do not voluntarily enter in this website. It will also not track your browsing habits across other web sites. This Website Privacy Policy (“Policy”) provides you with information concerning our practices and procedures as they relate specifically to information we collect at this website.  If you have additional questions or would like further information on this topic, please feel free to write to us at [email protected].  By visiting this website, you are accepting the practices described herein.  We may update this Policy from time to time, so please check this Policy periodically for changes.
Collecting Your Personal Information
We do not collect any personal information about you at our website unless you choose to provide it to us voluntarily.  We define “personal information” as information that personally identifies you or allows us to contact you.  Such information might include your phone number, name or email address.  Generally, this information is requested when you are asked to register before entering a contest, subscribing to e-mail newsletters, completing an online survey, joining a limited-access premium site, viewing premium-level resource information, or when requesting information about or purchasing MobileCause products and services.  If you encounter a screen or page that requests information you do not want to share with us, do not enter the information and do not proceed with that screen or page.
You can personalize your experience at www.mobilecause.com by becoming a registered user.  If you ever want to review or update your profile, simply visit www.MobileCause.com and edit your account information. We’ll ask you to disclose your User ID and password so that only you can access your profile. Your account information is secure and is accessible by using a password that you select.   Do not share your password with anyone. The MobileCause website assigns a personal identification number and sends it to your computer in the form of a small text file, called a “cookie.” The use of this cookie allows you to visit other password-restricted portions of MobileCause’s website — for which you have security access — without having to sign in again.
Use of Your Personal Information
If you do provide us with personal information, we will only use it for the purposes described where it is collected or elsewhere on the website.  Specifically, we may use your personal information in the following ways:  (1) to make the website easier for you to use by not making you enter your personal information more than once; (2) to help you quickly find information on MobileCause software, services and customer support; (3) to help us create and deliver content most relevant to you; and (4) to alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from MobileCause.
We will not sell, license, transmit or disclose your personal information outside of MobileCause or its affiliates without notice to you unless (1) you expressly authorize us to do so, (2) it is necessary to allow our service providers, representatives, or agents to provide services for or to us, (3) it is necessary to provide our products or services to you, (4) it is disclosed to entities that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other entities with whom we have joint marketing or other agreements, (5) it is necessary or we deem it appropriate in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assets or business of MobileCause, a sale of stock or equity interests of MobileCause, or the merger of MobileCause into another entity or any consolidation, share exchange, combination, reorganization, or like transaction in which MobileCause is not the survivor, (6) it is necessary to protect and defend the rights or property of MobileCause, (7) it is necessary to act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of MobileCause customers, visitors to MobileCause’s website or the public, or (8) otherwise as we are required or permitted by law.
We occasionally contract with other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivering purchases, answering customer questions about products or services, sending postal mail and processing event registration. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
If you are a California resident, you may ask us to refrain from sharing your information (whether collected online or offline) with third parties for their marketing purposes. Please tell us your preference by contacting us as indicated in the “Contacting Us” section of this
Policy.
Information Collected from Children
www.mobilecause.com is a general audience site, and we do not knowingly collect information about children or sell products to children under the age of 13.  If you are under the age of 13, you must ask your parent or guardian to assist you in using our website.  Furthermore, we may restrict entries to any contests, sweepstakes or promotions to entrants who are at least 18 years of age.
Promotional Emails
We may send you e-mails with promotional offers, special event information, sales notifications or other messages only if you opt-in to receiving such e-mails.  If you would no longer like to receive such e-mails from us, please follow the “Unsubscribe” instructions at the end of each email or contact us at [email protected].  Your e-mail address will be removed from our marketing list.  Please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request, as some promotions may already be in process.
Email
We appreciate your questions and comments about our website and services and welcome your email messages to mailboxes listed on our website.  We will share your messages with those within and outside our organization who may be able to address the issues contained in your message.  We will keep a copy of your message until we have had an opportunity to address your concerns.  We may archive your message for a certain period of time or discard it, but your email message will not be used for any other purpose.
Access to Your Personal Information
We will provide you with the means to ensure that your personal information is correct and current. If you are a registered user of our website, you may review and update this information at any time on www.MobileCause.com.  Registered users can view and edit personal information they have already given us.  All users can subscribe or unsubscribe to MobileCause email newsletters and blogs.
We require you to enter your password for security purposes before you update your email address, user name, password, and/or your security question and answer. If you change your email address, we send an email to both your old and new email addresses.
Security of Your Personal Information
We restrict access to personal information collected about you at our website to our employees, our affiliates’ employees, those who are otherwise specified in this Policy, or others who need to know that information to provide services to you or in the course of conducting our business operations or activities. While no website can guarantee security, we maintain appropriate physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information collected via the website.  We protect our databases with various physical, technical and procedural measures and we restrict access to your information by unauthorized persons.  We also advise all MobileCause employees about their responsibility to protect customer data and we provide them with appropriate guidelines for adhering to our company’s business ethics standards and confidentiality policies.  Inside MobileCause, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access.
Links to Other Websites
For your convenience, we may provide links to other websites and web pages that we do not control.  We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of any websites or pages not under our control and we do not endorse any of these websites or pages, the services or products described or offered on such sites or pages, or any of the content contained on those sites or pages.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a piece of information that a web server may place on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are commonly used by websites to improve the user experience and have not been known to transmit computer viruses or otherwise harm your computer.  Many cookies last only through a single website session, or visit. Others may have an expiration date, or may remain on your computer until you delete them.
We may use cookies for a number of purposes – for example, to maintain continuity during a user session, to gather data about the usage of our website for research and other purposes, to store your preferences for certain kinds of information and marketing offers, or to store a user name or encrypted identification number so that you do not have to provide this information every time you return to our website.  To ensure we are publishing content customers need and want, MobileCause collects aggregated site-visitation statistics using cookies. When someone visits the site, a cookie is placed on the customer’s machine (if the customer accepts cookies) or is read if the customer has visited the website previously.
Our cookies will track only your activity relating to your online activity on this website, and will not track your other Internet activity. Our cookies do not gather personally identifiable information.
You can decide if and how your computer will accept a cookie by configuring your preferences or options in your browser. However, if you choose to reject cookies, you may not be able to use certain of our online products and services or website features.  For example, if you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from MobileCause’s website, you will need to re-enter your personal information each time that you attempt to access premium information.
Certain pages on our websites contain “web beacons” (also know as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs). These web beacons allow third parties to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in cookies set by the third party.
An IP address is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. When you visit our website, we may view the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. We use this information to determine the general physical location of the device and understand from what regions of the world our website visitors come. We also may use this information to enhance our website.
Contests, Sweepstakes and Other Promotions
On our website, you may wish to participate in contests, sweepstakes and other promotions that we may offer from time to time. Through these promotions, you may choose to participate in activities such as sharing information found on our websites with others and sending email invitations.  If you choose to participate in these promotions, and are eligible to do so, we may ask you for information such as your name, email address, date of birth and telephone number.
In connection with any contests, sweepstakes and other promotions that we may offer from time to time via the website, we use the information you provide to administer the contests, sweepstakes and other promotions.  We also may use the information to communicate with you, or the other people you select, about our products and services or our partners may use such information to communicate with you about the contests, sweepstakes or other promotions or their products and services. As mentioned above, if you create a profile and submit an entry in connection with a contest or promotion, your name, profile and entry, but not your email address, phone number and age, will be visible to other website users.  We will not use information you provide about other people for any purpose except the purpose you direct without first getting their consent.
Changes to this Policy
MobileCause may update this Policy at any time and from time to time. The most recent version of the Policy is reflected by the version date located at the bottom of this Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy or would like to learn more about how we protect privacy, please write to us at;
MobileCause, Inc.
27001 Agoura Road Suite 350A
Calabasas, CA 91301
or email [email protected]

 

Updated – January 2016

 
 
 
 
Web User Privacy Policy was last modified:  August 19th, 2016 by mobilecause  
 
 

 


Pin It on Pinterest


























MobileCause Reviews - CB Insights


























×
Name your new list


Come up with a name for your new list and we'll add  to it:




Cancel
Create list

 








Customers


Case Studies & Testimonials




All 68 testimonials




Deal Makers

Venture Capital
Corporate Development / M&A
Corporate Venture Capital
Sales & Business Development
Investment Banks
Wealth Management
Growth Equity Investors



Strategy / Product

Corporate Strategy
Corporate Innovation
Competitive Intelligence
Strategy Consulting
Product Development





Advisors / Consulting

Investment Banks
Lawyers
Strategy Consulting



Non-profits

Universities
Economic Development






Platform

Venture Capital Database

Insights & Company Intel

Business Social Graph

Mosaic Rating

Company Mosaic
Investor Mosaic
Market Mosaic



Analytics & Data Viz

Industry Analytics
Investor Analytics
Geo Analytics





Venture Capital and M&A/IPO Data

Deal Feeds & Alerts



Productivity Tools

Chrome browser plugin
Mobile app





Services

On-Demand Research
Custom Content / Marketing Services
Expert By CB Insights


Research

Get our newsletter (145K+ have it)
Reports
Webinars
Research blog
Insurance Tech blog


The Company

About Us
Press
We're hiring
Team Blog


Pricing
Try us for free
Log in





Login


Try us for free


Customers




Case studies & testimonials




Read all 68 testimonials



Deal Makers

Venture Capital Firms
Corporate Venture
Corporate Development / M&A
Growth Equity Investors
Investment Banks
Wealth Management

Advisors / Consulting

Law firms
Strategy Consulting



Strategy / Product

Strategy Consulting
Corporate Strategy
Corporate Innovation
Competitive Intelligence
Product Development
Sales and Business Development

Non-profits

Universities
Economic Development Organizations







Platform





Insights & Company Intel





Business Social Graph








Mosaic Rating

Company Mosaic
Investor Mosaic
Market Mosaic






Venture Capital and M&A/IPO Data

Venture Capital Database
Private Company Valuations & Multiples





Analytics & Data Viz

Industry Analytics
Investor Analytics
Geo Analytics






Productivity Tools






Chrome browser plugin











Mobile app













Services



On-Demand Research
Custom Content / Marketing Services
Expert By CB Insights




Research



Get our newsletter (145K+ have it)
Reports
Webinars
Research blog
Insurance Tech blog




The Company



About Us
Press
We're hiring
Team Blog




Pricing











Already a member? Click here to login  
	              Close



 


 MobileCause 
mobilecause.com



Download PDF
Follow






					Public lists:					
fin tech ( fintech ) (6374) 






Dashboard
Performance
Jobs
Financing
Board
Competitors
Patents








							MobileCause provides web software service for mobile giving, engagement, CRM, and donor communication for nonprofits. MobileCause delivers a suite of mobile engagement tools to nationally recognized nonprofit organizations. The company's products include Mobile Giving, Mobile Pledging, Viral Pledging, Mobile Messaging, Mobile CRM and Mobile App.							

							MobileCause provides web software service for mobile giving, engagement, CRM, and donor communication for nonprofits. MobileCause delivers a suite of mobile engagement tools to nationally recognized nonprofit organizations. The company's products inc...Show all 
Company (Alive / Active)



All investors data
6 Investors

DCM VenturesLevel EquityMaverick AngelsTech Coast AngelsUndisclosed Investors 



Phone: 888-661-8804
Fax: 



										27001 Agoura Road										350A 

										Agoura Hills, 										91301 

										California, 										United States 







Latest News








See all 0  articles





See more competitors data Competitors




Total Funding
Date of Last Funding




MobileCause


													$26.2M												



													Jan 9, 2017												




See all 0  competitors














Web Traffic

Rank


Show
(-10)


Engagement (PVPU)


Show
(+1%)


Domain Authority Score
Show
Page Views Per Million (PVPM)
Show
Reach Per Million
Show




Rank
Page Views Per User (PVPU)
Page Views Per Million (PVPM)
Reach Per Million (RPM)




1W
1M
6M
1Y




  





1W
1M
6M
1Y




  





1W
1M
6M
1Y










1W
1M
6M
1Y










 


SEO Statistics




Domain Authority Score
Show


Page Authority Score
Show


No. External Links
Show


No. Links
Show






Web Traffic Statistics - Growth





Per Week
Per Month
Per 6 Months
Per Year




Rank
 Login to see details


Page Views Per Million
 Login to see details


Page Views Per User
 Login to see details


Reach Per Million
 Login to see details












Related MobileCause Jobs

jobs by 






						There is no Financing data available for this company. Please select another tab.
					

Investors




Investor
Investor Type
Location
Participating Rounds








								See all 6  investors
							







						There is no Board of Directors data available for this company. Please select another tab.
					



								Board Members
							




Name
Firm



Login to see detailsLevel Equity 









						There is no Competitors data available for this company. Please select another tab.
					



								Competitors
							




Company
Status
Description
Investors






See all 0  competitors







Patents



Title
Application Date
Patent Date
Status (Patent / Application)





													Systems and methods for fundraising via mobile applications												

Nov 17, 2010
Jun 25, 2013
Patent








 
























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















MobileCause Fundraising and Donor Engagement




































 












Call today for a free demo (888) 661-8804

 
 
 









Menu

 








 









Accelerate your fundraising
and donor engagement programs

 

Our mission is to empower nonprofit organizations with
innovative solutions that help them do more good.

 
Get started

 
 
 




Accelerate your fundraising
and donor engagement programs

 

Our mission is to empower nonprofit organizations with innovative solutions that help them do more good.

 
Get started

 
 
 




At MobileCause, your cause is our cause.

 

Our goal is to help nonprofit organizations raise more money for their cause with less time and effort. With MobileCause, fundraisers can better communicate with current donors, acquire new donors, and inspire recurring donations through our suite of solutions that accelerate fundraising and donor engagement programs.

 
 
 
 









Giving and Donor
Engagement
Collect donations, volunteer sign-ups, event registrations, donor surveys, petitions and more from anywhere on any device.
Learn more

 

 
 





Live and Digital
Fundraising Events
Create an exciting moment of giving with a live fundraising thermometer and integrated event registrations, reminders, tickets, and donations.
Learn more

 

 
 





Crowdfunding and Peer-
to-Peer Fundraising
Gain new donors with the most popular form of fundraising for individuals, teams, and corporate partners with campaigns for runs, walks, swims, rides, disaster relief, mission trips, and more.
Learn more

 

 
 





Donor Communication
and Campaign Marketing
Stay connected with donors and promote upcoming campaigns and events across communication channels to drive increased participation and fundraising results.
Learn more

 

 
 





Donor Reporting, Gift Management and Subscriptions
Track, analyze, and import or export your donor data with ease. You can even verify existing mobile numbers, manage recurring gifts, and set up automatic email tax receipts.
Learn more

 

 
 





Credit Card Processing
and Merchant Services
MobileCause is PCI DSS certified for the highest level of donor security. Our unique system allows you to manage all aspects of the donation experience with 0% transaction fees for all donations and payments.
Learn more

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 








United Way
Arrowhead United Way raised more than $2M from over 5000 donors with a one-person staff.
“MobileCause has given our small staff the fundraising tools it needs to have a huge impact in the community.”
Porsche Nichols-McCoy, Director of Resource Development

See examples
 

 
 






Arts and Culture
Inner City Arts CEO raised $16,630 from his friends and family.
“MobileCause makes it as easy as possible for people to give and set up their own fundraising pages.”
Aubrey Woolverton, Giving Manager

See examples
 

 
 






Animal Care
Wildlife SOS raised more than $146,000 in individual donations from over 2350 donors.
“MobileCause makes it easy for our donors to give in the moment from anywhere.”
Kate Schnepel, Development Director

See examples
 

 
 






Faith Based
Faith Farm gained $116,000 more in revenue while saving $45,000 in advertising costs
“MobileCause has helped us lower our costs, increase revenues, and embrace the power of mobile marketing”
Judy Walters, Project Manager

See examples
 

 
 






Healthcare
Int’l Medical Corps raised $365,000 from 157 donors at their annual awards celebration.
“MobileCause makes giving at events exciting! Every single attendee is empowered to become an important part of our mission.”
Shelley Wenk, Communications Specialist

See examples
 

 
 






Higher Education
CSUMB raised $10,090 from students in 36 hours via online, mobile and in-person donations
“MobileCause digital fundraising helped us to reach our goal in just 36 hours. Wow, no one thought we could do it!”
Jennifer Martinez, Major Gift Officer

See examples
 

 
 






Human Services
Food Share raised more than $720,000 from over 2070 donors on their website.
“MobileCause makes it easy for our donors to give with a credit card in response to digital and print campaigns on mobile-friendly forms.”
Jillian Wade, Development Director

See examples
 

 
 






K-12
Westminster Christian Academy families and sponsors raised $156,000 with peer-to-peer fundraising during their Feed the Need campaign.
“We set an ambitious goal to feed hungry children in Haiti and Liberia. With the funds raised our kids packed 30,000 meals in just 6 hours to be shipped overseas.”
WCA Parents

See examples
 

 
 






Social Advocacy
Break the Silence Against Domestic Violence Angel Run raised $45,000 from 414 runners!
“MobileCause has been hands down the best investment our organization has made thus far. Text to give is the easiest way to get donations!”
Kristen Paruginog, Executive Director

See examples
 

 
 






Youth Development
YOUTHrive raised $37,000 with crowdfunding to launch a new program.
“We had a sense of urgency to launch to our program in one month. The convenience of MobileCause helped make this possible.”
Tim Gay, Founder and President

See examples
 

 
 






Salvation Army
Salvation Army of Boise raised $59,000 from over 200 registrants with real-time donations displayed on screen.
“The MobileCause fundraising thermometer is the central element that drives incremental revenue at a live event.”
Angela MacIntosh, Digital Specialist

See examples
 

 
 
 
 
 




Online giving and donor engagement

 

Collect donations, volunteer sign-ups, event registrations, donor surveys, petitions and more from anywhere on any device.
Learn more

 
 




 
 


 
 



Live and digital fundraising events


 

Create an exciting moment of giving with a live fundraising thermometer and integrated event registrations, reminders, tickets, and donations.
Learn more

 
 




 
 


 
 



Crowdfunding and peer-to-peer fundraising

 

Gain new donors with the most popular form of fundraising for individuals, teams, and corporate partners with campaigns for runs, walks, swims, rides, disaster relief, mission trips, and more.
Learn more

 
 




 
 


 
 



Donor communication and marketing


 

Stay connected with donors and promote upcoming campaigns and events across communication channels to drive increased participation and fundraising results.
Learn more

 
 




 
 


 
 



Donor Reporting, Gift Management and Subscriptions


 

Track, analyze, and import or export your donor data with ease. You can even verify existing mobile numbers, manage recurring gifts, and set up automatic email tax receipts.
Learn more

 
 




 
 


 
 



Credit card processing and merchant services


 

MobileCause is PCI DSS certified for the highest level of donor security. Our unique system allows you to manage all aspects of the donation experience with 0% transaction fees for all payments.
Learn more

 
 




 
 
 




Read the latest news and insights

 

There’s always something new happening here. Check out our latest fundraising ideas, company news and free webinar series. You can also subscribe to our blog.

 
 
 



Fundraising Ideas

 

 
 
 
Fundraising Game Plan Steps for Nonprofits [Infographic]
 Jul 26, 2017 Learn the three simple campaign planning steps that will help your organization effectively connect with donors and supporters to maximize results before, during, and after every fundraising event.
read more
 
 
 


Company News

 

 
 
 
MobileCause Announces Q2 2017 Product Release to  Advance Hub for Nonprofit Fundraising and Donor Engagement
 Jul 19, 2017 MobileCause product enhancements consolidate 25 point solutions into a single software platform.
read more
 
 
 


Webinars

 

 
 
 
On-Demand Training Webinar: Building Your Annual Fundraising Game Plan
 Jul 11, 2017 Learn how to build a focused annual fundraising plan that integrates both traditional and digital campaigns.
read more
 
 
 
 
 




We create the campaigns. You focus on running your organization.

 

Our team of digital marketing experts work hands-on with you on each component of your campaign to ensure it has all the elements of success. From identifying fundraising strategies to campaign setup, we’ll partner with you every step of the way so you can achieve your fundraising goals. Learn more

 
 
 





 
 
 
 
 




We create the campaigns. You focus on running your organization.

 

Our team of digital marketing experts work hands-on with you on each component of your campaign to ensure it has all the elements of success. Learn more

 
 
 





 
 
 
 
 
MobileCause Homepage was last modified:  July 11th, 2017 by [email protected]  
 
 






Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




YouTube





Instagram





Login Customer Terms Donor Terms Compliance Privacy Contact
27001 Agoura Road 350A, Calabasas, CA 91301


© 2017 MobileCause | All Rights Reserved 

 

 
 
 


Pin It on Pinterest





















Terms and Conditions of Platform Use | MobileCause






























 

















MobileCause Customer Terms and Conditions of Platform Use
Download PDF

 

UPDATED: 102616
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY.  BY ACCESSING OR USING MOBILECAUSE’S PLATFORM, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN AND ALL TERMS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE MOBILECAUSE’S PLATFORM.
These terms and conditions of use (“Platform Terms”) apply to your (“Company”) access to, and use of, the
Platform of MobileCause, Inc. (“MobileCause”) that allows you to receive donations, collect data from forms, and send text messages to end users via mobile, tablet and PC devices (the “Platform”).  These Platform Terms do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other signed agreement you may have with MobileCause, or its subsidiaries or affiliates, for products, services or otherwise.  If you are using the Platform on behalf of any entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to accept these Platform Terms on such entity’s behalf, and that such entity agrees to indemnify you and MobileCause for violations of these Terms.  The services contained on or provided in connection with the Site, the Platform, or the MobileCause Materials shall be collectively considered the “Services.”
To the full extent permitted by applicable law, MobileCause reserves the right to change or modify any of the terms and conditions contained in the Platform Terms or any policy or guideline of the Platform, at any time and in its sole discretion by providing notice the Platform Terms have been modified.  Such notice may be provided by sending an email, by posting a notice on MobileCause’s proprietary website located at www.mobilecause.com (the “Site”), by posting the revised Platform Terms on the Site and revising the date at the top of these Platform Terms or by such other form of notice as determined by MobileCause.  Your continued use of the Platform following the posting of the revised Platform Terms or other notice of such changes will constitute your acceptance of such changes or modifications if you fail to notify MobileCause of any objections. Otherwise, any changes or modification will be effective within thirty (30) days of the notice of the revisions on the Site unless you notify MobileCause within such thirty (30) days that you do not agree to the changes and stop using the Platform. Therefore, you should review these Platform Terms whenever you access the Site and at least every thirty (30) days to make sure that you understand the terms and conditions that will apply to your use of the Platforms.
If you have any question regarding the use of the Platform, please refer first to the Frequently Asked Questions (https://www.mobilecause.com/faq/) on the Site.  All other questions or comments about the Platform or its contents should be directed to [email protected]
1.	Privacy Policy 
Please refer to our Privacy Policy (https://www.mobilecause.com/privacy/) for information on how MobileCause collects, uses and discloses personally identifiable information from end users. MobileCause will not sell, license, transmit, or disclose end user personal information for marketing purposes. 
2.	Payment
a.	Credit Card and Payment Authorization for use of the Platform.  You hereby authorize MobileCause to charge the credit card or bank account provided by you upon registration (and as may be updated by you from time to time) for all recurring fees and or charges for the use of the Platform and receipt of the Services (the “Services Fees”).  Only if approved will MobileCause invoice Platform fees, which are due and payable upon receipt. All Agreements are annual and paid annually in advance unless otherwise approved by MobileCause. MobileCause may suspend your account and access to the Platform immediately upon non-payment by you of the applicable Services Fees. 
b.	Remittance Details.  If Company chooses and is approved for a merchant and payment services account, all funds will be directly deposited from payment processor into the designated Company bank account with credit card processing fees invoiced monthly. An application for setting up a no additional cost merchant account is included in your welcome email. Be advised, we recommend setting up a full merchant account with full Company name showing up on credit card statements as this reduces disputed charges from end user donors. 
As an optional service, Company may choose a non-merchant account where MobileCause will be responsible for remitting to you all donations collected for your campaigns under an aggregated account showing “Donation” on End User credit card statements. These donations fulfilled by credit card will be paid out to you by check, less applicable fees including the Processing Fees, twice per month for the periods of the 1st to 15th day and 16th to 30th day of the month (each, a “Donation Period”).   MobileCause will retain a processing fee (the “Processing Fee”) of 2.5% of all donations to you. Three business days are required for processing at the close of each Donation Period. Should you become insolvent or go bankrupt MobileCause reserves the right to refund or redistribute donations outstanding to any other entity MobileCause deems acceptable and eligible, but only after 3 failed attempts to remit funds to you at the Company provided contact information.    
c.	Records and Inspection Rights.  As it relates to these Platform Terms, both parties shall keep and maintain at its regular place of business a record of collected and remitted donations in addition to uncollectible amounts at all times while you use the Platform and for three (3) years following termination of your access to the Platform.
d.	Uncollectible.  In the event MobileCause receives notice of a disputed credit card charge and the disputed amount is reversed by the end user’s credit card company, the disputed amount will be deemed uncollectible and funds will not be remitted to Company for the applicable donation. If remittance to Company of said donation has occurred, then you agree to allow MobileCause to offset any uncollectible amounts against future amounts owed to Company. If no additional money is owed, MobileCause will invoice Company for any such uncollectible amounts. Such amounts are due and payable upon your receipt of the invoice.
e.	Communication with Donors.  You are responsible for providing your donors with any appropriate acknowledgment of their donation, and can set up automated tax receipts on the Platform as an option at your discretion. An automated receipt acknowledgement will be emailed and/or sent via text message upon successful completion of all donations to End User. 
3.	Copyright and Limited License
Unless otherwise indicated on the Site, the Site, the Platform, and all content and other materials on the Site and the Platform, including, without limitation, MobileCause’s logo, and all designs, text, graphics, pictures, information, data, software, sound files, other files and the selection and arrangement thereof (collectively, the “MobileCause Materials”) are the proprietary property of MobileCause or its licensors or users and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.  
You are granted a limited, non-sub licensable license to access and use the Platform and electronically copy (except where prohibited without a license) and print to hard copy portions of the MobileCause Materials for your informational, non-commercial and business use only.  Such license is subject to these Platform Terms and does not include: (a) any resale of the Platform or the MobileCause Materials therein; (b) the distribution, public performance or public display of any MobileCause Materials except as expressly provided in these Platform Terms; (c) modifying or otherwise making any derivative uses of the Platform and the MobileCause Materials, or any portion thereof; (d) use of any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods; (e) downloading (other than the page caching) of any portion of the Platform, the MobileCause Materials or any information contained therein, except as expressly permitted on the Platform; or (f) any use of the Platform or the MobileCause Materials other than for its intended purpose.  Any use of the Platform or the MobileCause Materials other than as specifically authorized herein, without the prior written permission of MobileCause, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein.  Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws including without limitation copyright and trademark laws and applicable communications regulations and statutes.  Unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Platform Terms shall be construed as conferring any license to intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise.  This license is revocable at any time.
4.	Repeat Infringer Policy  
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and other applicable law, MobileCause has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at MobileCause’s sole discretion, subscribers or account holders who are deemed to be repeat infringers.  MobileCause may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Platform and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
5.	Copyright Complaints 
If you believe that anything on the Platform infringes upon any copyright which you own or control you may file a notification of such infringement with our Designated Agent as set forth below.
•	Name of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement:  Gerard Mackey
•	Full Address of Designated Agent to Which Notification Should be Sent: 27001 Agoura Road, Suite 350A, Calabasas, CA 91302
•	Telephone Number of Designated Agent: (888) 661-8804
•	E-Mail Address of Designated Agent: [email protected]
Please see 17 U.S.C. §512(c)(3) for the requirements of a proper notification.  You should note that if you knowingly misrepresent in your notification that the material or activity is infringing, you may be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred by us or the alleged infringer as the result of our relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing.
6.	Trademarks 
MobileCause acknowledges that Company asserts the copyright ownership in all copyrighted or copyrightable works, marks, or data provided or created by Company. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed an assignment or transfer of Company ownership rights in Company materials provided to MobileCause for use on the Platform or Services. 
“MobileCause,” MobileCause’s logos and any other MobileCause product or service name or slogan contained in the Platform are trademarks of MobileCause, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of MobileCause or the applicable trademark holder.  You may not use any metatags or any other “hidden text” utilizing “MobileCause” or any other name, trademark or product or service name of MobileCause without our prior written permission.  In addition, the look and feel of the Platform, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the service mark, trademark and/or trade dress of MobileCause and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission.  All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Platform are the property of their respective owners.  Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof by us.  
7.	Submissions 
In the event that features, enhancements, or improvements are made to MobileCause products and services, the Site, the Platform, MobileCause or MobileCause’s product or services as the result of your questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, notes, drawings, original or creative materials or other information, that are provided by you in the form of email or other submissions to MobileCause (“Suggestions”), such Suggestions shall be deemed non-confidential and shall become the sole property of MobileCause.  MobileCause shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these materials for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.
8.	User Content and Conduct
The Platform will provide you with the opportunity to create your own fundraising campaigns, collect data through forms and send messages to actual or potential supporters or donors (“User Content”).  You are solely responsible for your use of these features and use them at your own risk.  You agree not to knowingly post, upload to, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish through the Platform any of the following:
a.    User Content that is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory, false, misleading, fraudulent or otherwise legally objectionable;
b.    User Content that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law, including, without limitation, the regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any rules of a securities exchange such as the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ;
c.    User Content that may infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party.  By posting any User Content, you represent and certify that you have the lawful right to distribute and reproduce such User Content;
d.    User Content that impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity;
e.    Any unsolicited: promotions, political campaigning, advertising or solicitations;
f.     Private information from any third party that is not your data, including, without limitation, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, Social Security numbers and credit card numbers;
g.    Viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files; and
h.    User Content that, in the reasonable judgment of MobileCause, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Platform or the Site, or which may expose MobileCause or its users to any harm or liability of any type.
You further agree, the extent permitted by applicable law, that you are solely responsible for your conduct while using the Platform, and you agree that you will not do any of the following in connection with the Platform, the Site, or its users: 
a.	Use the Platform in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit other users from fully enjoying the Platform or that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the functioning of the Platform in any manner;
b.	Impersonate or post on behalf or any person or entity or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
c.	Cheat or utilize unauthorized exploits in connection with the Platform;
d.	Stalk, intimidate, threaten, or otherwise harass or cause discomfort to other users;
e.	Send distribute or post spam, unsolicited commercial electronic communications, chain letters, or pyramid schemes;
f.	Harvest or otherwise collect information about end users, including email addresses, without their consent;
g.	Use the Platform or any MobileCause Materials for any illegal or unauthorized purpose or engage in, encourage, or promote any illegal activity, or any activity that violates these Platform Terms; or
h.	Circumvent or attempt to circumvent any filtering, security measures or other features MobileCause may from time to time adopt to protect the Site, the Platform, its users or third parties.
MobileCause takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content posted, stored or uploaded by you or any third party, or for any loss or damage thereto, or for any user conduct, nor is MobileCause liable for any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography or profanity you may encounter.  Your use of the Platform’s messaging services is at your own risk.  Enforcement of the User Content or conduct rules set forth in these Platform Terms is solely at MobileCause’s discretion, and failure to enforce such rules in some instances does not constitute a waiver of our right to enforce such rules in other instances.  In addition, these rules do not create any private right of action on the part of any third party or any reasonable expectation that the Platform will not contain any content that is prohibited by such rules.   As a provider of interactive services, MobileCause is not liable for any statements, representations or User Content provided by its users in any public forum, website, message or other communication.  Although MobileCause has no obligation to screen, edit or monitor any of the User Content posted in or related to any campaign, MobileCause reserves the right, and has absolute discretion, to remove, screen or edit any User Content posted or stored on the Platform at any time and for any reason without notice, and you are solely responsible for creating backup copies of and replacing any User Content you post or store on the Platform at your sole cost and expense.  Any use of the Platform, including the creation or maintenance of a fundraising campaign or communicating with actual or potential supporters or donors in violation of the foregoing violates these Platform Terms and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Platform and any services incorporated into the Platform.  
You own all User Content that you post to the Platform. You represent and certify that (a) you own and control all of the rights to the User Content that you post or you otherwise have the right to post such User Content to the Platform; (b) the User Content is accurate and not misleading; and (c) use and posting of the User Content you supply does not violate these Platform Terms and will not violate any rights of or cause injury to any person or entity. Solely for the purposes of utilization of the Platform and facilitation of Services, if you post User Content to the Platform, unless indicated otherwise, you grant MobileCause and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such User Content throughout the world in any media on or in connection with the Platform and the promotion thereof including without limitation the right to use your name, likeness, or identity.  You grant MobileCause and its affiliates and sub-licensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content in connection with the Platform and the promotion thereof, if we choose.  You understand and agree that the use of your or other users’ name, likeness, or identity in connection with various features on the Platform does not imply any endorsement of such feature or of the Platform of the MobileCause unless explicitly stated otherwise.  
9.	Registration Data; Account Security
In consideration of your use of the Platform, you agree to (a) provide accurate, current and complete information about you as may be prompted by any registration forms on the Site or the Platform (“Registration Data”); (b) maintain the security of your password and identification; (c) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data, and any other information you provide to MobileCause, to keep it accurate, current and complete; and (d) accept all risks of unauthorized access to the Registration Data and any other information you provide to MobileCause. 
10.	Export Restrictions 
Any software and all underlying information and technology downloaded or viewed from the Site or the Platform (collectively the “Software or Technical Data”) by you may be subject to U.S. export controls, including the Export Administration Act (50 U.S.C. Appx. §§ 2401 et seq.) and the Export Administration Regulations (50 C.F.R. Parts 730-774), and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries.  You are responsible for complying with all trade regulations and laws both foreign and domestic.  Except as authorized by law, you agree and warrant not to export or re-export the Software or Technical Data to any country, or to any person, entity, or end-user subject to U.S. export controls, including without limitation persons or entities listed on the U.S. Department of Commerce Bureau of Export Administration’s Denied Parties List and the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Specially Designated Nationals.  You further represent and warrant that no U.S. federal agency has suspended, revoked, or denied your export privileges.
11.	Indemnification
You agree to defend and hold harmless MobileCause, its independent contractors, service providers and consultants, and their respective directors, employees and agents (the “MobileCause Indemnitees”) from and against any claims, actions, and lawsuits, and indemnify the MobileCause Indemnitees for all damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or related to any User Content you post, store or otherwise transmit on or through the Platform or your use of the Services, including without limitation any actual or threatened suit, demand or claim made against MobileCause and/or its independent contractors, service providers, employees, directors or consultants, arising out of or relating to the User Content, your conduct, your violation of these Platform Terms or your violation of the rights of any third party. 
12.	Disclaimer 
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN A WRITING BY MOBILECAUSE, THE SITE, THE PLATFORM, THE MOBILECAUSE MATERIALS AND THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.  MOBILECAUSE DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AS TO THE PLATFORM AND THE SERVICES, INCLUDING THE INFORMATION, CONTENT AND MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN.  MOBILECAUSE DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT MATERIALS IN THE PLATFORM OR THE SERVICES ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT OR ERROR-FREE.  MOBILECAUSE DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE PLATFORM OR ITS SERVERS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
MOBILECAUSE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS OR OMISSIONS RELATING TO DONATIONS, PRICING, TEXT OR PHOTOGRAPHY.  WHILE MOBILECAUSE ATTEMPTS TO MAKE YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF THE PLATFORM AND THE SERVICES SAFE, MOBILECAUSE CANNOT AND DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE PLATFORM OR ITS SERVER(S) ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS; THEREFORE, YOU SHOULD USE INDUSTRY-RECOGNIZED SOFTWARE TO DETECT AND DISINFECT VIRUSES FROM ANY DOWNLOAD.
MobileCause reserves the right to change any and all content contained in the Platform and to modify, suspend or discontinue the Platform or any Services offered through the Platform or any features or functionality of the Platform or the Services at any time without notice and without obligation or liability to you.  Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof, or any affiliation therewith, by MobileCause. 
MobileCause is a service provider and not a professional fundraiser. MobileCause does not directly solicit funds from any End User. Direct fundraising and communication to End Users is the sole responsibility of the Company. 
13.	Limitation of Liability 
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW: (A) IN NO EVENT SHALL MOBILECAUSE, ITS DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE PLATFORM, THE SERVICES, THE CONTENT OR THE MATERIALS CONTAINED IN OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY OR RESULTING FROM RELIANCE BY USER ON ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM MOBILECAUSE, OR THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES OR EMAIL, ERRORS, DEFECTS, VIRUSES, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, WHETHER OR NOT RESULTING FROM ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO MOBILECAUSE’S RECORDS, PROGRAMS OR SERVICES; AND (B) IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF MOBILECAUSE, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE OR IMPUTED), PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE PLATFORM OR THE SERVICES OR TO THESE PLATFORM TERMS EXCEED ANY COMPENSATION YOU PAY, IF ANY, TO MOBILECAUSE FOR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE PLATFORM. 
14.	Applicable Law and Venue 
These Platform Terms and your use of the Platform shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, applicable to agreements made and to be entirely performed within the State of California, without resort to its conflict of law provisions.  You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these Platform Terms shall be filed only in the state and federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of these Platform Terms. 
15.	Term and Termination 
Term. This Agreement shall become effective upon the Effective Date of the Agreement for a term of one year, unless otherwise agreed, and will auto renew for successive one-year terms until terminated as set forth below.
Termination. Company may choose not to renew this agreement beyond the initial 1-year term by providing notice at any time at least 30 days prior to renewal date and at any time after the initial one-year term by speaking directly with a MobileCause representative. Company can reach a representative during normal business hours, M-F 9am-5pm PST, by calling (888) 661-8804 and selecting 2 to speak with a representative. Except as otherwise provided herein, there are no refunds for any amounts paid if cancelled without cause. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice if the other party should become bankrupt or enter into liquidation proceedings. In case of material breach hereunder, either party has the right to terminate this Agreement immediately after written notice to the other party specifying the breach if the breach has not been cured within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice specifying such breach. Provided, however, that MobileCause may suspend or terminate this Agreement immediately if, in MobileCause’s discretion, such action is required to meet the requirements or demands of a Vendor, an Operator, or a government agency. On termination of this Agreement those provisions of this Agreement capable of surviving termination shall continue in full force and effect. Any such termination shall only occur if the issue has not been cured within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice specifying such issue. On termination of this Agreement those provisions of this Agreement capable of surviving termination shall continue in full force and effect. In the event of termination of this Agreement, MobileCause shall make available to Company the Company’s data in a portable, non-proprietary format, for a period of at least ninety (90) days after termination notice.
Notwithstanding any of these Platform Terms, MobileCause reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion, to terminate your license to use the Platform, and to block or prevent future your access to and use of the Site. In such case, MobileCause shall, within thirty (30) days of termination, refund the annual Service Fee on a pro-rata basis to Company. 
16.	PCI Compliance Warranty
MobileCause represents and warrants that for the life of the agreement, the software and services used for processing transactions shall be compliant with the then current standards established by the PCI Security Standards Council. See PCI DSS documentation on the website (https://www.mobilecause.com/compliance-and-security/).
17.	Severability 
If any provision of these Platform Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Platform Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. 
18.	Questions & Contact Information 
Questions or comments about the Platform may be directed to MobileCause at the email address [email protected] or by calling us at (888) 661-8804.

 
 
 
 
Terms and Conditions of Platform Use was last modified:  October 27th, 2016 by Steve Page  
 
 

 


Pin It on Pinterest































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


