MoboDexter - Delivering Technology Innovation                      CompanyHomeContact Press Release  AboutBlogInvestFounders                             MoboDexter - Delivering Technology Innovation 15487home,page,page-id-15487,page-template,page-template-full_width,page-template-full_width-php,,qode-title-hidden,side_area_uncovered_from_content,qode-theme-ver-7.9,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-4.9.1,vc_responsiveOUR EDGE INNOVATIONEDGE ANALYTICS AND MACHINE LEARNING  REGISTEROUR DISRUPTIVE INNOVATION IoT ON TOR AND BLOCKCHAINREGISTERIoT on BlockChainRead our BlogIoT on DronesWatch Video / 4  / 4  Our Platform    PAASMER       PAASMER makes it simple for Internet of Things companies to build and launch. We handle all the complicated backend software so teams can focus on beautiful products. Just like Amazon Web Services supports millions of websites, PAASMER will be the out-of-the-box foundation that powers the entire IoT industry. PAASMER is packed with innovation like IoT of Edge, IoT on ToR Network and IoT on Blockchain. Eventually, every smart lightbulb, thermostat, Bluetooth, and Wi-Fi device will rest on our Paasmer software. PAASMER is the foundation of a connected future that’s only just begun. PAASMER team has developed the flexible and versatile software that ties it all together and makes it simple for companies to focus on real innovation and not just the costly foundational infrastructure. You can imagine how you will create and deliver your strategies for more efficiencies for cost-savings, or enhanced services, and we can provide the assurance that the technology will deliver that goal.  In the long term, PAASMER’s goal is to enable Artificial intelligence in Things so that Things can act with their own intelligence in the best interest of the user. PAASMER has arrived at the perfect time just when the IoT industry is about to hit exponential growth. This is an incredible value proposition and opportunity for companies wanting to build their IoT solution. Read More …      About us    STARTED OPERATIONS IN 2013 IN U.S.A & INDIA WITH HQ IN NY. ACHIEVED PROFITABILITY FROM REVENUE & STARTED IOT R&D IN 2014. SIGNEDUP GARTNER INC AS ADVISOR TO MOBODEXTER IOT PLATFORM GOT BRAND NAME AS “PAASMER”. PAASMER IS A UNIQUE GATEWAY CENTRIC PLATFORM ARCHITECTURE. PAASMER FIRST PUBLIC DEMO DONE IN IOTASIA 2016 AND SIGNED UP CLIENTS FOR PAASMER. SEE MORE  Mobodexter Corporate Profile  Watch Video    OUR  PARTNERS        OUR CLIENTS                                Blogs-Mobodexter | Delivering Technology Innovation        Internet Of Things and Open Source  May 26, 2016April 1, 2017  Srinidhi Murthy Srinidhi MurthyInternet of Things is technological break through that affects our lives in ways unimaginable before. It has a wide spectrum of application ranging from the Micro to the Macro, from our daily essentials to nuclear reactors and much more.Getting an IoT product out in the market is an extremely task. There are challenges involved are in design of Hardware, Software, Cloud and Analytic’s components. However there are quiet a few common areas amongst all products. The need for sensors to be connected via wired or wireless mediums to centralized severs, data collection, interpretation and analysis on the data.The challenges in each of the components can be overcome by using Open Source technologies. We talk about a few of them below.Open Hardware, Software and StandardsUsing tried and tested industrial grade components, sensors, development boards and commercial friendly open source software licenses for products saves a lot of over head in development of components and its sub sequence testing. It also reduces the time to market of the products as the based Hardware and software are already available and only custom changes specific to the product under development needs effort.Open platforms like the Raspberry Pi, Arduino and Beagle Bone enable developers with limited hardware and low-level software expertise to develop applications in days rather than months. If the correct platforms are chosen, leveraging open source technologies that communicate with each other can significantly reduce the time and effort to get prototypes from paper to production.Working with multiple vendors and platforms, doors are opened for new innovation. Such partnerships lays the foundation for a new generation of connected applications that can be developed independently from the devices on which they will run.Usage of such components in products changes the mindset of the the key stake holders in the industry and the reluctance to accept them as standards is overcome.Ecosystem and support communityOnce an open source standards is released, it is almost immediately adapted by evangelists that are ready to embrace new technology and explore them to the fullest. This creates a very large ecosystem of variations of the standards that have been released and thus create a very large ecosystem.Such evangelists are also helpful in terms of support and can help in quicker resolution of issues faced during product development, thus creating a more robust product and also reducing the time to market of the product.TakeawayNo one knows what the future is for IoT, but committing to a standards and open source platforms will help drive IoT innovation and bring products to market faster. Standards will also ensure technology inter-op and open source platforms ensure that both hardware and software components can be reused as product platforms evolve.Read More      IoT Adoption – Ambitious growth with Formidable Technical Challenge – How PAASMER fits in?  May 19, 2016May 25, 2016  Chandramouli Srinivasan A recent Gartner survey provided key insights and recommendations on IoT adoption. We recently did an exercise to map these key findings and recommendations to our IoT Platform of A Service – PAASMER.  We have highlighted the points significantly addressed by PAASMER in block letters below. PAASMER – Being a Gateway/Cloud centric architecture addresses the highlighted area in comprehensive manner by design.As stated in PAASMER press coverage on Raconteur online – PAASMER scores extremely high over other existing architectures by being most flexible and scalable.Gartner Key FindingsThe number of IoT projects per organization is surprisingly high; companies that have implemented IoT have, on average, 6.8 different IoT projects, and the number of projects is expected to rise to 11.5 within three years.Heavy (asset-oriented) industries are focused on internal benefits (for example, asset optimization) and plan to implement about twice as many projects (16.3 versus 8.9) as companies in light (service-oriented) industries, which are more focused on external benefits (for example, new revenue sources).Fifty-one percent and 43% of survey respondents identified cybersecurity and integration, respectively, as their top two technical challenges for IoT projects.More than one-third (38%) of respondents that have already implemented or are planning to implement IoT are planning to use an IoT platform for their next IoT project.Gartner RecommendationsCIOs and IT leaders should:Treat IoT project proliferation as a call to action: Consider the role of IoT in your company, and build plans to leverage it by year-end 2016. Expect these “living plans” to evolve over time.Incorporate IoT into your enterprise architecture. Invest in integration middleware either for IoT/OT integration with MES or other applications in heavy industries, or for IoT/IT integration with core enterprise applications, such as ERP, in light industries.Develop a comprehensive cybersecurity strategy early in IoT project planning to mitigate post deployment challenges.Companies that do not yet plan or do not yet know whether they will use an IoT platform for their IoT project should learn more about the maturity and potential benefits of this middleware.Read More      Key Drivers of Business Intelligence & Analytics market  April 22, 2016  Chandramouli Srinivasan Chandramouli SrinivasanThe overall BI and analytics market segment continues to expand and is expected to sustain its 2014 growth rate of 5.8% (adjusted for constant currency) through 2019 — as reflected in Gartner’s current estimate of the compound annual growth rate for the sector. However, this lower rate of growth reflects a market in transition, with changing buying patterns and requirements. Purchasing decisions continue to move from IT leaders to line-of-business executives and users who want more agility and more flexible personalized options — making the land-and-expand model the new norm. This is in stark contrast to the large, enterprise-scale deals that fueled double-digit growth at a time when IT had larger budgets and wielded much more influence in buying decisions.The primary drivers of new growth in this rapidly evolving market are being influenced by the following dynamics:New vendors continue to emerge, offering innovative products to the market for buyers to consider. During the next several years, buyers will benefit from the attention that vendors are giving to the BI and analytics market and will have ample opportunity to invest in the innovative product offerings that are brought to market. The downside of having a plethora of innovative products to pilot and vendors to engage in POCs with, is the tendency for organizations to incur technical debt over time — as multiple stand-alone solutions that demonstrate business value quickly (and hastily) turn into production deployments without adequate attention being paid to design, implementation and support.The increased need for governance will serve as the catalyst for renewed IT engagement as business-user-led deployments expand. When the market shift first began, business users felt empowered to circumvent IT and autonomously purchase and begin using any product that addressed the gaps in their enterprise BI program.Market awareness and adoption of smart data discovery will extend data discovery to a wider range of users, increasing the reach and impact of analytics. These emerging capabilities facilitate discovery of hidden patterns in large, complex and increasingly multi-structured datasets, without building models or writing algorithms or queries.The need for organizations to integrate and derive insight from a growing number of multi-structured data sources will drive innovation in smart self-service data preparation and smart data discovery. Organizations will require sophisticated software capabilities that automate the ingestion, inference, enrichment and creation of search indexes when accessing new data sources.Search-based data discovery enabled by natural-language query will extend the reach of analytics to more users. As BI and analytics platforms increasingly support natural-language query, allowing nontechnical users to analyze data by asking questions in a conversational way, new users are more likely to engage with and leverage analytics.Marketplaces will expand and mature, creating new opportunities for organizations to buy and sell analytic capabilities. The availability of an active marketplace where buyers and sellers converge to exchange analytic applications, aggregated data sources, custom visualizations and algorithms is likely to generate increased interest in the BI and analytics space and to fuel its future growth.Organizations will need to support real-time events and streaming data capture in support of IoT use cases. In order for organizations to prepare for the volume of data that is generated by devices, sensors and people in a connected world, organizations will have to make new investments in products that are designed to capture and process this type of data.Read More      Cloud Services Opportunity – Prime Time for Cloud Service Players to different and win the market place  February 16, 2016February 20, 2016  Chandramouli Srinivasan Chandramouli SrinivasanI was talking to an analyst about cloud services business opportunity for SMB Players like MoboDexter. A few key points emerged that were really interesting and concurred with our understanding as MoboDexter’s Cloud Services Offering is already into this space and working with players like Harman Connected Services. Sharing the key points from this discussion here. (more…) http://blogs.mobodexter.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/Cloud-services.mp3Podcast: Play in new window | DownloadSubscribe: iTunes | Android | RSSRead More      JAR:Load – Cloud Based Web Load Testing Software  January 22, 2016January 22, 2016  Chandramouli Srinivasan Chandramouli SrinivasanI am Happy to announce that MoboDexter Inc. has signed a partnership agreement with JAR Technologies, U.K. to sell their Cloud Based Loading Testing solution called JAR:Load. As part of this agreement, MoboDexter has secured an exclusive pricing deal that can be leveraged by any prospect who wants to purchase JAR: Load through MoboDexter. I want to talk about the reason why I felt this is a compelling tool in the market in comparison to its competitor products.JAR:Load – Stand Out FeaturesJAR: Load is the only enterprise load testing product, delivered from the cloud, that uses real web browsers to simulate load. If you run ANY type of JavaScript (jQuery, GWT, AngularJS, Ember, etc.) on your web-site then you can’t rely on “other” load testers who just record HTTP transactions – they will miss all your dynamic AJAX operations! (more…)http://blogs.mobodexter.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/mdjarload.mp3Podcast: Play in new window | DownloadSubscribe: iTunes | Android | RSSRead More     Search for:    Follow Us                                Press coverageOur much anticipated Mobodexter has been Coverage on “The Times” U.K.  Raconteur Media covered an interview on the launch of IOT platform PAASMER.  MOBODEXTER – Awarded “20 Most Promising Companies In Cyber Security” By CIOReview Magazine.  Sensing opportunity in mobile and niche technology, experienced IT professional starts up MoboDexter.   Recent Posts Internet Of Things and Open Source IoT Adoption – Ambitious growth with Formidable Technical Challenge – How PAASMER fits in? Key Drivers of Business Intelligence & Analytics market Cloud Services Opportunity – Prime Time for Cloud Service Players to different and win the market place JAR:Load – Cloud Based Web Load Testing Software  Archives Archives Select Month May 2016  (2) April 2016  (1) February 2016  (1) January 2016  (1) December 2015  (2) November 2015  (2) August 2015  (3) July 2015  (3) June 2015  (2) May 2015  (3) April 2015  (1) March 2015  (5) February 2015  (3) January 2015  (4) December 2014  (2) CategoriesInternet Of Things (20)Mobodexter Apps (6)Mobodexter Blogs (31)Mobodexter Products (12)MoboMy SmartHome (1)Press Release (1)Sales (1)Technology (15)uncategorized (1) Twitter Tweets by @Mobodexter Like UsMobodexter InstagramFollow Me! TechCrunchStripe acquires Payable to help on-demand businesses manage 1099 tax reportingAirbnb has a new revenue-sharing deal with the NAACPeMarketer’s 2017 forecast puts Roku ahead of Chromecast and others in the U.S. TNWGoogle just killed off one of its biggest features – and you won’t even noticeWhy this wedding industry disruptor is taking a personalized approach to customer serviceRuby on Rails is out: major coding bootcamp ditches it, due to waning interest MashableTrump bars transgender people from military, calls them a "disruption"Blizzard lays out concrete plans to cut down on abuse in 'Overwatch'Sperm counts are dropping in the Western world, but no one is quite sure why entrepreneur5 Helpful Content Tools and Sources for Digital Marketers3 Ways You Can Lead Like Wonder WomanWhy Leading With Value Is a Mistake -- and What to Do Instead Daily DotGoogle is quietly testing out vacation rentals in its hotel searchTrent Reznor rips Trump, calls him a ‘vulgar, grotesque dope’Trump Jr. followed a parody North Korean news channel, and we are screwed fast comapny Services  Cloud  Embedded  Mobility  Products  Apps  Internet Of Things  Resources  Blogs  White papers  Videos  Data Sheets  Infographics  Social  LinkedIn  Blog  Twitter  Google+  Facebook  Company  About  Careers  Partners  Newsroom  Events  US Office – New YorkSuite-103,3415 Greystone Dr, Austin, TX 78731, USA.  +1 845 510 5888 contact@mobodexter.com © 2016 Mobodexter | Privacy Policy                     JAR:load - Mobodexter                   CompanyHomeContact Press Release  AboutBlogInvestFounders                               JAR:load JAR: Load, a cloud based web load, stress and functional testing tool is the latest addition to the Software Performance Testing Tool Market    Unlike other tools in the market place which simply record and replay back traffic, what makes JAR:Load unique in the performance testing market is the reality that it tests using real web browsers just as users themselves would experience interacting on websites.    All current performance testing tools are not equipped to deal with new web technologies like AJAX, HTML 5 and Javascript.  JAR:Load is the only enterprise solution built from the ground up using real browsers and therefore handles these technologies with ease. This explains why so many software test consultancy firms are approaching us continuously.  When recording and replaying back traffic, as the majority of performance testing tools do, if a website changes then these traditional tools will have to be re-scripted in order to adapt with the changes. All scripts will work with our solution no matter what adjustments have been made to the websites.  JAR:Load is an ‘enterprise tool’ without an ‘enterprise price tag.’  The tool has all the features to stand up to the main enterprise grade players in the market such as Soasta, LoadRunner,NeoLoad and Silkperformer, however JAR:Load is priced a lot more competitively than these tools.  JAR:Load also competes with open source tools, including JMeter.  The biggest advantage we have over open sources tools is that JAR: Load is extremely user friendly so that people with basic or no programming experience can use it.The greatly reduced engineering time results in Performance engineers spending less time in testing and more time devoted to other critical tasks.Fast and responsive UX built around process driven testing; allows tests to be created, scaled and analyzed in timescales much quicker than the competition. Reduces the hidden costs of usage.  JAR:Load is available on a number of different pricing models to suit the clients needs. On-Demand The user can pay for tests as and when they need. Daily and Monthly Rental We have both Daily and Monthly Rental options available to provide flexibility to your testing requirements. Bulk Purchase Clients can bulk buy virtual users and draw them down and use them when they need.  Buy Now                         Cloud - Mobodexter                   CompanyHomeContact Press Release  AboutBlogInvestFounders                             Cloud     Accelerate your IT transformation with our cloud Services and achieve a better return of investment on your IT spend. We help our client to migrate/implement the right cloud choice by advocating a strategy that exceeds their short-term and long-term business expectation – Infrastructure (IAAS), platform (PAAS), Software (SAAS).  Cloud StrategyCloud Strategies can help your organization better understand what solutions there are to fit your circumstances and needs.Start-ups – Setup a new cloud environment based on the business need where we setup and manage the cloud implementations. As cost is critical we focus to deliver SAAS like Office365.Small Business – Work smart, Work Fast – Wherever. You are and your business are on the move. That means you need to be able to work from anywhere, across your devices, and have a consistent and fast experience.MidSize Business – Office wherever you need it – To keep up in today’s mobile world, you need to access your tools and files from anywhere, across your devices.Enterprise Business – Office across your devices for powerful collaboration – You need tools you can access anywhere and everywhere that support teamwork.PAAS-platform as a serviceOrganization of various sizes have the need to standardize their development environments as developmnet SILOs inhibit agility and collaboration. We help our clients to migrate to an integrated environment using Platform As A Service so they derive better return on their IT budget.Selecting the right computing platforms which typically includes operating system, programming language execution environment, database, web server etc. like AWS Elastic Beanstalk, Windows Azure, Google App Engine, Apache Stratos.Migrate platforms from existing infrastructure to AWS PAAS.Setup and manage the tools & configuration.Software as a serviceSoftware as a Service Cloud application services or “Software as a Service” (SaaS) is the most popular form of cloud computing and are easy to use. SaaS uses the Web to deliver applications that are managed by a third-party vendor and whose interface is accessed on the clients’ side. Most SaaS applications can be run directly from a Web browser, without any downloads or installations required.Plan SAAS migration & integration into new, existing & Hybrid environments. Setup and deliver the model to clients. Integration all the legacy models into this SAAS model. Manage and maintain the model for uptime as required by the client.                         Business Services - Mobodexter                   CompanyHomeContact Press Release  AboutBlogInvestFounders                             Business Services   We provide consulting services to our clients for skilled human resources, Head hunting, executive search, Campus Hiring, Talent Mapping and Bulk Hiring. We understand our client requirement and help them to meet their requirement in minimum time frame.                         IoT Engineering Services - Mobodexter                   CompanyHomeContact Press Release  AboutBlogInvestFounders                             IoT Engineering Services “IoT services are the real driver of value in IoT, and increasing attention is being focused on new services by end-user organizations and vendors,” said Gartner analyst Jim Tully. The main categories of service will be in the design, install and operate IoT systems. Connectivity services (through communications service providers) and consumer services will grow at a faster pace. Connected cars aside, consumer uses will continue to account for the greatest number of connected things, while the enterprise will account for the largest spending, according to Gartner. The Enterprise IoT market will split into generic products that can be used anywhere, and more specialized devices that only work in specific vertical markets, such as low power devices for police cars that have no application anywhere else.    Service Delivery Capability Design & manufacturing of OEM hardware and software for endpoints or edge devices/sensors.Design & manufacturing of hardware & software for GatewaysDesign & implementation of cloud, analytics & artificial intelligence for IoT SAAS integration.                         Professional Services - Mobodexter                   CompanyHomeContact Press Release  AboutBlogInvestFounders                             MoboDexter offers a broad Spectrum of professional services to its clients . We help our clients to harness the power of emerging technologies while getting the maximum efficiency out of existing legacy IT processes, tools and practices. We combine business and industry insights with latest technology trends. Thus, we help to unlock the agility and productivity of our client business by being their trusted professional service provider.  IOTRead MoreBig DataRead MoreCloudRead MoreMobilityRead More                       Careers - Mobodexter                   CompanyHomeContact Press Release  AboutBlogInvestFounders                               Careers  MoboDexter Inc. was established in 2013 in U.S.A. and India. We started as an Embedded – Product Engineering Service provider, we have expanded our services portfolio into Analytics, Mobility, Big Data & IoT and have started launching IoT products in global markets. We are aiming to a global leader in IoT space over the next 5 years by building an innovative product, solutions, and services. MoboDexter offers a wide variety of roles that helps one to build depth and width of domain expertise. If you want to be a part of challenging team where goals are taller and rewards are higher, then apply to one of the below openings with us. We practice an ethical work culture where diversity is valued and individual perspectives are respected.We affirm our abiding commitment to diversity, as represented in our community and in our perspectives, as foundational elements of our excellence. We shall celebrate our cultural and intellectual richness and be resolute in advancing inclusion and equity in our community. We promote diversity in all our endeavors, understanding that diversity of thought and perspective, as well as the diversity of culture and human identity, are essential elements.If aspire to work on cutting edge technology and want to be part of growing startup in IOT space then forward your resume to careers@mobodexter.com  RoleExperienceNo of OpeningsQualificationsJob DescriptionMiddleware Developer2 to 5 years01Any Graduate – BE/BTech (Preferred IT, CS, ECE Candidates)ClickSoftware Developer for Cloud3 to 5 years01Any Graduate – BE/BTech (Preferred IT, CS, ECE Candidates)ClickEmbedded Developer2 to 5 years01Any Graduate – BE/BTech (Preferred IT, CS, ECE Candidates)Click                           




Mobodexter | Backend software platform makes it easy to launch any IoT company | Wefunder








































































































SUMMARY
QUOTES
VISUALS

                  TEAM
              
INVESTORS
Details


Follow















            by Wefunder Portal LLC
          



          Mobodexter
        
Backend software platform makes it easy to launch any IoT company


















$266,641 raised 
                      from 339 investors
                    

                      Successfully Funded
                        on Dec 11 2016
                    




              follow for updates



              share
            



                tweet
              











Company Profile
UPDATES (10)
ASK  QUESTION







“Mobodexter makes it simple for Internet of Things companies to build and launch. We handle all the complicated backend software so teams can focus on beautiful products. Just like Amazon Web Services supports millions of websites, Mobodexter will be the out-of-the-box foundation that powers the entire IoT industry. Eventually every smart lightbulb, thermostat, bluetooth and wifi device will rest on our Paasmer software. Mobodexter is the foundation of a connected future that’s only just begun.



Chandramouli Srinivasan
CEO, Mobodexter




Key Facts

Recently signed 2 multi-year deals of $2.5 MM with Enterprise clients in Connected Home and Engine Manufacturing space.
Our Platform's unique innovations are in IoT Edge with Analytics, Machine Learning & AI; IoT Security with TOR & Blockchain
Advisory Partner : Gartner; Platform Partners include: Amazon, Intel, Qualcomm, and Microsoft.
Around 10 innovative and secure IoT products being built on our platform to launch in 2017.

Our Ambition
Nest and Sonos were the tip of the iceberg — connected devices or Internet of Things has emerged as the next frontier of technology to make our lives better by seamlessly connecting humans to our environment. Our platform is ready - we’ve already partnered with Amazon for robust cloud storage and Intel, Qualcomm, Advantech and Microsoft to simplify IoT hardware. This industry is about to explode and Mobodexter will be the backend software that powers an entire connected hardware revolution.
Documents



                    PAASMER_Animation.mp4
                  



                    Retail_Experience.mp4
                  



                    Mobodexter_Valuation.pdf
                  



                    Whitepaper_on_A_complete_Guide_to_Choosing_the_Right_IOT_Platform.PDF
                  





mobodexter.com





from Valley Cottage NY


software
tech


















            Mobodexter
          
Backend software platform makes it easy to launch any IoT company

“Mobodexter makes it simple for Internet of Things companies to build and launch. We handle all the complicated backend software so teams can focus on beautiful products. Just like Amazon Web Services supports millions of websites, Mobodexter will be the out-of-the-box foundation that powers the entire IoT industry. Eventually every smart lightbulb, thermostat, bluetooth and wifi device will rest on our Paasmer software. Mobodexter is the foundation of a connected future that’s only just begun.



Chandramouli Srinivasan
CEO, Mobodexter






“Mobodexter makes it simple for Internet of Things companies to build and launch. We handle all the complicated backend software so teams can focus on beautiful products. Just like Amazon Web Services supports millions of websites, Mobodexter will be the out-of-the-box foundation that powers the entire IoT industry. Eventually every smart lightbulb, thermostat, bluetooth and wifi device will rest on our Paasmer software. Mobodexter is the foundation of a connected future that’s only just begun.



Chandramouli Srinivasan
CEO, Mobodexter




Our Ambition
Nest and Sonos were the tip of the iceberg — connected devices or Internet of Things has emerged as the next frontier of technology to make our lives better by seamlessly connecting humans to our environment. Our platform is ready - we’ve already partnered with Amazon for robust cloud storage and Intel, Qualcomm, Advantech and Microsoft to simplify IoT hardware. This industry is about to explode and Mobodexter will be the backend software that powers an entire connected hardware revolution.
Key Facts

Recently signed 2 multi-year deals of $2.5 MM with Enterprise clients in Connected Home and Engine Manufacturing space.
Our Platform's unique innovations are in IoT Edge with Analytics, Machine Learning & AI; IoT Security with TOR & Blockchain
Advisory Partner : Gartner; Platform Partners include: Amazon, Intel, Qualcomm, and Microsoft.
Around 10 innovative and secure IoT products being built on our platform to launch in 2017.

Documents



                PAASMER_Animation.mp4
              


                Retail_Experience.mp4
              


                Mobodexter_Valuation.pdf
              


                Whitepaper_on_A_complete_Guide_to_Choosing_the_Right_IOT_Platform.PDF
              




mobodexter.com





from Valley Cottage NY


software
tech












              Mobodexter
            
Backend software platform makes it easy to launch any IoT company








            follow  us for updates



10 UPDATES
135 Followers





              share
            



                tweet
              
 



$266,641
                raised from 339 investors
Successfully Funded
                    on Dec 11 2016
                














Why I Like Mobodexter



Don't make the mistake of underestimating the Internet of Things and it’s radical effect on business. Companies like UPS, Boeing, GM and Starbucks (to name a few) are all embracing IoT. Yet the current strategy to build backend IoT software in house stifles innovation and costs companies huge profits in the long run. They need an end-to-end solution to make it simple to launch new products without the headache of complicated backend systems. The MoboDexter team has developed the flexible and versatile software that ties it all together and makes it simple for companies to focus on real innovation and not just the costly foundational infrastructure. In the long term, PAASMER’s goal is to enable Artificial intelligence so that Things can act with their own intelligence in the best interest of the user. MoboDexter has arrived at the perfect time just when the the IoT industry is about to hit exponential growth. This is an incredible value proposition and opportunity for their investors.



Dilraj Ghumman

                Investor in MoboDexter and Serial Angel with 38 investments on Wefunder
                    - Invested in Mobodexter
                






THE BUZZ ABOUT MOBODEXTER




I did my due diligence on this platform and came to a decision to invest because of the fact that the IoT industry will make huge impact. Just look at the partners that will be involved with this platform, this convinced me to invest in this venture. Also the fact that the two founders also worked at Intel for many years made it even more enticing to get involved. I have faith in this venture to succeed. May god bless this venture.

John Aguilar
Wefunder Investor




I had interest in finding out and investing in IOT companies. I have invested in a few public IOT companies and was looking for a startup to invest in. Mobodexter seemed to fit the bill. I think the future is bright for IOT companies at least the most disruptive and innovative. It is only a matter of time before the public catches on.

Terry Meyer
Wefunder Investor




PAASMER fills an important gap existing in the market today and that is to protect existing cloud investments of enterprises to implement their IoT solution. That is a good niche for the platform to target. Enterprises are going to like it.

Benoit J. Lheureux
VP at Garnter Inc




MoboDexter’s IoT Platform as a Service, named PAASMER, has been built with an inside-out approach from gateway upwards or downwards that makes it more versatile and flexible to integrate than existing platforms


Raconteur

International Media




The reason I chose PAASMER is because of its extreme flexibility, affordability and scalability characteristics. I am able to clearly validate the characteristics during implementation by the ease of integration of the platform IP components and pricing model of the platform. I haven’t see anyone else enabling everything end-to-end for an IoT Solution

A Client
HealthCare Domain




IoT has the opportunity to drastically change and disrupt the Logistics/ Transportation/ Supply Chain. 1) Costs and delays will be driven down 2) Connecting disjointed processes 3) Enhancing safety 4) Enhancing compliance. Therefore, I am excited about IoT and that is why I invested in Mobodexter.

Joseph Lombardo
Wefunder Investor




IOT is the future, everything around the world connects themselves. I see so much opportunities on the Internet of Things, from driverless cars to connecting homes, to VR, to connecting phones to cloud, to driverless jets, to drones etc. everything is evolving, and Mobodexter is on the verge of a disruptive market. I want to be a part of this and I see this company becoming the next Alphabet, even apple.

Osagie Ndiong Dumitrescu Aburime
Wefunder Investor




I invested in Mobodexter because I was looking for a ground floor opportunity in a company with unlimited potential. Their technology will be everywhere, and I want to be a part of it!!!

Ken Power
Wefunder Investor




As a new investor, I had considered different options in where to invest. I choose to go with Mobodexter on Wefunder because I liked the idea of investing in a startup and helping a company grow instead of just picking some stock of a mega-corporation. And the fact that Mobodexter was a solid start-up in the IoT field made it a no brainer for me!

Robert Pflug
Wefunder Investor




IOT is the future of technology. After industrial revolution and information age we are moving to the age of the cloud and we are at the early stages of internet of things where all devices connect to each other. Now is the right time to invest in this technology. As a company that provides backend software to many other IOT companies, Mobodexter is uniquely positioned to capitalize on this trend and provides a solid ground floor opportunity to early investors.

Vijaya Kumar Potti
Wefunder Investor












How to choose your IoT Platform Architecture? 
August 17, 2016
IoT Platforms are the key for the development of scalable IoT applications and services that connect the real and virtual worlds between objects, systems and people. However, as the IoT Platform market represents a truly new segment that was almost non-existent a few years ago, the landscape is complex and changing very quickly.
08
17
2016









Innovative and cost effective: the next generation of IoT - raconteur.net 
July  8, 2016
As the internet of things has grown so have platforms required to build end-to-end IoT solutions that take data out of sensors, while there have also been innovations in data aggregation gateways, the software development kits for cloud and mobile integration.
07
 8
2016












view all press  & quotes


















PAASMER Allows Business to Launch their IoT Products

Our partnership with hardware vendors allow the clients to choose the right hardware for their IOT product and our ready-to-use, easy-to-deploy software for various components like IOT Gateway, Connection software, Mobiles applications, Cloud and Analytics gives the flexibility to launch an IOT product within months. We can enable an IOT solution at the fastest time of one month from conception to launch.    



The Problem

Most IoT Platforms in the market are Cloud or Enterprise based platform architectures which allows Things to connect and leverage the cloud. 
Businesses have to figure out a way to design their edge side of the architecture by working with System Integrators.
They need to build the IoT skill, identify various partners for implementing IoT solutions.
Results in complex, costly and time consuming efforts for enterprises looking to build TTM Iot solutions.




The Solution

PAASMER is a true IoT platform and aims to be a single stop for customers looking to build IoT solutions.
Our software manages the edge components with an edge centered self sufficient solution.
PAASMER provides lots of build-in components for faster TTM solution.
We provide Edge Side Analytics and seamless integration to any cloud of clients choice.





We're Growing Fast

"PAASMER fills an important gap existing in the market today and that is to protect existing cloud investments of enterprises
  to implement their IoT solution. That is a good niche for the platform to target. Enterprises are going to like it."  - Benoit J. Lheureux, Iot Research VP at Gartner


$22,000
monthly recurring revenue so far


6
enterprise customers so far (like Intel)


100%
customer acquisition growth quarter over quarter




Our Partners are Industry Leaders

"I like the extreme flexibility and affordability claim of the platform as I can see them reflected in the way the platform
  is architected and priced to scale for our unique business needs." - Tushar, CEO of SmartifyHealth




























Our Features



Fastest Time-to-Market

PAASMER allows clients to launch an IoT product in a short time, as all the components required for the end-to-end solution are prebuilt and ready-to-use.            



Affordability

We offer the entire solution at an extremely affordable price with flexibility on picking the components needed by customers for their solution.            



Wide-Range of Components

We provide a rich array of components ranging from compatible hardware, communication protocols, analytics cloud and value-added services.            



Extreme Flexibility

Clients have the flexibility to not remain locked into any of their choices by having software layers that transition smoothly. We also can accommodate existing client platforms.            



Analyze

Analyse the data using powerful intelligence on gateway or cloud using automated machine learning tools for immediate insights and actions.        



PAASMER Powered Products




A Smart Power solution for the Smart Home that control and manages power of all connected devices.




A Voice based services order and control platform that can integrate into all essentials services in a smart city.




              A GPS-Based Smart Parking solution that helps identifying free parking slots in a smart city.




A remote generator monitoring solution that helps to manage the generators efficiently and effectively. 




A health-care solution that helps in managing patients vitals and hospital lab equipment in efficient and effective way.




           A retail solution that guides consumers to best offers in a mall and shop owners to push offers based on consumer interest. 




What We've Achieved So Far




November 2013

Inception of Mobodexter in USA and India with HQ in NY



December 2013

Signed up Intel & Sandisk as Clients for P.E.S.



March 2014

Achieved Profitability from Revenue & Started IOT R&D. 



December 2014

Completed Architecture for IOT Solution



October 2015

Signed up Intel, Advantech & Qualcomm as Hardware Partners.



December 2015

Software Achieved Beta and Platform Pre-Launched



January 2016

Started Onboarding Clients on Paasmer



March 2016

Paasmer Launch Solution Demo Done in Iotasia 2016



April 2016

Paasmer Recieves International Media Coverage.





Our Deck

































     Meet the Founders       

           CoFounded by Ex-Intel Veterans
        














Chandramouli Srinivasan
CEO
 
       Overall 17+ years of experience in software domain with strong technology and business skills. An Ex-Intel. Has been instrumental in leading MoboDexter's global execution and business operations.
    















Kavitha Gopalan
CMO
 
       Has 16+ years overall experience in technical marketing with strong client and partner engagement skills. An Ex-Intel. Has been instrumental in driving partner and client strategy and execution.
    














                 raised
                 $266,641 
                 from 339 investors


              funding history
            


$266,641 

                    December 2016









Dilraj Ghumman
Investing today in the products of tomorrow. Dad. Husband. Fan of Roentgen.





Sundeep Jain
1.  Currently a Vice President at Amazon.com
2.  Previously, at Procter & Gamble where I led the starting up of new businesses now $1B+ globally





Ken Power
Family Physician for 20 years; avid runner; living the dream!





Leonard Bussanich
Work in the outdoor industry as a hard-goods Buyer. Really enjoy searching for investment opportunities and thus I am very excited that 'non-accredited' investors can now invest in start-up companies.





Patricia Moschella Brady
I am a Partner in a metal stamping business, real estate investor and have many irons on the fire. 





Paula Myers Waterman
My nephew has type 1 diabetes, so I am particularly interested in technology that can treat children will life altering diseases.




  
                more investors
              




                more investors
              










Details

 Expand all



                  What's new about what you're making? How is it different?
                  



We are only few of the companies offering Edge centric IoT Platform architecture and our architecture defines a unique edge centric self-sufficient implementation model of building an IoT solution. The cloud part of the solution is offered toaccommodate flexible hybrid models.The key differentiation and unique aspects of our Edge/Gateway centric architecture that is unique to PAASMER compared to existing IoT Platforms are  1) Best In Class High Speed Edge Database2) Innovative Edge Analytics3) Modular Edge OS4) Innovative Edge & Cloud Security 5) Dynamic Cloud Management



                  How big is the market?
                  



Data from our advisor, Gartner Inc, states that IoT Platform market is expected to touch USD 900 Million in 2016 and expected to double in 2017.



                  Who are your competitors? How are you different?
                  



Ayla Networks - PAASMER differs from Ayla as a platform that is much more Flexible to integrate; Efficient to help clients for a faster Time To Market; Ayla is more focused in enabling ODMs while PAASMER is focused on 4 major verticals like Connected Home; HealthCare; M2M & RetailMachineshop - PAASMER differs from Machineshop in giving the complete operating system bundled with all libraries for clients to easily integrate while Machineshop gives only the libraries required. Hence the time to take to integrate an IoT solution is lower in PAASMER. 



                  What do you understand about your business that others don't get?
                  



IoT Platform comprises of two solution components mainly Edge (Internal) and Cloud (External). Most of the IoT platform (about 90%) focuses on Cloud part of the platform only.  Most times our prospects are tempted to use Cloud to build their IoT solution. However in the longer run the platform costs would spiral as the data grows on the cloud. It is important that the most critical and complex  Edge part is designed in a efficient way to keep the platform costs nominal on the long run. Hence PAASMER's focus is to enable the edge to be more powerful by providing all the key components including analytics the Edge. This means PAASMER makes sensors and gateway more powerful by enabling them with the power of Fog computing.



                  What's your biggest risk? What keeps you up at night?
                  



Every month new platforms are getting launched and most of the Hyper-scale cloud players like Microsoft, Google, Amazon, Oracle etc. have also launched their IoT platforms. It is important to clearly articulate the differentiation and demonstrate the value of the platform to our potential leads and clients. This will offer a key differentiation both from technology and business standpoints.



                  How will you make money?
                  



The revenue generation comes for the platform comes from three different streams:1) Professional & Consultancy services to build the solution.2) Licensing fees on the gateway OS 3) Subscription fees on the cloud.

We expect the services component to be higher in the initial phases and then taper down as we engage more partners to enable our clients.




                  How do you acquire customers?
                  



Our strategy for acquiring customers are through1) Referrals from our existing customer base.2) Social Media marketing - Lead generation and lead nurturing programs through social media campaigns.3) Marketing - Trade-shows; Email campaign; Weekly Newsletters to leads 4) Sales - Inbound & Outbound sales process that involves calls; meetings & demo.



                  Do you already have clients? Are they doing internal or external projects?
                  



Yes, we already have clients and we are revenue generating from our clients. Majority are building their products using PAASMER technology to bring their products to market next year. The first consumer IoT product powered by PAASMER is set to launch in U.S Retail market in Jan 2017.



                  How are you better than the competitors?
                  



What we do is to offer a gateway based data intelligence that means the client does not have a need to go to a cloud based cloud analytics unless it is absolutely necessary. What we do is make the sensors and gateways intelligent with our software so the client goes to cloud and analytics only if there is a need. That can benefit them through cost of maintaining the solution from a long term perspective. Most of these components are offered as freemium to our clients at prototype stage and then they start paying us for services, subscription and license once they go to production. This model is unique compared to our competitors who are offering only parts of the solution like cloud freemium and not build the entire solution stack as freemium.



                  What have your biggest challenges been so far?
                  



Funding is a big challenge for us because there is a bunch of roadmap items that we have, and we need to fund the investment in terms of development on our roadmap. Our number two problem revolves around our sales and marketing. This is something we need to build up aggressively to go after the market.



                  What are you trying to do with the funds, what kind of mile stones are you trying to hit over the next year or two?
                  



There are three things we are trying to use these funds for. Number one is to build on our product development, which is a late entry product development in terms of enabling roadmap items on the product development side. The second is to build a sales and marketing team that can aggressively focus and drive and get solutions out to the market. The third is to partner with a builder. We actually want to have quite a lot of hardware and software partners so that when a client comes with a particular requirement we can position our own IT to our partner's IT.



                  Could you tell us more about the team? Why you're the ones to make this all happen?
                  



Right now we have two co-founders. One is myself, Chandramouli. I've been in HP and Intel over the past 17 years. The other is Kavitha who's also an ex-Intel employee with 16+ years of experience. We've been working on the software part of the solution for the past two years. We have quite a bit of track record in terms of building products, both hardware and software side. When we started out in building this platform we were focused on enabling the software and we want to bring some of the people that we've been working with as our hardware partners. To date we have Intel, Mediatek, we have Qualcomm who are all signed up as our gateway partners. We have a couple of sensor partners that we have also signed up. This is again based on our Intel experience, and we have a bunch of OEM/ODMs based in China and Taiwan who are also on board in terms of designing hardware centric parts for our clients of which our software can be bundled along and implemented for that.



                  What are you worried about right now and in the future?
                  



The speed in which the IoT is actually transforming, and the awareness of the IoT among the businesses is a challenge. Implementing an IoT solution with the businesses is one thing that has been growing at an exponential rate, which means people want to have IoT and actually want to solve their business problems using IoT. The pace at which many of the competitors are moving is also one of the key things that keeps me awake at night and many of the people are understanding that. This is becoming the next revolution to internet is jumping on this opportunity. Amazon, Google, and Microsoft launched their IoT platform this year and when we started out in 2014 none of them were there, and the pace at which these guys are trying to capitalize on this opportunity is something that keeps me awake and it takes a lot of funds and aggression in this market to capture it.



                  What's your Exit Strategy? What kind of ROI can be expected?
                  



M&A is one of our top exit strategy over a period of 5-7 years as our platform could be a complementary addition to an existing portfolio of a larger IoT cloud provider. Some of our competitors with equivalent platform architectures are either having a larger IoT player as strategic investor (Cisco is an investor in Ayla) or acquired by a larger player (Solair acquired by Microsoft). ROI can be expected to take a period until an Exit happens. Typical return rates tend to be higher in IoT space than other in technology space as IoT is in early adoption cycle of Gartner's Hyper Cycle for 2016.








  
                   Read All Answers
                
  
                  View All Questions
                











        Ask a Question
      

























148 startups have raised $45,506,116 on Wefunder
Wefunder supports three different federal laws that allow startups to raise money legally.  To comply with the law, Wefunder Advisors LLC and Wefunder Portal LLC (both owned by Wefunder Inc) also list startups depending on the regulation used.


Legal May 16th 2016
Regulation Crowdfunding
 Wefunder Portal LLC

$24,925,142
for 70 startups



Legal Now
Regulation D
Wefunder Advisors LLC


$19,205,590
for 82 startups




Rare
Regulation A+
Wefunder Inc


$1,375,384
for 1 startup







We are the largest funding portal for Regulation Crowdfunding.



I'm a stats junkie!  Show me an entire page of stats!

Some fine print:  1) These numbers include startups currently live on Wefunder if they pass their minimum target.  2) Some startups use two different laws at the same time (i.e., Regulation D and Regulation Crowdfunding).













About us
Our Profile
Jobs
Press
Blog
Charter
Stats


Investors
Investing 101
Risks
Earning Returns
Securities
Clubs
$2500 per Referral


Founders
Raise Funding
FAQ
Legal Primer
Free Contracts
Profile Guide
Launch Guide


Say Hello
 hello@wefunder.com
  Twitter
  Facebook 
 Instagram  
 Youtube  

 888-546-0325


SF
                /
                Boston








Wefunder Inc. runs wefunder.com and is the parent company of Wefunder Advisors LLC and Wefunder Portal LLC. Wefunder Advisors is an exempt reporting adviser that advises SPVs used in Reg D offerings. Wefunder Portal is a funding portal (CRD #283503) that operates sections of wefunder.com where some Reg Crowdfunding offerings are made.

                    Wefunder, Inc. operates sections of wefunder.com where some Reg A offerings are made.  Wefunder, Inc. is not regulated as either a broker-dealer or funding portal and is not a member of FINRA.

                  By using wefunder.com, you accept our Terms & Privacy Policy.  If investing, you accept our Investor Agreement.

                  You may also view our Privacy Notice.

































              Signup
            
Already have an account?  Login
Don't have an account?  Signup



Sign up with Facebook


Privacy: We won’t share your data with Facebook without your explicit permission.
              


              — or —
            







Sign Up








Login
Forgot password?



Forgot password?
Tell us the email you used to sign up, and we'll get you on your way.

No account with that email address exists.
Reset
Nevermind. I remember my password!









Explore
News
Raise Funding
FAQ
Login
Sign Up
 








 Blogs-Mobodexter | Delivering Technology Innovation        Internet Of Things and Open Source  May 26, 2016April 1, 2017  Srinidhi Murthy Srinidhi MurthyInternet of Things is technological break through that affects our lives in ways unimaginable before. It has a wide spectrum of application ranging from the Micro to the Macro, from our daily essentials to nuclear reactors and much more.Getting an IoT product out in the market is an extremely task. There are challenges involved are in design of Hardware, Software, Cloud and Analytic’s components. However there are quiet a few common areas amongst all products. The need for sensors to be connected via wired or wireless mediums to centralized severs, data collection, interpretation and analysis on the data.The challenges in each of the components can be overcome by using Open Source technologies. We talk about a few of them below.Open Hardware, Software and StandardsUsing tried and tested industrial grade components, sensors, development boards and commercial friendly open source software licenses for products saves a lot of over head in development of components and its sub sequence testing. It also reduces the time to market of the products as the based Hardware and software are already available and only custom changes specific to the product under development needs effort.Open platforms like the Raspberry Pi, Arduino and Beagle Bone enable developers with limited hardware and low-level software expertise to develop applications in days rather than months. If the correct platforms are chosen, leveraging open source technologies that communicate with each other can significantly reduce the time and effort to get prototypes from paper to production.Working with multiple vendors and platforms, doors are opened for new innovation. Such partnerships lays the foundation for a new generation of connected applications that can be developed independently from the devices on which they will run.Usage of such components in products changes the mindset of the the key stake holders in the industry and the reluctance to accept them as standards is overcome.Ecosystem and support communityOnce an open source standards is released, it is almost immediately adapted by evangelists that are ready to embrace new technology and explore them to the fullest. This creates a very large ecosystem of variations of the standards that have been released and thus create a very large ecosystem.Such evangelists are also helpful in terms of support and can help in quicker resolution of issues faced during product development, thus creating a more robust product and also reducing the time to market of the product.TakeawayNo one knows what the future is for IoT, but committing to a standards and open source platforms will help drive IoT innovation and bring products to market faster. Standards will also ensure technology inter-op and open source platforms ensure that both hardware and software components can be reused as product platforms evolve.Read More      IoT Adoption – Ambitious growth with Formidable Technical Challenge – How PAASMER fits in?  May 19, 2016May 25, 2016  Chandramouli Srinivasan A recent Gartner survey provided key insights and recommendations on IoT adoption. We recently did an exercise to map these key findings and recommendations to our IoT Platform of A Service – PAASMER.  We have highlighted the points significantly addressed by PAASMER in block letters below. PAASMER – Being a Gateway/Cloud centric architecture addresses the highlighted area in comprehensive manner by design.As stated in PAASMER press coverage on Raconteur online – PAASMER scores extremely high over other existing architectures by being most flexible and scalable.Gartner Key FindingsThe number of IoT projects per organization is surprisingly high; companies that have implemented IoT have, on average, 6.8 different IoT projects, and the number of projects is expected to rise to 11.5 within three years.Heavy (asset-oriented) industries are focused on internal benefits (for example, asset optimization) and plan to implement about twice as many projects (16.3 versus 8.9) as companies in light (service-oriented) industries, which are more focused on external benefits (for example, new revenue sources).Fifty-one percent and 43% of survey respondents identified cybersecurity and integration, respectively, as their top two technical challenges for IoT projects.More than one-third (38%) of respondents that have already implemented or are planning to implement IoT are planning to use an IoT platform for their next IoT project.Gartner RecommendationsCIOs and IT leaders should:Treat IoT project proliferation as a call to action: Consider the role of IoT in your company, and build plans to leverage it by year-end 2016. Expect these “living plans” to evolve over time.Incorporate IoT into your enterprise architecture. Invest in integration middleware either for IoT/OT integration with MES or other applications in heavy industries, or for IoT/IT integration with core enterprise applications, such as ERP, in light industries.Develop a comprehensive cybersecurity strategy early in IoT project planning to mitigate post deployment challenges.Companies that do not yet plan or do not yet know whether they will use an IoT platform for their IoT project should learn more about the maturity and potential benefits of this middleware.Read More      Key Drivers of Business Intelligence & Analytics market  April 22, 2016  Chandramouli Srinivasan Chandramouli SrinivasanThe overall BI and analytics market segment continues to expand and is expected to sustain its 2014 growth rate of 5.8% (adjusted for constant currency) through 2019 — as reflected in Gartner’s current estimate of the compound annual growth rate for the sector. However, this lower rate of growth reflects a market in transition, with changing buying patterns and requirements. Purchasing decisions continue to move from IT leaders to line-of-business executives and users who want more agility and more flexible personalized options — making the land-and-expand model the new norm. This is in stark contrast to the large, enterprise-scale deals that fueled double-digit growth at a time when IT had larger budgets and wielded much more influence in buying decisions.The primary drivers of new growth in this rapidly evolving market are being influenced by the following dynamics:New vendors continue to emerge, offering innovative products to the market for buyers to consider. During the next several years, buyers will benefit from the attention that vendors are giving to the BI and analytics market and will have ample opportunity to invest in the innovative product offerings that are brought to market. The downside of having a plethora of innovative products to pilot and vendors to engage in POCs with, is the tendency for organizations to incur technical debt over time — as multiple stand-alone solutions that demonstrate business value quickly (and hastily) turn into production deployments without adequate attention being paid to design, implementation and support.The increased need for governance will serve as the catalyst for renewed IT engagement as business-user-led deployments expand. When the market shift first began, business users felt empowered to circumvent IT and autonomously purchase and begin using any product that addressed the gaps in their enterprise BI program.Market awareness and adoption of smart data discovery will extend data discovery to a wider range of users, increasing the reach and impact of analytics. These emerging capabilities facilitate discovery of hidden patterns in large, complex and increasingly multi-structured datasets, without building models or writing algorithms or queries.The need for organizations to integrate and derive insight from a growing number of multi-structured data sources will drive innovation in smart self-service data preparation and smart data discovery. Organizations will require sophisticated software capabilities that automate the ingestion, inference, enrichment and creation of search indexes when accessing new data sources.Search-based data discovery enabled by natural-language query will extend the reach of analytics to more users. As BI and analytics platforms increasingly support natural-language query, allowing nontechnical users to analyze data by asking questions in a conversational way, new users are more likely to engage with and leverage analytics.Marketplaces will expand and mature, creating new opportunities for organizations to buy and sell analytic capabilities. The availability of an active marketplace where buyers and sellers converge to exchange analytic applications, aggregated data sources, custom visualizations and algorithms is likely to generate increased interest in the BI and analytics space and to fuel its future growth.Organizations will need to support real-time events and streaming data capture in support of IoT use cases. In order for organizations to prepare for the volume of data that is generated by devices, sensors and people in a connected world, organizations will have to make new investments in products that are designed to capture and process this type of data.Read More      Cloud Services Opportunity – Prime Time for Cloud Service Players to different and win the market place  February 16, 2016February 20, 2016  Chandramouli Srinivasan Chandramouli SrinivasanI was talking to an analyst about cloud services business opportunity for SMB Players like MoboDexter. A few key points emerged that were really interesting and concurred with our understanding as MoboDexter’s Cloud Services Offering is already into this space and working with players like Harman Connected Services. Sharing the key points from this discussion here. (more…) http://blogs.mobodexter.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/Cloud-services.mp3Podcast: Play in new window | DownloadSubscribe: iTunes | Android | RSSRead More      JAR:Load – Cloud Based Web Load Testing Software  January 22, 2016January 22, 2016  Chandramouli Srinivasan Chandramouli SrinivasanI am Happy to announce that MoboDexter Inc. has signed a partnership agreement with JAR Technologies, U.K. to sell their Cloud Based Loading Testing solution called JAR:Load. As part of this agreement, MoboDexter has secured an exclusive pricing deal that can be leveraged by any prospect who wants to purchase JAR: Load through MoboDexter. I want to talk about the reason why I felt this is a compelling tool in the market in comparison to its competitor products.JAR:Load – Stand Out FeaturesJAR: Load is the only enterprise load testing product, delivered from the cloud, that uses real web browsers to simulate load. If you run ANY type of JavaScript (jQuery, GWT, AngularJS, Ember, etc.) on your web-site then you can’t rely on “other” load testers who just record HTTP transactions – they will miss all your dynamic AJAX operations! (more…)http://blogs.mobodexter.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/mdjarload.mp3Podcast: Play in new window | DownloadSubscribe: iTunes | Android | RSSRead More     Search for:    Follow Us                                Press coverageOur much anticipated Mobodexter has been Coverage on “The Times” U.K.  Raconteur Media covered an interview on the launch of IOT platform PAASMER.  MOBODEXTER – Awarded “20 Most Promising Companies In Cyber Security” By CIOReview Magazine.  Sensing opportunity in mobile and niche technology, experienced IT professional starts up MoboDexter.   Recent Posts Internet Of Things and Open Source IoT Adoption – Ambitious growth with Formidable Technical Challenge – How PAASMER fits in? Key Drivers of Business Intelligence & Analytics market Cloud Services Opportunity – Prime Time for Cloud Service Players to different and win the market place JAR:Load – Cloud Based Web Load Testing Software  Archives Archives Select Month May 2016  (2) April 2016  (1) February 2016  (1) January 2016  (1) December 2015  (2) November 2015  (2) August 2015  (3) July 2015  (3) June 2015  (2) May 2015  (3) April 2015  (1) March 2015  (5) February 2015  (3) January 2015  (4) December 2014  (2) CategoriesInternet Of Things (20)Mobodexter Apps (6)Mobodexter Blogs (31)Mobodexter Products (12)MoboMy SmartHome (1)Press Release (1)Sales (1)Technology (15)uncategorized (1) Twitter Tweets by @Mobodexter Like UsMobodexter InstagramFollow Me! TechCrunchStripe acquires Payable to help on-demand businesses manage 1099 tax reportingAirbnb has a new revenue-sharing deal with the NAACPeMarketer’s 2017 forecast puts Roku ahead of Chromecast and others in the U.S. TNWGoogle just killed off one of its biggest features – and you won’t even noticeWhy this wedding industry disruptor is taking a personalized approach to customer serviceRuby on Rails is out: major coding bootcamp ditches it, due to waning interest MashableTrump bars transgender people from military, calls them a "disruption"Blizzard lays out concrete plans to cut down on abuse in 'Overwatch'Sperm counts are dropping in the Western world, but no one is quite sure why entrepreneur5 Helpful Content Tools and Sources for Digital Marketers3 Ways You Can Lead Like Wonder WomanWhy Leading With Value Is a Mistake -- and What to Do Instead Daily DotGoogle is quietly testing out vacation rentals in its hotel searchTrent Reznor rips Trump, calls him a ‘vulgar, grotesque dope’Trump Jr. followed a parody North Korean news channel, and we are screwed fast comapny Services  Cloud  Embedded  Mobility  Products  Apps  Internet Of Things  Resources  Blogs  White papers  Videos  Data Sheets  Infographics  Social  LinkedIn  Blog  Twitter  Google+  Facebook  Company  About  Careers  Partners  Newsroom  Events  US Office – New YorkSuite-103,3415 Greystone Dr, Austin, TX 78731, USA.  +1 845 510 5888 contact@mobodexter.com © 2016 Mobodexter | Privacy Policy                     


    Sarah White | MoboDexter Inc | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














MOBODEXTER | AngelList





































































Join
 
Log In







AngelList


Startup Jobs

Recruit

Invest

More





Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help











Your Alumni Network








Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help



















 


MOBODEXTER is on AngelList, where the world meets startups.

To connect with MOBODEXTER,
sign up
for AngelList today.





Sign up
Log in


















MOBODEXTER


Delivering platforms in Internet of Things




Share





















Seattle · San Francisco







B2B · Mobile · Internet of Things · Big Data Analytics






11-50

employees


















mobodexter.com







Sign up to see how you are connected to MOBODEXTER






















MOBODEXTER







Share









Company







Overview



Overview








There was a problem loading your content.



Product


















Video










MoboDexter, Co-Founded by Ex-Intels in 2013, is rapidly establishing itself as an innovation leader in the world of enterprise Internet of Things. In the booming and evolving Internet of Things market, MoboDexter has created a unique IoT platform to enable businesses to build their IoT products and solutions. PAASMER is a software suite that bundles are the elements needed to connect sensors,… · More gateways, mobile application, cloud and analytics to develop, build and deploy connected IoT products quickly and efficiently. PAASMER’s end goal is to enable Artificial intelligence to “Things” so that Things are enabled with their own intelligence to act in the best interest of the user. Hence Machine learning and Deep learning are integral choices in the platform for our clients to leverage.





Launches








0










Paasmer - Internet of Things Platform as a Service


January 2016—PAASMER is a comprehensive platform for building IoT


Passmer is an IOT platform as a service player.We at Passmer provide the architecture and solution for our clients to scale their business by using IOT.







By
Kavitha Gopalan
















Founders







Chandramouli Srinivasan

Founder
Co-Founded MoboDexter Group; ViewFindAR & MoboMy Ex-Intel; Ex-HP; Hold multiple U.S. Patents; Bachelors Degree in Engineering








Kavitha Gopalan

Founder
Ex-Intel Engineering Manager. Co-Founded MoboDexter. Bachelor's in Engineering. Inspired by women entrepreneurs like Sarah Blakely and Elizabeth Homes. 







Funding


Investors
from previous rounds







Chandramouli Srinivasan

Investor
Co-Founded MoboDexter Group; ViewFindAR & MoboMy Ex-Intel; Ex-HP; Hold multiple U.S. Patents; Bachelors Degree in Engineering








Kavitha Gopalan

Investor
Ex-Intel Engineering Manager. Co-Founded MoboDexter. Bachelor's in Engineering. Inspired by women entrepreneurs like Sarah Blakely and Elizabeth Homes. 








Dilraj Ghumman, MD

Investor
Investing today in the products of tomorrow. Dad. Husband. Fan of Roentgen.








Saad AlSogair

Investor
Investing in what matters, not in what's predictable.
Over 200 investments on @AngelList
Consultant Dermatologist @Elite Derma Care.








Sagar Patel

Investor
Engineer, Investment Advisor, Start-up Investor, Stock Market Research, Real Estate Investor








Edward Chimney

Investor
the pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails



View all 7 Past Investors

Incubator






RetailXelerator

Incubator







Team



Employees







MoboDexter Inc

Admin








Sarah White

Sales
I am Vice President - Sales @MOBODEXTER for Americas region. I am accountable for IoT products, solutions & services sales at MOBODEXTER.








Sripriya Murthy

Business Manager
Onsite Manager at MOBODEXTER



View all 4 Employees



Board Members







Chandramouli Srinivasan

Board Member
Co-Founded MoboDexter Group; ViewFindAR & MoboMy Ex-Intel; Ex-HP; Hold multiple U.S. Patents; Bachelors Degree in Engineering








Kavitha Gopalan

Board Member
Ex-Intel Engineering Manager. Co-Founded MoboDexter. Bachelor's in Engineering. Inspired by women entrepreneurs like Sarah Blakely and Elizabeth Homes. 








MoboDexter Inc

Board Member







Jobs

MOBODEXTER
hasn't added any jobs yet.







Notification Set





Get Notified







Which position are you applying for?






Add a message to MOBODEXTER



Apply










Notify Me When Mobodexter Lists Jobs








Create Notification









See Similar Jobs



View jobs page




People also viewed



Forkable
Automatic Lunch





PeopleMaven
Save, Share, and Discover the World's...





ClickTicker
Patented, real time, streaming,...





Binded
Copyright Made Simple





AngelList
A platform for startups





Expii
Your Education in Your Hands.





Remy
Simplify, streamline, and humanize...





Spry Health
Predictive analytics for improved...














Help
·
Directory
·
Blog
Twitter
·
Terms & Risks
·
Unsubscribe

·
Mobile



·
Desktop


·

Profile not verified


















 


