










Home


























































































								A Rich Legacy - our foundation and inspirationOUR HISTORY >














								OUR PEOPLE - THE REASON FOR OUR SUCCESSCAREERS @ MODINE >














								A Culture of Innovation - it permeates everything we doMODINE PRODUCTS >













                Modine Manufacturing Company has been leading the way in thermal management since 1916. We design, manufacture and test heat transfer products for a wide variety of applications and markets. We're at work in practically every corner of the world, delivering the solutions our customers need, where they need them.


Modine news:


Modine to Host First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Conference Call on August 2, 2017


Modine Hosts A Breath Of Innovation


Modine To Showcase Latest HVAC Solutions At Cultivate'17


New ISC® ICEGARD Presented At Autopromotec


Modine to Participate in the 2017 KeyBanc Capital Markets' Industrial, Automotive & Transportation Conference


Modine to Host Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2016 Earnings Conference Call on May 26, 2016


Modine Selected By Oshkosh Defense To Support Major Military Program


Modine Manufacturing Company Recognized As A Women On Boards Winning Company


Modine Foundation Announces Grant Recipients


Michelle Piening Receives Women In Manufacturing STEP Ahead Award



NEWSROOM >














About Modine
We embrace our history.  We continuously pursue excellence in everything we do.
Read More>













100th Anniversary
Always Innovating, Always Improving
READ MORE>













Our Values
We do business the right way - without compromise.
Read More>



























Products


































































































Home













Products



                As a global industry leader, Modine offers innovative solutions to customer challenges using cost-effective designs and material technology. Our thermal management components and systems are thoroughly tested in the lab through ongoing validation tests and field-proven in customer applications for reliability, durability and quality.












Automotive
As automotive manufacturers drive to more efficient solutions for fuel economy and performance, powertrain thermal management components must be optimized for heat transfer, weight, vehicle integration and total costs.  Hybridization and electrification of powertrains increases the need for highly efficient thermal management solutions.
Read More>













Building HVAC
For nearly a century, Modine has been a trusted name in providing heating, ventilation and air conditioning solutions to many different applications. Over a million of HVAC-related products bear the Modine badge around the world, along with popular Modine brands such as the Hot Dawg™ and Effinity™unit heaters, the Atherion® packaged ventilation system, and Airedale air conditioning systems.
Read More>













Coils
Modine is a full service provider of custom-designed heat exchangers for the residential, industrial, and commercial air conditioning, heating, ventilation, and refrigeration markets. Our ability to offer microchannel, heat recovery, and round tube plate fin (RTPF) coils allows us to select the optimum heat exchanger for the customer's application. 
Read More>













Engine
Modine engine component design and application teams introduce innovative designs in customer-driven package configurations, while at the same time increasing heat-transfer functionality and offering higher reliability.
Read More>













Off-Highway
Modine offers a comprehensive portfolio of global, innovative thermal products to match an equally wide variety of machines that comprise the Off-Highway market. Our dedicated engineers provide unique design solutions to reduce total operating costs while still meeting environmental regulations and end-user demands of durability, reliability, and ultimately, uptime.
Read More>













Power Sports
Modine is pioneering advanced technologies to support the wide range of power sports products from utility-type vehicles to high-performance motorcycles. Our lightweight, compact components are designed and tested for the rigors of utility hauling and the most demanding acceleration performance.
Read More>













Testing Services
In Modine's state-of-the-art testing centers, we combine comprehensive thermal and air management knowledge with dedicated test benches and wind tunnel capability for any application.
Read More>













Transit Bus
Modine recognizes the rigors of stop-and-go city operations and the demanding challenges for transit properties. Our advanced technology and application engineering expertise provide a winning solution—higher fuel economy, lower owning and operating costs, and confidence in completing the route.
Read More>













Truck & Specialty Vehicle
Given the demands of increasingly stringent government regulations and packaging considerations, Modine customer teams work collaboratively with our customers to explore cost effective, integrated solutions for current and future powertrains to increase fuel economy, lower emissions and above all, improve durability and reliability.
Read More>
































Careers


































































































Home













Careers



                Why should you consider Modine for your next career move?  Simply put: Advancing Careers; Exceeding Expectations.Solving heating and cooling problems for a wide range of markets is what we do best at Modine, a highly respected global leader in heat transfer technology.  The simple solution behind every complex issue we face is a deep commitment to  advancing technology and advancing people.  Hand-in-hand, our people and their innovations are what strengthen our position and secure our success for years to come - exceeding expectations for our customers, our shareholders and ourselves












For Professionals
Learn how bringing your experience to Modine can maximize your career potential
Learn More>













For Students
We offer hands-on student work programs that are recognized for excellence
Learn More>













Current Openings
View our openings across the globe and identify your next career opportunity with Modine
View Opportunities>


The Values That Guide Us: Development







 









Diversity
We believe our diversity is the core of our success
Learn More>

 
































Building HVAC


































































































Products













Building HVAC



                Modine, a trusted name in the HVAC industry, offers the best solution for heating,  ventilating, and air conditioning.  From garage heaters to commercial office space Modine has an answer to ensure your space is comfortable no matter the weather. Modine offers brands such as the Hot Dawg™ garage heaters,  Effinity™ high efficiency unit heaters and the Atherion™ packaged ventilation systems that provide the comfort of innovative, reliable, and efficient products. 












Commercial
From high efficiency unit heaters for a warehouse or big-box retailer to packaged ventilation systems for a hotel or restaurant, Modine is there.
Read More>













Schools
As an industry leader in classroom HVAC solutions, Modine is dedicated to improving indoor air quality through systems that provide a healthier, quieter learning environment.
Read More>













Residential
Modine has a wide variety of products for your home, such as geothermal heating and air-conditioning, as well as garage, workshop, or basement unit heaters.
Read More>













Data Centers
From small computer rooms to future-proof solutions across multiple data centers, Airedale’s flexible, high efficiency cooling solutions work smarter to provide more cooling for less power, ensuring a stable environment 24/7.
Read More>













Retailers
Modine has extensive experience working with retailers to deliver DX and chilled water solutions, from small independent retail units to large global retailers. Our integrated solutions maximise efficiency and reduce operational cost.
Read More>
































Current Openings


































































































Careers













Current Openings



                A culture of creativity, investment in state-of-the-art technology and a clear focus on the future combine to create unparalleled opportunities for everyone who contributes at Modine. We are a recognized leader in providing heat transfer solutions to complex markets across the globe. Help us to continue building an exciting future by exploring career opportunities within Modine.












North America
Find out more about our North American openings
Learn More>













Europe
Opportunities exist throughout mainland Europe
Learn More>













South America
Learn more about openings at our São Paulo, Brazil location
Learn More>













Asia
Whether in China, India, Korea or Japan, exciting career opportunities await in Asia!
Learn More>













Airedale - UK
We welcome your interest in our Airedale operations in the United Kingdom.
Learn More>
































Automotive


































































































Products













Automotive



                As automotive manufacturers drive to more efficient solutions for fuel economy and performance, powertrain thermal management components must be optimized for heat transfer, weight, vehicle integration and total costs.  Hybridization and electrification of powertrains increases the need for highly efficient thermal management solutions.












Radiators and Cooling Modules
Our aluminum radiators and modules are compact, lightweight and deliver high performance.
Read More>













Battery Cooling & Heating
The trend towards vehicle electrification necessitates battery temperature control, which provides longer life and optimized performance.
Read More>













PF® Condensers, Oil Coolers, and Combo-Coolers
Performance, packaging and flexibility are delivered by our parallel flow aluminum condensers, oil coolers and combo-coolers.
Read More>













Charge-Air Coolers
Modine aluminum charge-air coolers deliver increased horsepower, reduced emission levels and better fuel economy.
Read More>













Oil Coolers
Modine aluminum LC and plate oil coolers ensure optimal operating temperatures in a compact package.
Read More>













Exhaust Gas Recirculation Coolers
Stainless steel exhaust gas recirculation coolers are critical to reduce NOx emissions and improve fuel economy by lowering combustion temperatures.
Read More>













Liquid-Cooled Charge-Air Coolers
Compact and integrated aluminum liquid-cooled charge-air coolers improve power, fuel economy, emissions and packaging.
Read More>





















Modine Service Parts Locator
















        
            
        








Home


Resources


Training











Cart


Print View


Parts Wholesalers








 
View Cart

		Parts Wholesalers
	


	Click here
	to print or email your cart.

You have not selected a wholesaler. Select one from below:




Authorized Part Wholesalers


 
Name
Address
City
State
ZIP
Phone
Fax
Email








ABCO Supply
6626 Metropolitan Ave
Middle Village
NY
11379
(718) 497-5245
(718) 392-1296
dorothy.watkins@abcorefrigeration.com








Appalachian Sales Group
32 Concourse Way
Greer
SC
29650
(864) 240-2004
(844) 269-9362
johnny@asgmail.com








B.G. Peterson
2966 Harney Street
Omaha
NE
68131-3584
(402) 344-4311
(402) 344-4314
bill@bgpeterson.com








B.J. Terroni Co., Inc.
3190 Tucker Rd.
Bensalem
PA
19202
(215) 639-3600
(215) 639-3710
mark.amoroso@bjterroni.com








Canby Sales, Inc.
9106 NE Marx Dr.
Portland
OR
97220
(503) 305-5603
(503) 305-5606
office@canbysales.com








Casper Winair
PO Box 2591
Casper
WY
82601
307-577-0180
307-235-1006
ramoore@winair.com








Cornerstone Mechanical Sales
Eagle
W356 S9050 Godfrey Ln
WI
53119
(262) 594-0011

greg@cornerstonems.net








D. M. Industrial Ltd.
12-2166 Notre Dame Avenue
Winnipeg, MBR3H 0K2
CANADA
 
(204) 694-8637
(204) 697-0912
dmi.ron@mts.net








E. W. Leonard, Inc.
Ray Palmer Road
Moodus
CT
06469
(860) 873-8691
(860) 873-8693
info@ewleonard.com








Emerson Swan, Inc.
300 Pond St.
Randolph
MA
02368
(617) 986-2000
(617) 986-2028
pknights@emersonswan.com








Excalibur Control Products
7605 50 Street NW
Edmonton, AB
Canada
T6B 2W9
780-421-1504
780-421-1275
steve@excaliburcontrols.com








G. Mitchell Ltd.
St. Laurent, QCH4N 1S5
763, boul. Lebeau
CANADA
 
(514) 332-8929
(514) 332-8925
rblumer@gmitchell.ca








H & H Associates
4510 Westport Dr.
Mechanicsburg
PA
17055
(717) 796-2401
(717) 796-9717
nancy@hhassociates.com








Harry Eklof & Assoc
3401 Pennsy Drive
Landover
MD
20785
(301) 772-1700
(301) 772-0319
jbounds@harryeklof.com








Heinlein Supply
5516 N. Elston Ave.
Chicago
IL
60630
(773) 774-8616
(773) 774-8622
rkron@heinleinsupply.com








Hydronic HVAC Sales


Ontario CANADA
 
(877) 936-4822
(877) 561-4822
sales@hydronichvac.com








Imperial Builders & Supply
P.O. Box 670
Apopka
FL
32703
(407) 889-4147
(407) 887-0453
petef@imperialbuilders.com








Jorban-Riscoe Assoc
9808 Alden Rd.
Lenexa
KS
66215
(913) 438-1244
(913) 438-6548
KillionR@jorban-riscoe.com








K Sales, Inc.
2741 Satsuma, Ste 107
Dallas
TX
75229
(972) 484-8885
(972) 484-1245
k-sales@hotmail.com








Luce Schwab & Kase
P O Box 779
Fairfield
NJ
07004
(973) 227-4840
(973) 227-8750
ehostettler@luceschwabkase.com








MacLeod & Grant, Ltd.
106 Mackay Street
Stellarton
Nova Scotia
B0K 1S0
(902) 752-5532
(902) 752-7778
jwynn@macleodandgrant.com








MJM Associates, Inc.
8200 S. Akron St. Ste 112
Englewood
CO
80112
(303) 790-7000
(303) 790-1133
saltii@aol.com








R A McGovern
1335 McKinley Avenue
Columbus
OH
43222
(614) 274-8811
(614) 274-9193
colleen@ramcgovern.com








Raley Bros.
1210 Hamilton NW
Grand Rapids
MI
49504
(616) 742-0150
(616) 742-0152
sales@raley-bros.com








Rottiers Sales Associates
6359 Auburn Blvd., Ste. C
Citrus Heights
CA
95621
(916) 723-7130
(916) 384-1148
office@rottiers-sales.com








Shelco
Euclid
25545 Chatworth Drive
OH
44117
(216) 862-6253
(216) 862-9052
cjksupply@cjksupply.com








US Airconditioning Distributors
16950 Chestnut Street
City of Industry
CA
91748
626-854-6868
626-854-4550
info@us-ac.com








Vemco, Inc.
1625 Third Avenue, North
Great Falls
MT
59401
(406) 727-5335
(406) 727-5997
darrellw@vemcoinc.com








Wales-Darby, Inc.
6 Powder Horn Drive
Warren
NJ
07059
(732) 560-1001
(732) 560-4831
jjocsak@walesdarby.com








Walters Climate, Inc.
2857 Louisiana Avenue North
New Hope
MN
55427
(612) 544-8626
(612) 544-8631
pbraden@waltersclimate.com





Help
  |  
Questions, Comments, & Feedback
  |  
Modine Manufacturing
  |  
Modine HVAC


Disclaimer:

All service and installation of Modine Manufacturing's heating products must be performed by a qualified contractor.  


© 2017 Modine Manufacturing Company - All Rights Reserved 












Home


























































































								A Rich Legacy - our foundation and inspirationOUR HISTORY >














								OUR PEOPLE - THE REASON FOR OUR SUCCESSCAREERS @ MODINE >














								A Culture of Innovation - it permeates everything we doMODINE PRODUCTS >













                Modine Manufacturing Company has been leading the way in thermal management since 1916. We design, manufacture and test heat transfer products for a wide variety of applications and markets. We're at work in practically every corner of the world, delivering the solutions our customers need, where they need them.


Modine news:


Modine to Host First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Conference Call on August 2, 2017


Modine Hosts A Breath Of Innovation


Modine To Showcase Latest HVAC Solutions At Cultivate'17


New ISC® ICEGARD Presented At Autopromotec


Modine to Participate in the 2017 KeyBanc Capital Markets' Industrial, Automotive & Transportation Conference


Modine to Host Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2016 Earnings Conference Call on May 26, 2016


Modine Selected By Oshkosh Defense To Support Major Military Program


Modine Manufacturing Company Recognized As A Women On Boards Winning Company


Modine Foundation Announces Grant Recipients


Michelle Piening Receives Women In Manufacturing STEP Ahead Award



NEWSROOM >














About Modine
We embrace our history.  We continuously pursue excellence in everything we do.
Read More>













100th Anniversary
Always Innovating, Always Improving
READ MORE>













Our Values
We do business the right way - without compromise.
Read More>



























Home


























































































								A Rich Legacy - our foundation and inspirationOUR HISTORY >














								OUR PEOPLE - THE REASON FOR OUR SUCCESSCAREERS @ MODINE >














								A Culture of Innovation - it permeates everything we doMODINE PRODUCTS >













                Modine Manufacturing Company has been leading the way in thermal management since 1916. We design, manufacture and test heat transfer products for a wide variety of applications and markets. We're at work in practically every corner of the world, delivering the solutions our customers need, where they need them.


Modine news:


Modine to Host First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Conference Call on August 2, 2017


Modine Hosts A Breath Of Innovation


Modine To Showcase Latest HVAC Solutions At Cultivate'17


New ISC® ICEGARD Presented At Autopromotec


Modine to Participate in the 2017 KeyBanc Capital Markets' Industrial, Automotive & Transportation Conference


Modine to Host Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2016 Earnings Conference Call on May 26, 2016


Modine Selected By Oshkosh Defense To Support Major Military Program


Modine Manufacturing Company Recognized As A Women On Boards Winning Company


Modine Foundation Announces Grant Recipients


Michelle Piening Receives Women In Manufacturing STEP Ahead Award



NEWSROOM >














About Modine
We embrace our history.  We continuously pursue excellence in everything we do.
Read More>













100th Anniversary
Always Innovating, Always Improving
READ MORE>













Our Values
We do business the right way - without compromise.
Read More>




















RAISE YOUR COMFORT LEVEL | HVAC























News


Contact Us


BREEZE Online











search





Advanced search





      Need Help? Contact Us
      1-800-828-HEAT




About Modine

Our Vision
History
Testing Capabilities
Made in the USA
Careers
Contact Us
Modine Manufacturing Co.
Airedale
Barkell



Products



                              Product Types



Residential Gas/Hydronic Unit Heaters



Commercial Gas Fired Unit Heaters



Electric Unit Heaters



Hydronic Unit Heaters



Fuel Oil Heaters



Duct Furnaces



Commercial Hydronic Equipment



Infrared Heaters



Vertical Packaged HVAC Systems



Unit Ventilators



Ductless Ceiling Cassettes



Commercial Ventilation Systems



Make-up Air Systems



Geothermal Heat Pumps



Controls






Markets



                              Markets



School Systems



Residential



Greenhouse



Commercial / Industrial






Technical Support

School Systems Support
Hot Dawg Support
Warranty 
Service Bulletins



Resource Center

Where to Buy
Product Brochures
I&S Manuals
News
Merchandise
BREEZE Online
BREEZE GeoLoopField
Effinity Payback Calculator
Hot Dawg Warranty Registration



Modine University

Course Description






Back to top


RAISE YOUR COMFORT LEVEL




Innovation Tour 2017

Traveling North America to bring our HVAC solutions to you! Plus stay for our CEU/NATE  professional development seminars at each stop
More




Modine HVAC

Discover innovative building HVAC solutions for more comfortable, energy-efficient environments.
More




Home HVAC Units

Find geothermal HVAC solutions to gas heaters for home or the man cave.
More




Commercial HVAC Units

Complete or support systems — from commercial HVAC units to HVAC wall units.
More




Energy Efficient Schools

School HVAC systems designed to create healthier, quieter, more energy-efficient schools.
More




Previous
 
Next


YouTube

View all of our online videos for added support and guidance when deciding on a solution or troubleshooting.View Our Online Videos


Innovation Tour 2017

Join Modine at an Innovation Tour stop near you. 
Learn more


Product Spotlight

NEW GeoSync™ Water-to-Air Geothermal Heat Pump.
Ideal for the home and business owners that are looking for a premium geothermal systemFind Out More 



Latest newsView all

Modine Innovation Tour to Stop in Kimberly, Wis.
07 June 2017

Read more


Modine Innovation Tour Travels to Chicago
24 May 2017

Read more


EventsView all




Tweets by @ModineHVAC




Back to top


 



Useful Links

Modine Manufacturing Company
Airedale Air Conditioning
Barkell Air Handling Units




Legal Information

Privacy Statement
Terms and Conditions




Connect with Modine

twitteryoutube



Get in Touch

Global Headquarters1500 De Koven AveRacine WI 53403-2552Contact Us






© Modine Manufacturing 2017, All Rights Reserved.































Modine Manufacturing Company - 首页 | Facebook













Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？注册首页帖子视频照片简介社群创建主页社群查看全部9,811 位用户赞了9,726 位用户关注了简介全部+1 262-636-1200一般回复时间：几分钟内Contact Modine Manufacturing Company on Messengerwww.modine.com供暖、通风与空调服务 · 汽车制造商人气9,811 位用户赞了类似主页Beautiful Creatures Music音乐人The Journal Times报纸Thermomix Deutschland电子产品公司供暖、通风与空调 在拉辛 (威斯康星州) 中这个主页赞了UW-Madison College of EngineeringUniversity of Wisconsin SystemUW-Platteville: College of Engineering, Mathematics and Science地点拉辛 (威斯康星州)汽车、飞机与船只汽车制造商Modine Manufacturing Company中文(简体) · English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France)隐私权政策 · 条款 · 广告发布 · 广告选项 · Cookie · 更多 Facebook © 2017帖子Modine Manufacturing Company · 7月21日 10:56 · Modine is hiring at Product Cost Analyst for its Racine, WI, location.Product Cost Analyst - Job at Modine Manufacturing CompanyProvide timely and accurate response to customer driven inquiries Coordinate the assembly of cost information required for completing cost estimates. Apply...milwaukeejobs.comModine Manufacturing Company · 7月21日 07:20 · With recent flooding throughout the globe, teamwork became paramount at the Modine OneGene location.  Quick remediation started with a well-organized Emergency Contact Network and superior information sharing process.  Thanks to the positive attitudes and willingness of Modine employees to assist in clean-up efforts, the location was back in production and assumed normal operation within 36 hours.   Congratulations to the OneGene team for exemplifying the Values That Guide Us and showing Selflessness under extreme conditions.全部视频Innovation at Modine352Our Racine facility kicked off its United Way campaign today with the Modine Olympics.  #ThankYouWednesday45Celebrating a year of giving and volunteering with United Way! We couldn't do it without the support of our employees. #ThankYouWednesday19全部帖子Modine Manufacturing Company · 7月20日 09:02 · Modine hosted its Annual Shareholders’ Meeting today in Milwaukee, WI.  During the event, Thomas A. Burke, President & CEO, addressed attendees.   “This has been an exciting year for Modine.  In addition to celebrating our one hundredth anniversary, we completed the largest acquisition in our company’s history.  In doing so, we achieved the goals of our Strengthen, Diversify and Grow strategy, while remaining focused on our core competency solving thermal management challenges for our customers,” said Burke.Modine Manufacturing Company · 7月13日 07:09 · Modine is hiring a Vice President, Information Technology for its Racine, WI, location.Vice President, Information Technology - Job at Modine Manufacturing CompanyAs a key member of Modine’s global leadership team, the VP of Information Technology will oversee all aspects of Modine’s global information te...milwaukeejobs.comModine Manufacturing Company · 7月11日 13:41 · Modine is hiring an Application Engineer - Vehicular for its Racine, WI, location.Application Engineer - Vehicular - Job at Modine Manufacturing CompanyThis position is responsible for the development of specific designs using current technology to meet customer requirements most economically. This positio...milwaukeejobs.comModine Manufacturing Company · 7月7日 06:41 · Modine is hiring a Product Cost Analyst for its Racine, WI, location.Product Cost Analyst - Job at Modine Manufacturing CompanyProvide timely and accurate response to customer driven inquiries Coordinate the assembly of cost information required for completing cost estimates. Apply...milwaukeejobs.comModine Manufacturing Company · 7月7日 06:29 · In order to provide its valued partners with desired solutions, Modine’s Commercial and Industrial Solutions (CIS) business hosted A Breath of Innovation, a seminar dedicated to commercial coolers at Filanda Motta in Campocroce, Italy.   For more information: http://investor.shareholder.com/mod/releasedetail.cfm… https://youtu.be/QD7d1NG1DhMMODINE HOSTS A BREATH OF INNOVATIONIn order to provide its valued partners with desired solutions, Modine’s Commercial and Industrial Solutions (CIS) business hosted A Breath of Innovation, a ...youtube.comModine Manufacturing Company 和 United Way of Racine County · 7月6日 12:02 · Employees from Modine's Racine location recently particpated in the Greater Modine Open benefiting the United Way of Racine County.  Over 68 golfers raised $3,631, which was then doubled by Modine for a total donation of $7,262.Modine Manufacturing Company · 7月6日 07:31 · Modine is hiring an Accounts Payable Coordinator for its Racine, WI, location.Accounts Payable Coordinator - Job at Modine Manufacturing CompanyReceive vendor invoices and execute the 3 Way match for invoice entry for product received Receive service invoices and obtain proper approval and document...milwaukeejobs.comModine Manufacturing Company · 7月5日 13:05 · Modine introduced its new line of ISC® ICEGARD machines designed for the maintenance of vehicle air conditioning systems in cars, heavy commercial vehicles, and farm and nautical sector machinery. http://investor.shareholder.com/mod/releasedetail.cfm…Modine Manufacturing Company · 7月5日 12:49 · Modine is hiring an Application Engineer - Vehicular for its Racine, WI, location.Application Engineer - Vehicular - Job at Modine Manufacturing CompanyThis position is responsible for the development of specific designs using current technology to meet customer requirements most economically. This position reports to an Application Engineering Supervisor or the Application & Product Engineering Manager. Key Responsibilities Design heat exchangers....milwaukeejobs.comModine Manufacturing Company · 6月28日 08:09 · Modine is hiring a Senior Internal Auditor for its Racine, WI, location.Senior Internal Auditor - Job at Modine Manufacturing CompanyParticipate in and lead internal audit activities including performing financial and operational audits and testing controls and procedures Key Responsibil...milwaukeejobs.comModine Manufacturing Company · 6月27日 18:23 · This vintage Modine unit in Hallock, MN, got a new look when the facility it heats was transformed from a Standard Oil gas station to Revelation Ale Works.Modine Manufacturing Company · 6月27日 07:16 · Modine is hiring a Shipping & Receiving Crater for its Racine, WI, location.Shipping & Receiving - Crater - Job at Modine Manufacturing CompanyWe are looking for an energetic individual to become part of our Shipping & Receiving Department. This position will be involved in devising crates, cuttin...milwaukeejobs.comModine Manufacturing Company 分享了 Airedale International Air Conditioning 的视频 · 6月23日 · A great testimonial from our team in Leeds for International Women in Engineering Day. #INWED17Women in STEM careers - what's it like?发布者：Airedale International Air Conditioning388 次播放388 次播放Airedale International Air Conditioning · 6月23日 · As part of International Women in Engineering Day #INWED17, Ellie Hall - Controls Software Developer, describes what it's like to be a female engineer at AiredaleModine Manufacturing Company · 6月23日 · June 23, 2017, marks 101 successful years in business for Modine.  Thanks for joining us as we continue to transform the thermal management industry as the new Modine. We’re thrilled to see and share our successes this year.更多







Modine Heat Transfer Inc. - MoDNR




































 Missouri Department of Natural Resources




Quick Navigation

Skip to Main Content
MO.gov
Gov. Eric Greitens
Find an Agency
Online Services







Search

Search


Search









Mobile Menu Button








Toolbar Links

RSS News Feed
Email us
Watch Videos on Youtube
Follow us on Twitter














Programs 

Air Pollution Control Program
Division of Environmental Quality
Environmental Services Program
Geological Survey Program
Hazardous Waste Program
Human Resources - Jobs
Land Reclamation Program
Missouri Geological Survey
Missouri State Parks
Regional Offices
Soil and Water Conservation Program
Solid Waste Management Program
State Historic Preservation Office
Water Protection Program
Water Resources Center



Forms and Permits

Publications

Laws and Regulations 
Online Services
Calendar of Events 












Modine Manufacturing 



Last Updated: July 24, 2017

To receive future updates on these sites, sign up here.
Current Activities 
Modine Manufacturing Co. is conducting investigations of  contaminant releases at the 221 Sunset Drive facility under a Corrective Action  Abatement Order on Consent with the department.  The department’s Hazardous Waste Program, Permits Section is providing oversight  of these activities. The status of Modine’s corrective action activities is described below. 
 Hamilton-Sundstrand, parent company of  former  Sundstrand Tubular Products, is addressing related groundwater contamination issues  with the Hulett Lagoon and Mulberry Well under a Cooperative Letter of  Agreement with the department. The department’s Hazardous Waste Program, Superfund  Section is providing oversight for these activities. The status of Sundstrand’s remedial  activities is described below. 

Corrective Action Abatement Order on Consent for the Former Hulett Lagoon (03/21/16) *The web page has the correct dates. The AOC has an incorrect date, however due to it being a legal document, no correction can be made.

 Because these two sites are related, Permits and Superfund are closely  coordinating the investigation and corrective action/remedial activities. Modine's earlier investigations of the facility focused on soil contamination at the site. Due to advances in science and the understanding of potential  health effects associated with vapors released from soil and groundwater  contaminated with volatile organic compounds, the focus has shifted to  investigating vapors inside the manufacturing building and nearby residential  homes. The investigation began early December  2015, and was the subject of a  March  2016 public meeting and April 2017 public availability session (summary). Listed below is the information provided at the two events. 
Presentations

Site Presentation (3/16)
Health Presentation (3/16)

Handouts

221 Sunset Drive Factsheet (3/16)
Trichloroethylene - ToxFAQs
Vapor Intrusion
Investigating Vapor Intrusion
Facts About...Vapor Intrusion
A Citizen's Guide to Vapor Intrusion Mitigation
How to Reduce Your Exposure to Chemicals at Home, Work, and Play

Maps

Aerial Photograph (3/16)
History of the Facility at 221 Sunset Drive (3/16)
Camdenton Area Groundwater Monitoring Wells (3/16)
Vapor Intrusion Sampling and Mitigation Plan (3/16)
Sampling Location Map *11 MB (3/16)
Activities Completed to Date - Vapor Migration Assessment (3/16)
Phase 1 Sitewide Soil Vapor Investigation Results (4/17)
Residential Vapor Intrusion Sampling Quantities and TCE Exceedances (4/17)
Residential Vapor Intrusion Sampling Program Exit Process (4/17)
221 Sunset Path Forward (4/17)

 
 Modine Manufacturing Co.
MoDNR Contact: Christine Kump-Mitchell, 314-416-2464 or  800-361-4827
      Modine Contact: Jesse Nickrand, 262-636-1329

 Location of hard copies of hazardous waste permit application, orders,  investigation and corrective action work plans and reports, etc. and supporting documents: 

Missouri Department of Natural Resources, Elm Street Conference Center, Missouri (Submit a Sunshine Request). 
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Information Resource Center, 11201 Renner Blvd., Lenexa, Kansas (Call 913-551-7241 to schedule an appointment). 





 Facility Description   




Former Company Name: Dawson Metal Products, Sundstrand  Tubular Products Inc., Hamilton Sundstrand
Type of Facility: Former Interim Status  Hazardous Waste Storage – closed
Wastes Handled: Aqueous  wastes, corrosives, flammables, industrial wastewater, inorganic  sludges/solids, organic sludges/solids, oxidizers, reactives, solvents,  as well as various F-, K- P- and U-listed hazardous wastes as specified in the  Part A application 

The  Modine Manufacturing Co. site is located on about 69 acres at 221 Sunset Drive  (previously 179 Sunset Drive), next to a residential neighborhood in Camdenton.  In 1967, Dawson Metal Products constructed a commercial building at the site  and began manufacturing air-conditioning coils and feeder parts from aluminum  and copper tubing. In 1972, Sundstrand Tubular Products bought out Dawson and  produced aluminum and copper heat transfer units at the facility until 1990.  During that time, the building underwent four expansions and is currently  120,000 square feet.
The  manufacturing process required cutting and expanding aluminum and copper to  bond the copper tubing with the aluminum fins. A vapor degreasing process was  used to remove the oil and dirt from the various parts and assembled units  before further processing. Both Dawson and Sundstrand used trichloroethylene  (TCE) in the vapor degreasers. A variety of hazardous wastes were produced as  part of the facility operations, including corrosive waste, wastewater treatment  sludge from electroplating operations and residual contaminants associated with  the degreasing operations. 
From  1972 to 1990, Sundstrand stored the hazardous waste in three hazardous waste  container storage areas. Area 1 was a 25 foot by 30 foot gravel area located  outside, about 80 feet west of the west wall of the manufacturing building.  Area 1 operated from 1972 to 1983, and stored up to forty-five 55-gallon drums  of liquid waste and sludge at any given time, including TCE still bottoms,  waste paint filters and liquid and non-hazardous waste oil. Area 1 was graded, paved and turned into an employee parking lot in 1983. Area 2 was a 25 foot by 30 foot  concrete slab located outside, about 10 feet west of the west wall of the  manufacturing building. Area 2 operated from 1983 to 1985. In addition to  storing up to twenty 55-gallon drums, the area also contained one 1000-gallon  waste oil tank and one 5300-gallon steel tank that held TCE still bottoms. Area  3 was a 25 foot by 50 foot area located along the south outside wall of the  manufacturing building. Area 3 operated from 1979 to 1983, and reportedly  stored 55-gallon drums of waste TCE and waste oil from the degreasing  operations. In 1983, Area 3 was removed to make room for a building expansion  to the south. 
From  1967 to 1986, both Dawson and Sundstrand used four cement sumps (mud pits) for  wastewater collection. The mud pits, located about 10 feet from the building  foundation along the west side of the manufacturing building, were 4 feet by 4  feet by 4 feet deep. The mud pits received stormwater, boiler blowdown and  cleaning line water from the manufacturing process. Each pit was connected to  the pit next to it by a 6-inch diameter steel line. Mud pits #1 and #2 collected copper  cleaning line waste. Mud  pit #3 collected aluminum cleaning line waste. Mud pit #4, the southernmost mud pit, was an open pit that collected boiler water and stormwater. The contents of each mud pit flowed into the connected mud  pit, in sequence from mud pit #4 to mud pit #1. The untreated wastewater  eventually discharged from mud pit #1 into the on-site wastewater discharge  line, which connected to the City of Camdenton sewer system along  the north side of the manufacturing building. The untreated wastewater mixed with  sanitary wastes from surrounding residential properties while it traveled to a  1-acre, off-site wastewater treatment lagoon, known as the Hulett Lagoon. Located about one-fourth mile to the northeast of the manufacturing building,  Hulett Lagoon was operated by the City of Camdenton from 1961 to1989. The lagoon  received stormwater and untreated wastewater from the Sundstrand facility,  other commercial waste streams from the Hulett Chevrolet Buick GMC car dealership and  domestic sewage from the surrounding residences. In 1985, Sundstrand removed  mud pit #2, closed the Area 2 hazardous waste container storage area and  installed a wastewater pretreatment system over the area. Sundstrand began  using the wastewater pretreatment system in 1986 and stopped discharging  untreated waste to the city sewer system. 
In  October 1990, Modine Heat Transfer Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Modine  Manufacturing Co., purchased the property from Sundstrand and continued  producing aluminum and copper heat transfer units until 1997. Modine used  1,1,1-trichloroethane (1,1,1-TCA) in the vapor degreasers from 1990 until 1993,  and methylene chloride from 1993 until 1997. In April 1997, Modine Heat  Transfer Inc. merged with Modine Manufacturing Co. and changed its name to  Modine Manufacturing Co. 
In 1997, Modine completely renovated the building’s  interior as part of a product-line change, which required replacing  all  equipment in the plant, except the wastewater and electrical systems. Modine  removed the vapor degreasing units and brought all recessed floors to grade. In 1997, Modine  began producing radiators (large heat transfer units) using a different manufacturing  process. No chlorinated vapor degreasing was used in the parts cleaning  process. In February 2009, CLA LLC purchased the property from Modine, who  in-turn sold the property to RAASMartin LLC. Modine continued operating at the  facility under a lease agreement until 2012. 





  Closure and Corrective Action Status   



Details  regarding the removal and initial closure activities for the three hazardous  waste container storage areas are unknown. In September 1990, before Modine  purchased the site, Sundstrand submitted a closure plan to the department to  close the hazardous waste container storage areas in order to terminate the  facility’s interim status classification as a hazardous waste treatment,  storage and disposal facility. Sundstrand wanted to  operate as a hazardous waste generator only.  Modine notified the department and the U.S. Environmental  Protection Agency (EPA) of the ownership change in December 1990. According to applicable state  and federal hazardous waste laws and regulations, Modine, as the owner of the  property at that time, was required to investigate and clean up releases of  hazardous waste and hazardous constituents to the environment at their facility  resulting from present and past hazardous waste handling practices, including  releases by previous facility owners. 
In  November 1991, Law Environmental Inc. performed an Environmental Site  Assessment of the facility, on behalf of Modine. Sample results showed low  levels of volatile organic compounds (VOCs) along the west side of the  manufacturing building, in the area of hazardous waste container storage areas 1  and 2. Modine submitted a revised closure plan for the hazardous waste  container storage areas in March 1992, which the department approved with  modifications in November 1992. The modifications required additional sampling. 
During  this same timeframe, Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. performed a visual site  inspection and preliminary assessment of the facility, on behalf of EPA, due to  a complaint claiming  4500 gallons of TCE had been spilled at the facility.  The assessment was conducted to identify and gather information on actual and  potential releases of hazardous waste and hazardous constituents to the  environment. The 1992 Environmental Priorities Initiative/Preliminary  Assessment (EPI/PA) report identified six solid waste management units recommended for additional investigation. These units included the Hulett  Lagoon, mud pits, three container storage areas and monorail vapor degreaser  and still. 
While  Modine performed the container storage area closures, several investigations  were also performed to assess the potential for releases from the solid waste  management units recommended for additional investigation. Most of the units  were grouped together by location for investigation and remediation purposes.  The Hulett Lagoon and associated wastewater line were located off the Modine  facility property. The mud pits, Area 1 and Area 2 were located on the west  side of the manufacturing building. 
Based  on the 1991 sampling results, Law Environmental Inc. performed a follow-up  investigation in July 1993, during the closure of the container storage areas. This investigation was  to further assess the presence of TCE and related VOCs. On behalf of Modine,  Law submitted a closure report in September 1993. Sampling results showed  detectable amounts of VOCs and lead in the soil. The department requested  Modine perform a risk assessment and additional sampling. The August 1994 Risk  Assessment concluded  the minimal amounts of  VOCs in the soil  did not pose a health risk and  the   lead in the soil was not considered a significant health risk.  However, the department required Modine to define the extent of  contamination to non-detectable levels in order to reach final closure of the container  storage areas. In  1995, Dames & Moore performed the required investigation, which also included a groundwater investigation. On behalf of Modine, Dames & Moore submitted a report of its  findings to the department in February 1996. Sample results showed detectable amounts of TCE and  other related VOCs in and around the employee parking lot and  along the buried wastewater discharge line along the west side of the manufacturing building.  Additional groundwater monitoring wells were also installed. Samples taken  during installation showed groundwater contamination was present. Additional   investigation was determined to be needed. 
In  November 1996, Dames & Moore conducted an investigation at the former  Hulett Lagoon to determine whether VOCs, particularly TCE, were present in the  soil. Missouri Engineering Corp., a contractor for the City of Camdenton,  originally coordinated the sludge removal from the lagoon during closure  activities in July 1989. Although the closure was approved by the department’s  Water Pollution Control Program, there was no knowledge of contamination at the  lagoon at that time and the closure was not designed to meet the requirements  of the Missouri Hazardous Waste Management Law and regulations regarding  corrective action. Sampling results from the 1996 investigation confirmed TCE  was present in the soil near the former lagoon outfall and near the center of  the former lagoon. 
In  April 1997, Dames & Moore conducted a soil investigation under the manufacturing building floor, in the area of the monorail vapor degreaser and  still and former Area 3. On behalf of Modine, Dames & Moore submitted a  final report to the department in May 1997. Sample results indicated TCE was  present in the soil east of the former above ground solvent storage tank  location and north of the monorail vapor degreaser.  VOCs were also  present in the soil beneath the manufacturing building foundation, in the area of the former  monorail vapor degreaser. 
In  September 1997, Dames & Moore performed an investigation at the mud pits to  assess any potential releases. On behalf of Modine, Dames & Moore submitted  a final report to the department in December 1997. Sample results showed  increasing TCE concentrations with increasing depth. As a remedial action, the  soil surrounding mud pits #1, #3 and #4 and debris from the mud pits (i.e.,  cement lining, PVC piping and scrap metal) were removed in October 1997.  About 13 tons of soil were disposed off-site as hazardous waste and 184 tons  were disposed off-site as special waste. The areas where VOCs were detected  above the cleanup goals were limited and in areas   difficult to get to  for removal. Removing the soil would have potentially weakened the building  foundation or damaged underground utilities, such as fire lines. 
In  January 1999, TCE was discovered in the City of Camdenton's Mulberry Well, at  levels above the maximum contaminant level for drinking water. The Mulberry  Well is a city municipal well, located about 600 feet southeast of the Modine  property and 1000 feet south of the former Hulett Lagoon. A March 1999  investigation confirmed TCE from the Hulett Lagoon was released to the  groundwater. Because the untreated wastewater from the Modine property mixed  with sanitary wastes from nearby residences in the sewer system on its way to  the Hulett Lagoon, legal limitations were imposed on the department’s ability  to use hazardous waste authority to investigate the groundwater contamination.  The groundwater contamination issue was referred to the department's Hazardous Waste Program, Superfund Section, under the name  Hulett Lagoon. The status of these remedial  activities is described below. The Mulberry Well is no longer  connected to the city's water supply system and is not used for  drinking water. 
In  July 1999, Modine entered into a Corrective Action Abatement Order on Consent  with the department, Order No. 99-HW-002. The Order outlined the  framework for a facility-wide investigation to fully define the nature and  extent of any contaminant releases to the soil at the Modine property, and to  identify and evaluate possible corrective measures necessary to prevent, alleviate  or clean up any releases. The department’s Hazardous Waste Program, Permits Section is providing oversight  of these activities. 
Both  the Modine facility and the former Hulett Lagoon appear to be contributors to  the TCE groundwater contamination in the area. Permits and Superfund are  closely coordinating all environmental investigation and cleanup activities,  given the connection between the environmental issues. 
In  July 2000, as part of a plant renovation, Modine removed the on-site wastewater  discharge line that connected the mud pits to the city of Camdenton sewer  system. The discharge line ran along the north side of the manufacturing  building, from the mud pits on the west side of the manufacturing building to  the sewer main on the north side. Soil samples were collected  along the base and walls of the 220-foot excavation trench. Residual TCE was  detected at one sample location; however, the amount was far below the EPA  Regional Screening Level for residential use. TCE was not detected in any other  samples collected along the former wastewater discharge line. 
In  October 2000, CH2M HILL was contracted by Modine to investigate the extent of  TCE contamination in the soil west of the manufacturing building, near the end  of a former stormwater drain line. An approximately 4000 square foot area of  the parking lot west of the building, in the former location of hazardous waste  container storage Area 1, was identified as contaminated. Excavation activities  began in October 2001 and included removing about 4800 cubic yards of soil. As  more information became available, the amount of impacted soil was more than  originally estimated, especially to the east and southeast of the known area of  impact. Excavation activities stopped and additional investigations were  performed to better understand the extent of impacted soil. In 2002, an  additional 4700 tons of soil were removed. Confirmation sample results showed  all VOC impacted soil was removed to site-specific cleanup levels, which were  developed to be protective of groundwater. 
On  behalf of Modine, CH2M HILL performed an indoor air quality assessment for the  manufacturing building in March 2003, in order to help the department complete  an Environmental Indicator determination. Environmental Indicator evaluations  were developed by EPA to measure the progress in protecting human health and  the environment at facilities performing environmental cleanups. These measures  evaluate current environmental conditions and calculate whether people are  currently being exposed to environmental contamination at unacceptable levels,  and whether any existing plumes of contaminated groundwater are expanding,  stable, shrinking or adversely affecting surface water bodies. 
The  department was concerned residual VOC contamination in the soil or water  beneath the manufacturing building, or along the west side of the building,  could be vaporizing and entering the air inside the building. Sample results  showed low VOC concentrations in the indoor air, below site-specific screening  levels and the lowest OSHA occupational exposure limit. Modine continued to  monitor the indoor air each year for three years and found no contaminant  concentrations above OSHA occupational exposure limits. The VOC concentrations  were also used to calculate cumulative risks, which were determined to be  acceptable for an operating facility. 
In  2006, Superfund conducted an investigation along the city sewer line, between the Modine facility and the former Hulett Lagoon. Soil  sample results confirmed TCE was present in the soil along the sewer line and  may be a potential source of TCE in the Mulberry Well. Superfund conducted  additional investigation of the groundwater contamination related to this part  of the sewer line. 
During  this same timeframe, CH2M HILL sampled the soil under the manufacturing  building on behalf of Modine. Soil borings were advanced beneath the west wall  of the manufacturing building, at former mud pits #1 and #3. A horizontal  boring was advanced under the manufacturing building in the area of the former  monorail vapor degreaser and still. In 2007, additional soil borings were taken  through the manufacturing building floor, in the area of the former monorail  vapor degreaser and still. Sample results under the manufacturing building  showed VOCs were below site-specific screening levels. 
As required by  the corrective action order and on behalf of Modine, CH2M HILL performed a Resource Conservation and  Recovery Act (RCRA) Facility Investigation to define the horizontal and vertical  extent of any contamination. CH2M HILL submitted a RCRA  Facility Investigation Report to the department and EPA in 2009. The report  summarized the historical investigations and included both a Human Health and  Ecological Risk Assessment. It also evaluated the indoor air against OSHA  occupational exposure limits, which are for operating facilities and do not  take into account the potential for vapors to enter from beneath the  floor. Before the department would approve the report, the department determined additional indoor air  investigations were necessary to determine if VOCs were vaporizing and entering  the manufacturing building. In  August 2010, indoor and outdoor air samples were collected at the facility. The  maximum TCE concentration was below the screening level based on EPA’s  preliminary TCE toxicity values. 
In March 2012, Modine  stopped operating and removed all equipment and machinery from the building.  Modine vacated the premises and terminated its lease in late April 2012. In 2013, CH2M HILL submitted to the department a Quality Assurance  Project Plan, on behalf of Modine, for indoor air and sub-slab soil gas  sampling in the manufacturing building. The actual sampling was delayed due to  a change in property ownership and technical difficulties with the building’s  ventilation system. The property went into foreclosure in 2013. The  current lienholder is Simmons First National Bank. The  facility is currently vacant and property is inactive, except for on-going  corrective action activities. 
During this same time period, EPA released final TCE toxicity  values, which resulted in lower screening levels than were used in the 2003 and  2010 indoor air sampling events. In March 2015, CH2M HILL  collected sub-slab soil gas samples beneath the manufacturing building in areas  not previously sampled, indoor air samples inside the manufacturing building  and outdoor air samples just outside the manufacturing building. On behalf of  Modine, CH2M HILL submitted a Vapor Intrusion Evaluation Summary Report to the  department in June 2015. Sample results showed TCE concentrations in the indoor  air above the department’s risk-based target level for  non-residential land use and EPA’s regional  screening level for industrial air. TCE concentrations in the sub-slab soil gas  were above EPA residential and commercial screening levels. TCE was not  detected in the outdoor air sample collected upwind of the building; however,  TCE was detected downwind of the building. The TCE concentrations detected  in the outdoor air did not appear to be a source of the measured indoor air  concentrations. The TCE concentrations in sub-slab vapors were extremely  high. It was suspected these vapors were entering the manufacturing building  and were the main source of the measured indoor air concentrations. 
Because of these  findings, CH2M HILL, on behalf of Modine, performed outdoor soil gas sampling  in July and August 2015, on the eastern and northern facility property lines,  next to the nearby residential areas. CH2M HILL submitted a Vapor Intrusion  Evaluation Summary Report to the department in October 2015. Sample results  showed the maximum TCE concentrations in soil gas at the eastern facility  property line were above EPA residential and commercial screening levels. The  sampling location was about ten feet west of a residential property and 80 feet  south of an existing sanitary sewer line serving the nearby residences. TCE  concentrations in soil gas near the sanitary sewer line on the northern side of  the building were above EPA residential screening levels. The sewer line runs east from the manufacturing building into a sewer tie-in drain, where it splits north to  Sunset Drive and east to Mulberry Drive (the neighborhood to the east of the  facility property). The sample results suggested the possibility of TCE vapors  entering the sewer line or backfill material surrounding the line, which could  act as a pathway for TCE vapors to enter the nearby homes and build up to  levels of potential health concern. Based on these sample  results, the department requested Modine to obtain access to and perform indoor  air and sub-slab soil gas sampling at select homes north of the facility  property on Sunset Drive, east of the facility property along Mulberry Drive and  any other nearby homes connected to the sewer line. The department also  requested Modine to collect soil gas samples from the gravel subgrade along the  sewer line along the length of Mulberry Drive and another round of soil gas  samples from the previously sampled locations on the facility property. 
Quarterly  sampling events  were conducted at each  residence, in order to  evaluate the potential effects of temperature changes on vapor intrusion. The first sampling event  occurred in early December 2015, with supplemental sampling conducted in  January 2016. Indoor air and either sub-slab or crawl space soil gas samples  were collected at each residence where access for sampling had been granted.  Sewer gas samples were collected within the sewer lines. Soil gas samples were  planned in the gravel subgrade along the sewer corridor, but were not collected  due to heavy rain and water in the sampling ports. Sample results showed TCE  concentrations below the EPA regional screening level in seven of the ten residences.  TCE concentrations at three residences were above the regional screening level,  but below the response action level. In order to further evaluate the indoor  air and potential TCE sources, a HAPSITE, which is a mobile instrument used to  detect VOCs, was used at the three residences that exceeded the regional screening  level. TCE concentrations exceeded the sub-slab soil gas screening level at one residence; therefore, a  sub-slab mitigation system was installed. 
 Based  on the results of the December/January sampling events, the department  requested Modine expand the residential sampling scope by obtaining access to  and performing indoor air and sub-slab soil gas sampling at select homes north  of Sunset Drive, along Bent Tree Lane. The next sampling event occurred in March 2016, and included the selected residences along Bent Tree Lane and the residences sampled in December 2015. Indoor air and  either sub-slab or crawl space soil gas samples were collected at each  residence. Soil gas samples were collected in the gravel  subgrade along the sewer corridor, where possible, and sewer gas samples were collected  within the sewer lines. Sample results showed TCE concentrations above the response action level at one residence on  Mulberry Drive. An air-purifying unit was installed at this home and permanent  vapor mitigation will be installed. 
Quarterly sampling  continued in June 2016, September 2016 and  December 2016. Residences that complete  four quarters of indoor air  and sub-slab or crawl space sampling, with sample results showing TCE concentrations below the response action level, are  eligible to be removed from the quarterly sampling program. Modine developed an exit  process for those residences.   As of February 2017, eighteen residences  completed the quarterly sampling  program. 





Regulatory Status   



Sundstrand operated  three hazardous waste container storage areas under the interim status portions  of the federal and state hazardous waste laws, 40 CFR Part 265 and 10 CSR 25-7.265. When Congress passed the federal hazardous waste law in 1980,   
              all existing facilities treating, storing or  disposing hazardous waste in a manner that would necessitate obtaining a  hazardous waste permit were required to notify EPA and apply to get such a  permit, unless the facility chose to close those operations. Because of the large number of existing facilities, Congress  set up requirements which allowed these facilities to operate temporarily under  “interim status” until they received their permit. 
Sundstrand (now  Hamilton-Sundstrand) submitted their RCRA Part A Permit Application for the  hazardous waste container storage areas on Nov. 10, 1980, with a revision  submitted in 1983. A RCRA Part B Permit Application was never submitted. In  September 1990, Sundstrand decided not to continue the hazardous waste  permitting process and to close the hazardous waste container storage areas. Sundstrand wanted to operate as a hazardous waste generator only.  Sundstrand, and later Modine, is not subject to the permitting requirements of  the Missouri Hazardous Waste Management Law or federal Hazardous and Solid  Waste Amendments to RCRA for post-closure care because they “clean closed” the  interim status hazardous waste management units. 
Modine is subject to  corrective action because they completed closure of the interim status hazardous  waste management units after the effective date of the federal Hazardous and  Solid Waste Amendments to RCRA. On July 20, 1999, Modine voluntarily entered  into a Corrective Action Abatement Order on Consent with the department, Order No. 99-HW-002. The order is still in effect.





Return to Camdenton Sites homepage.







Program Home Page
Businesses, Schools and Public Organizations
 Cleanup 
 Data Downloads 
 Electronic Recycling
Guidance and Information
 Hazardous Waste Forum
 Hazardous Waste Management Commission
 Laws and Regulations
 Map Gallery
 Missouri Risk-Based Corrective Action (MRBCA)
 Permitting, Certification and Licenses
 Public Participation
 Radioactive Material Shipments





Contact Information

 Hazardous Waste Program
  P.O. Box 176
  Jefferson City, MO 65102
  800-361-4827
  573-751-3176
Contact Us 
Report an Environmental Concern





















Products | HVAC


























News


Contact Us


BREEZE Online











search





Advanced search









About Modine

Our Vision
History
Testing Capabilities
Made in the USA
Careers
Contact Us
Modine Manufacturing Co.
Airedale
Barkell



Products



                              Product Types



Residential Gas/Hydronic Unit Heaters



Commercial Gas Fired Unit Heaters



Electric Unit Heaters



Hydronic Unit Heaters



Fuel Oil Heaters



Duct Furnaces



Commercial Hydronic Equipment



Infrared Heaters



Vertical Packaged HVAC Systems



Unit Ventilators



Ductless Ceiling Cassettes



Commercial Ventilation Systems



Make-up Air Systems



Geothermal Heat Pumps



Controls






Markets



                              Markets



School Systems



Residential



Greenhouse



Commercial / Industrial






Technical Support

School Systems Support
Hot Dawg Support
Warranty 
Service Bulletins



Resource Center

Where to Buy
Product Brochures
I&S Manuals
News
Merchandise
BREEZE Online
BREEZE GeoLoopField
Effinity Payback Calculator
Hot Dawg Warranty Registration



Modine University

Course Description






Back to top

HomeProducts




Products
      Modine offers a wide variety of heating and air conditioning products including unit heaters, commercial rooftop HVAC systems, geothermal heating and cooling systems, classroom HVAC and more.Tested and proven in one of the most advanced simulation labs in the industry, our commercial and residential HVAC systems provide quiet, reliable, and efficient heating and cooling in even the most challenging climate conditions.
 




Product Types


Residential Gas/Hydronic Unit Heaters


Commercial Gas Fired Unit Heaters


Electric Unit Heaters


Hydronic Unit Heaters


Fuel Oil Heaters


Duct Furnaces


Commercial Hydronic Equipment


Infrared Heaters


Vertical Packaged HVAC Systems


Unit Ventilators


Ductless Ceiling Cassettes


Commercial Ventilation Systems


Make-up Air Systems


Geothermal Heat Pumps


Controls






			Where to Buy
Connect With Us
Twitter
Youtube



loading



Residential Gas/Hydronic Unit Heaters


Residential Gas/Hydronic Unit Heaters
Modine’s Hot Dawg® residential and garage heater and water heater units keep the chill out of your workspace or garage.

More details





Commercial Gas Fired Unit Heaters


Commercial Gas Fired Unit Heaters
The Effinity™ from Modine is one of most efficient gas heater in North America operating at up to 97% efficiency. 

More details





Electric Unit Heaters


Electric Unit Heaters
Modine’s electric heaters are ideal for most industrial plants, commercial and recreational buildings, and special-purpose structures such as animal shelters.

More details





Hydronic Unit Heaters


Hydronic Unit Heaters
Modine’s hydronic heater line is one of the most popular unit heaters available with low cost installation because of the lightweight construction.

More details





Fuel Oil Heaters


Fuel Oil Heaters
Modine’s oil heater units are built with time-tested, field-proven components. They include automatic operation and are easy to install and service.

More details





Duct Furnaces


Duct Furnaces
Modine’s indoor and outdoors duct heater are designed to for use with a building’s heating, heating/cooling and make-up air systems.

More details





Commercial Hydronic Equipment


Commercial Hydronic Equipment
Modine’s hydronic heating products are ideal for jobs that require custom, engineered steam/hot water heating solutions.

More details





Infrared Heaters


Infrared Heaters
Infrared leads the market in providing energy efficient heating.  Overcome the most significant challenges of heating indoor and outdoor spaces with innovative technology that warms more efficiently than convection heaters.

More details





Vertical Packaged HVAC Systems


Vertical Packaged HVAC Systems
Whether you have a new school or need to retrofit cooling and heating units into your school, our School Systems can bring continuous comfort to the classroom.

More details





Unit Ventilators


Unit Ventilators
Our horizontal unit ventilators were made for environments like the classroom because they’re quiet, efficient, and easily serviced.

More details





Ductless Ceiling Cassettes


Ductless Ceiling Cassettes
Create independently controlled temperature zones with Modine ceiling cassettes air conditioner and ceiling heat.

More details





Commercial Ventilation Systems


Commercial Ventilation Systems
Atherion® by Modine is our commercial ventilation system with optional energy recovery. It’s designed for easy installation, energy efficiency and durability.

More details





Make-up Air Systems


Make-up Air Systems
Our complete line of indoor and outdoor make-up air units gives you a broad range of options to meet your needs.

More details





Geothermal Heat Pumps


Geothermal Heat Pumps
Whether it’s water-to-water, water-to-air, combination or split systems, our geothermal energy heat pumps are an eco-friendly way to heat and cool your space.

More details





Controls


Controls
Our HVAC systems are equipped with contractor-friendly Modine Controls Systems so you can be sure that your unit is reliable and safe.

More details











Back to top


 



Useful Links

Modine Manufacturing Company
Airedale Air Conditioning
Barkell Air Handling Units




Legal Information

Privacy Statement
Terms and Conditions




Connect with Modine

twitteryoutube



Get in Touch

Global Headquarters1500 De Koven AveRacine WI 53403-2552Contact Us






© Modine Manufacturing 2017, All Rights Reserved.


































    MOD Key Statistics - Modine Manufacturing Co. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Modine Manufacturing Co.

                  NYSE: MOD
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Modine Manufacturing Co.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 5:09 p.m.


MOD

/quotes/zigman/234374/composite


$
16.60




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 1,681
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/234374/composite
Previous close

$
			16.15
		


$
				16.60
			
Change

+0.45
+2.79%





Day low
Day high
$16.25
$16.88










52 week low
52 week high

            $9.25
        

            $17.38
        

















			Company Description 


			Modine Manufacturing Co. develops and manufactures thermal management components and systems. It engages in providing heating and cooling technology and solutions to diversified global markets. It's manufactures and markets heat exchangers and systems for use in on-highway and off-highway original e...
		


                Modine Manufacturing Co. develops and manufactures thermal management components and systems. It engages in providing heating and cooling technology and solutions to diversified global markets. It's manufactures and markets heat exchangers and systems for use in on-highway and off-highway original equipment manufacturer vehicular applications, and to a wide array of building, industrial and refrigeration markets. Its products include radiators and radiator cores, vehicular air conditioning, oil coolers, charge air coolers, heat-transfer packages and modules, building heating, ventilating and air conditioning equipment and exhaust gas recirculation coolers. The company was founded by Arthur B. Modine on June 23, 1916 and is headquartered Racine, WI.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
55.69


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
56.98


P/E Ratio (without extraordinary items)
42.07


Price to Sales Ratio
0.39


Price to Book Ratio
1.48


Price to Cash Flow Ratio
14.16


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
10.52


Enterprise Value to Sales
0.87


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.48

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
134,196.00


Income Per Employee
1,250.00


Receivables Turnover
6.10


Total Asset Turnover
1.27

Liquidity

Current Ratio
1.21


Quick Ratio
0.84


Cash Ratio
0.08



Profitability

Gross Margin
17.23


Operating Margin
4.36


Pretax Margin
1.38


Net Margin
0.93


Return on Assets
1.18


Return on Equity
3.54


Return on Total Capital
1.91


Return on Invested Capital
2.12

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Equity
123.41


Total Debt to Total Capital
55.24


Total Debt to Total Assets
35.25


Long-Term Debt to Equity
98.00


Long-Term Debt to Total Capital
43.86





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Thomas Andrew Burke 
59
2005
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director



Mr. Thomas F. Marry 
55
1998
Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President



Mr. Michael B. Lucareli 
47
1999
Chief Financial Officer & Vice President-Finance



Mr. Scott D. Wollenberg 
47
1992
Vice President-North America Region



Mr. Dennis P. Appel 
-
-
Vice President-Commercial & Industrial Solutions





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





07/20/2017

Marsha Cole Williams 
Director

12,978


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/20/2017

Charles P. Cooley 
Director

7,079


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/20/2017

Christopher W. Patterson 
Director

7,079


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/20/2017

David J. Anderson 
Director

7,079


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/20/2017

David J. Anderson 
Director

7,079


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/20/2017

Larry O. Moore 
Director

7,079


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/20/2017

Suresh V. Garimella 
Director

7,079


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/20/2017

Ying Li Yan 
Director

7,079


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/20/2017

David G. Bills 
Director

7,079


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/02/2017

Thomas Andrew Burke 
President and CEO; Director

7,313


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


115,911


06/02/2017

Thomas Andrew Burke 
President and CEO; Director

6,396


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


101,376


06/02/2017

Thomas Andrew Burke 
President and CEO; Director

6,415


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


101,677


06/02/2017

Thomas Andrew Burke 
President and CEO; Director

4,569


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


72,418


06/02/2017

Thomas F. Marry 
Exec VP & COO

2,196


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


34,806


06/02/2017

Thomas F. Marry 
Exec VP & COO

2,612


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


41,400


06/02/2017

Thomas F. Marry 
Exec VP & COO

2,555


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


40,496


06/02/2017

Thomas F. Marry 
Exec VP & COO

1,866


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


29,576


06/02/2017

Michael B. Lucareli 
VP, Finance & CFO

1,748


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


27,705


06/02/2017

Michael B. Lucareli 
VP, Finance & CFO

1,801


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


28,545


06/02/2017

Michael B. Lucareli 
VP, Finance & CFO

1,766


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


27,991


06/02/2017

Michael B. Lucareli 
VP, Finance & CFO

1,286


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


20,383


06/02/2017

Scott L. Bowser 
VP, Global Operations

1,018


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


16,135


06/02/2017

Scott L. Bowser 
VP, Global Operations

1,030


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


16,325


06/02/2017

Scott L. Bowser 
VP, Global Operations

1,008


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


15,976


06/02/2017

Scott L. Bowser 
VP, Global Operations

736


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


11,665


06/02/2017

Margaret C. Kelsey 
VP, Gen Counsel & Secretary

1,041


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


16,499


06/02/2017

Margaret C. Kelsey 
VP, Gen Counsel & Secretary

1,080


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


17,118


06/02/2017

Margaret C. Kelsey 
VP, Gen Counsel & Secretary

1,054


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


16,705


06/02/2017

Margaret C. Kelsey 
VP, Gen Counsel & Secretary

771


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


12,220


06/02/2017

Scott D. Wollenberg 
VP, CTO

926


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


14,677


06/02/2017

Scott D. Wollenberg 
VP, CTO

945


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


14,978


06/02/2017

Scott D. Wollenberg 
VP, CTO

953


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


15,105


06/02/2017

Scott D. Wollenberg 
VP, CTO

675


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


10,698


06/02/2017

Holger Schwab 
VP, VTS

1,300


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


20,605


06/02/2017

Holger Schwab 
VP, VTS

1,375


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


21,793


06/02/2017

Holger Schwab 
VP, VTS

1,034


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


16,388


06/02/2017

Holger Schwab 
VP, VTS

982


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


15,564


06/02/2017

Matthew J. McBurney 
VP, Luvata HTS Integration

451


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


7,148


06/02/2017

Matthew J. McBurney 
VP, Luvata HTS Integration

460


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


7,291


06/02/2017

Matthew J. McBurney 
VP, Luvata HTS Integration

464


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


7,354


06/02/2017

Matthew J. McBurney 
VP, Luvata HTS Integration

329


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


5,214


06/02/2017

Scott Arlan Miller                            
VP, Building HVAC

307


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


4,865


06/02/2017

Scott Arlan Miller                            
VP, Building HVAC

309


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


4,897


06/02/2017

Scott Arlan Miller                            
VP, Building HVAC

298


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


4,723


06/02/2017

Scott Arlan Miller                            
VP, Building HVAC

220


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.85 per share.


3,487


06/02/2017

Thomas Andrew Burke 
President and CEO; Director

18,273


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/02/2017

Thomas F. Marry 
Exec VP & COO

7,462


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/02/2017

Michael B. Lucareli 
VP, Finance & CFO

5,145


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/02/2017

Scott L. Bowser 
VP, Global Operations

2,942


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/02/2017

Margaret C. Kelsey 
VP, Gen Counsel & Secretary

3,083


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/02/2017

Scott D. Wollenberg 
VP, CTO

2,699


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/02/2017

Holger Schwab 
VP, VTS

2,987


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/02/2017

Matthew J. McBurney 
VP, Luvata HTS Integration

1,348


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/02/2017

Scott Arlan Miller                            
VP, Building HVAC

904


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/01/2017

Thomas Andrew Burke 
President and CEO; Director

58,805


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/01/2017

Thomas F. Marry 
Exec VP & COO

23,333


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/01/2017

Michael B. Lucareli 
VP, Finance & CFO

16,415


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/01/2017

Scott L. Bowser 
VP, Global Operations

9,660


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/01/2017

Margaret C. Kelsey 
VP, Gen Counsel & Secretary

9,811


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/01/2017

Scott D. Wollenberg 
VP, CTO

8,679


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/01/2017

Holger Schwab 
VP, VTS

10,381


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/01/2017

Matthew J. McBurney 
VP, Luvata HTS Integration

4,498


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/01/2017

Dennis P. Appel 
VP Comm & Indust Solutions

9,711


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/01/2017

Scott Arlan Miller                            
VP, Building HVAC

5,089


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/01/2017

Scott D. Wollenberg 
VP, CTO

5,736


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $5.75 per share.


32,982


06/01/2017

Scott D. Wollenberg 
VP, CTO

5,736


 
Disposition at $15.95 per share.


91,489


05/31/2017

Thomas Andrew Burke 
President and CEO; Director

7,797


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.2 per share.


118,514


05/31/2017

Thomas F. Marry 
Exec VP & COO

3,155


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.2 per share.


47,956


05/31/2017

Michael B. Lucareli 
VP, Finance & CFO

2,163


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.2 per share.


32,877


05/31/2017

Scott L. Bowser 
VP, Global Operations

1,207


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.2 per share.


18,346


05/31/2017

Margaret C. Kelsey 
VP, Gen Counsel & Secretary

1,268


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.2 per share.


19,273


05/31/2017

Scott D. Wollenberg 
VP, CTO

1,153


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.2 per share.


17,525


05/31/2017

Holger Schwab 
VP, VTS

1,312


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.2 per share.


19,942


05/31/2017

Matthew J. McBurney 
VP, Luvata HTS Integration

625


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.2 per share.


9,500


05/31/2017

Scott Arlan Miller                            
VP, Building HVAC

398


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.2 per share.


6,049


01/26/2017

Thomas F. Marry 
Exec VP & COO

9,154


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $13.45 per share.


123,121


12/21/2016

Margaret C. Kelsey 
VP, Gen Counsel & Secretary

1,500


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


12/13/2016

Thomas F. Marry 
Exec VP & COO

4,000


 
Disposition at $15.7 per share.


62,800


12/13/2016

Thomas F. Marry 
Exec VP & COO

15,580


 
Disposition at $15.43 per share.


240,399


12/13/2016

Thomas F. Marry 
Exec VP & COO

15,580


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $5.01 per share.


78,055


12/09/2016

Scott L. Bowser 
VP, Global Operations

7,500


 
Disposition at $15.95 per share.


119,625


11/14/2016

Christopher W. Patterson 
Director

850


 
Disposition at $11.5 per share.


9,775


07/21/2016

Marsha Cole Williams 
Director

20,254


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/21/2016

Charles P. Cooley 
Director

10,127


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/21/2016

Christopher W. Patterson 
Director

10,127


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/21/2016

David J. Anderson 
Director

10,127


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/21/2016

Larry O. Moore 
Director

10,127


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/21/2016

Suresh V. Garimella 
Director

10,127


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/21/2016

Ying Li Yan 
Director

10,127


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/21/2016

David G. Bills 
Director

10,127


 
Award at $0 per share.


0








/news/latest/company/us/mod

      MarketWatch News on MOD
    




 Analysts see slowdown for materials companies
12:58 p.m. July 11, 2012
 - MarketWatch.com




 Modine Manufacturing lower on fiscal-2013 outlook
10:41 a.m. June 1, 2012
 - Mike Maynard




 Modine Manufacturing lower on fiscal-2013 outlook
8:22 a.m. June 1, 2012
 - Maggie McNeil




 Stocks to watch Friday: Sara Lee, Vishay
6:55 a.m. June 1, 2012
 - MarketWatch




 Friday’s biggest gaining & declining stocks
5:47 p.m. Feb. 3, 2012
 - Kate Gibson




 Stocks to watch Friday: Sunoco, Atmel
7:48 a.m. Feb. 3, 2012
 - MarketWatch




 Modine Manufacturing shares up 17%
9:42 a.m. Sept. 21, 2009
 - Nick Godt




 Modine Manufacturing to sell 9 million shares
6:38 a.m. Sept. 21, 2009
 - William L. Watts




 Modine Manufacturing to sell 9 million shares
6:32 a.m. Sept. 21, 2009
 - Steve Goldstein




 Modine sees fiscal 2009 earnings of $16 mln to $20 mln
8:59 a.m. May 27, 2008
 - John Ittner




 Modine sees fiscal 2009 sales of $1.9 bln to $2.0 bln
8:58 a.m. May 27, 2008
 - John Ittner




 Modine 4Q sales $478.5 mln vs $414.7 mln
8:56 a.m. May 27, 2008
 - John Ittner




 Modine 4Q loss $41.0 mln
8:55 a.m. May 27, 2008
 - John Ittner




 Modine cuts quarterly dividend to 10c/share vs 17.5c
8:54 a.m. May 27, 2008
 - Michelle Donley




 Modine 4Q loss $1.28 a share
8:54 a.m. May 27, 2008
 - John Ittner




 Monday's biggest gaining and declining stocks
5:27 p.m. Feb. 4, 2008
 - MarketWatch




 Modine 3Q loss $47.4 mln vs earnings of $16.3 mln
9:54 a.m. Feb. 4, 2008
 - John Ittner




 Modine 3Q sales $495.3 mln vs $458.1 mln
9:52 a.m. Feb. 4, 2008
 - John Ittner




 Modine loses $1.48 a share in 3Q vs earnings of 51 cents
9:48 a.m. Feb. 4, 2008
 - John Ittner




 Thursday's biggest gaining and declining stocks
5:07 p.m. Oct. 18, 2007
 - MarketWatch


Loading more headlines...







/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/mod

      Other News on MOD
    





U.S. automobile industry adjusts to lower volume

9:37 a.m. June 27, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Intel talks autonomous driving future

1:40 p.m. June 1, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-K: MODINE MANUFACTURING CO
6:04 a.m. May 26, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Modine Manufacturing soars after earnings beat

3:06 p.m. May 25, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Modine Manufacturing's (MOD) CEO Thomas Burke on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

1:37 p.m. May 25, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Bold talk on self-driving EV disruption

11:22 a.m. May 20, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Ford adjusts to new auto landscape

10:09 a.m. March 23, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Modine Looking To Break From Its Past

4:12 p.m. Feb. 23, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-Q: MODINE MANUFACTURING CO
4:27 p.m. Feb. 7, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Modine Manufacturing's (MOD) CEO Tom Burke on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

4:11 p.m. Feb. 7, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Modine Manufacturing Company 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call Slides

10:19 a.m. Feb. 7, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Auto parts stocks slammed after report of Fiat emissions cheating

11:52 a.m. Jan. 12, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





4 Stocks to Buy as Auto Sales Set Annual Record

11:32 a.m. Jan. 5, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





4 Auto Components Stocks to Buy Now

10:30 a.m. Dec. 15, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Auto parts stocks lower on China concerns

11:12 a.m. Dec. 14, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – INVN CALA FLO KIN

6:00 p.m. Dec. 9, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Suppliers run hot after automakers post U.S. sales growth

11:59 a.m. Dec. 1, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Modine completes acquisition of Luvata Heat Transfer Solutions

1:32 p.m. Nov. 30, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Japanese automakers eye reset with U.S. strategy

10:04 a.m. Nov. 8, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Modine Manufacturing's (MOD) CEO Tom Burke on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

12:04 p.m. Nov. 2, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

Modine Manufacturing Co.
1500 DeKoven Avenue


Racine, Wisconsin 53403-2552




Phone
1 2626361200


Industry
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


Sector
Automotive


Fiscal Year-end
03/2018


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$1.50B


Net Income
$14.00M


2017 Sales Growth 
11.1%


Employees

        11,200


Annual Report for MOD











/news/pressrelease/company/us/mod

      Press Releases on MOD
    




 Modine to Host First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Conference Call on August 2, 2017
4:10 p.m. July 24, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Modine Hosts A Breath Of Innovation
3:24 p.m. July 6, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Modine To Showcase Latest HVAC Solutions At Cultivate'17
7:01 a.m. June 30, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 New ISC® ICEGARD Presented At Autopromotec
3:30 p.m. June 26, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Announces an Investigation 
      Concerning Possible Breaches of Fiduciary Duty by Certain Officers and 
      Directors of Modine Manufacturing Company
10:35 a.m. June 21, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Purcell Julie & Lefkowitz LLP Is Investigating Modine Manufacturing Company for Potential Breaches Of Fiduciary Duty By Its Board of Directors
5:19 a.m. June 21, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Modine to Participate in the 2017 KeyBanc Capital Markets' Industrial, Automotive & Transportation Conference
9:00 a.m. June 1, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Modine Innovation Tour to Stop In Kimberly, Wis.
7:03 a.m. June 1, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Modine Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal 2017 Results
4:30 p.m. May 24, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Modine Innovation Tour Travels to Chicago
7:02 a.m. May 24, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Detroit Up Next for Modine Innovation Tour
7:31 a.m. May 19, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Modine Innovation Tour To Stop in Florence, Ky.
7:01 a.m. May 19, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Modine to Host Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call on May 25, 2017
3:40 p.m. May 11, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Global Automotive Radiators - Automotive
10:31 a.m. April 26, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Raleigh, North Carolina Next Stop for Modine Innovation Tour
7:08 a.m. April 13, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Modine Innovation Tour Travels to Charlotte, North Carolina
7:03 a.m. April 11, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Modine Introduces new Geothermal unit
7:12 a.m. March 31, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Modine Innovation Tour to Stop in Greenville, South Carolina
7:09 a.m. March 28, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Modine Innovation Tour Travels to San Antonio
7:02 a.m. March 14, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 New Orleans to Host Modine Innovation Tour
8:19 a.m. March 7, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




5:14 AM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:13aRussia’s Putin faces off against America’s Founding Fathers
5:09aHealth-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
5:06aEuropean stocks log gains as earnings roll in  
5:05aA money manager struggles with the social pressure for ‘more house’
5:05aFord hit by lawsuit over consumer complaints about faulty transmissions
5:04aWhy so many teens are clueless about money
5:03aThe great fall of China stocks is near
5:03aThis inspiring Indian school rescues ‘untouchable’ children from unimaginable poverty
5:03aWhy you may not get grandchildren: millennials cite climate change as a reason not to have kids
5:00aYou can get a free Big Mac onesie or French fry blanket when ordering McDonalds on UberEats today
4:56aHow to invest in things you believe in
4:50aThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
4:50aRyanair willing to pay to store its cash in banks
4:47aFTSE 100 gains ground as ITV bounces up
4:43aDon’t have a college degree? These are the industries with the best-paid jobs
4:42aFed to stick to plans for rate hike, balance-sheet selloff this year
4:42aAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
4:41aStocks are ignoring U.S. political uncertainty, but the dollar isn’t
4:39aThree ways Draghi could burn the euro bulls
4:36aPound edges down to $1.3007 after U.K.'s Q2 GDP report 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Modine Manufacturing - Product Development - Mechanical Engineering Co-op | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Modine Manufacturing ReviewsKeywordLocation CompaniesJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchView Allnum of numClose (Esc) Modine Manufacturing Is this your company?Overview Overview 77 Reviews 27 Jobs 117 Salaries 21 Inter­views 19 Benefits 7 PhotosFollowAdd a ReviewFollowAdd a Review There are newer employer reviews for Modine ManufacturingSee Most Recent There are newer employer reviews for Modine ManufacturingSee Most Recent Aug 21, 2015"Product Development - Mechanical Engineering Co-op"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Intern - PTC Product Development Mechanical Engineering Co-op in Racine, WICurrent Intern - PTC Product Development Mechanical Engineering Co-op in Racine, WIRecommendsPositive OutlookI have been working at Modine Manufacturing as an intern (More than a year)ProsAmazing company! The people and coworkers really make the company what it is. Global Market and yet I will have lunch with the CEO. Good work for a current student. Work varies from desk to cutting up parts. I learned a lot.ConsBiggest con: it is 1 hour away from Milwaukee. As a student at UWM, losing two hours a day to driving was rough.Advice to ManagementKeep up the great work!Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Modine Manufacturing Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Modine Manufacturing 2015-08-21 07:57 PDTOther Employee Reviews for Modine Manufacturing Sep 1, 2015"Doesn't keep commitments to employees"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementFormer Intern - Intern in Racine, WIFormer Intern - Intern in Racine, WIDoesn't RecommendNegative OutlookDisapproves of CEOI worked at Modine Manufacturing as an intern (More than a year)ProsWork/life balance is pretty reasonable.ConsValuable employees are not respected or appreciated by senior management. Compensation is well below industry average and commitments to employees are not kept. Not much room for advancement unless you are part of the good old boys club. The layout of the cubes is like a maze and the overall corporate atmosphere is extremely dysfunctional.Advice to ManagementDon't take advantage of your employees and treat them like people, not assets. When you offer someone a new opportunity, keep that commitment instead of backing out on them.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Modine Manufacturing Response Sep 3, 2015 – HR We regret that your internship experience with us was not positive. This is an unusual review for us, as the majority of the internship/co-op reviews for Modine on GlassDoor are very positive. Weare proud of our internship programs and the hands-on opportunities we provide. We make every effort to solicit feedback from our interns and co-ops in order to improve our program. We would appreciate the opportunity to learn more about your concerns regarding our commitment to you, and I encourage you to contact our Human Resource department for further discussion.... MoreLess Modine Manufacturing 2015-09-01 11:24 PDT Jul 22, 2015"Office culture not what I expected."StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementFormer Employee - Senior Designer in Racine, WIFormer Employee - Senior Designer in Racine, WIDoesn't RecommendNeutral OutlookI worked at Modine Manufacturing full-time (More than a year)ProsGreat pay. work was simple not challenging.ConsLittle to no help or encouragement to climb the ladder. Meetings with customers are held via phone teleconference at your desk. What this means is you can hear 2 to 4 people in neighboring cubicles talking in the same meeting. That can be distracting, please get a conference room. Cubicles are like a prison cell with 5 foot walls and the cubicle layout is like a mouse maze. You might like this for privacy but it does not help promote togetherness or teamwork.Advice to ManagementReplace the 5 foot cubicle walls with smaller ones. An open office environment where you see the people you work and interact with removes the isolation and privacy.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Modine Manufacturing Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Modine Manufacturing 2015-07-22 20:08 PDTReviews > Modine Manufacturing There are newer employer reviews for Modine ManufacturingSee Most Recent There are newer employer reviews for Modine ManufacturingSee Most RecentWork at Modine Manufacturing? Share Your ExperiencesModine ManufacturingStarVery DissatisfiedStarDissatisfiedStarNeutral ("OK")StarSatisfiedStarVery Satisfied  Click to RateStart your review...orAdd a SalaryAdd BenefitsAdd an InterviewAdd a SalaryAdd BenefitsAdd an InterviewCloseOutline of two peoples' headsWork in HR or Marketing?Grow your employer brandGet a free employer accountModine Manufacturing Photos Have you worked here?Share a PhotoSee All PhotosSee AllView Allnum of numClose (Esc) Job Seekers Also ViewedASCO Numatics ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 22 ReviewsCNH Industrial N.V. ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 576 Reviews no.logo.altiPRO Solutions ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 5 ReviewsSMC Corporation ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 100 ReviewsEmerson ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 1,986 ReviewsSC Johnson ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 395 ReviewsUline ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 341 ReviewsIngersoll Rand ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 816 ReviewsNIKE ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 3,008 ReviewsIpro Tech ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 43 ReviewsKohler ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 441 ReviewsAmazon ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 15,863 Reviews Related Job SearchIntern jobsIntern salaries ($33k)Assembly Line Worker jobsAssembly Line Worker salaries ($28k)Engineer jobsEngineer salaries ($76k)Mechanical Engineer jobsMechanical Engineer salaries ($70k)Product Specialist jobsProduct Specialist salaries ($52k)Car Salesman jobsCar Salesman salaries ($31k)Software Engineer jobsSoftware Engineer salaries ($84k)Financial Analyst jobsFinancial Analyst salaries ($63k)Software Developer jobsSoftware Developer salaries ($79k)Production Associate jobsProduction Associate salaries ($30k)Project Manager jobsProject Manager salaries ($90k)Manufacturing Engineer jobsManufacturing Engineer salaries ($71k) Your response will be removed from the review – this cannot be undone.Delete ResponseCancel
Companies & Reviews | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Search company reviews and ratingsKeywordLocation CompaniesJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchUpload Your ResumeHiring? Post a Job for FreeNEW!Who are the Highest Rated CEOs in 2017?  See the winnersHighest Rated CEOs 2017 See the winnersCompany reviews and ratings. Get the whole story.Search ratings and reviews of over 600,000 companies worldwide. Get the inside scoop and find out what it's really like from people who've actually worked there.Write a ReviewWhat's New at GlassdoorAre You Paid Fairly? See Your Market Worth in SecondsReceive a custom salary estimate based on your title, company, location, and experience.Get Your Estimate20 Companies Hiring Like Crazy in July With positions spanning industries from tech to construction and beyond, there’s something for everyone.Read ArticleGlassdoor's Employees' Choice Awards 2017Glassdoor's annual Employees' Choice Awards honor the Best Places to Work acress North America and parts of Europe.See the 2017 ListRecently TrendingBain & Company ReviewsFacebook ReviewsBoston Consulting Group ReviewsGoogle ReviewsIBM ReviewsMoreEY ReviewsOracle ReviewsUS Air Force ReviewsDeloitte ReviewsNordstrom ReviewsVerizon Wireless ReviewsUS Navy ReviewsKPMG ReviewsJ.P. Morgan ReviewsHewlett-Packard ReviewsPwC ReviewsCisco Systems ReviewsSprint ReviewsAccenture ReviewsBoeing ReviewsDell ReviewsComcast ReviewsBooz Allen Hamilton ReviewsT-Mobile ReviewsMore CompaniesLessPopular CompaniesWorking at TargetWorking at WalmartWorking at MicrosoftWorking at Wells FargoWorking at Bank of AmericaMoreWorking at SearsWorking at Best BuyWorking at AT&TWorking at Macy'sWorking at EnterpriseWorking at The Home DepotWorking at Amazon.comWorking at UPSWorking at Lockheed MartinWorking at Lowe'sWorking at StarbucksWorking at AppleWorking at US ArmyWorking at VerizonWorking at WalgreensWorking at CitiWorking at Kohl'sWorking at CVS HealthWorking at McDonald'sCompanies Near YouLessCompany CultureSmall vs Large CompaniesHow to Find a MentorTop 20 Employee Benefits & PerksWhen is Commuting for a Job Worth It?Plan to Follow When Starting a New JobMoreDo You Know Your Worth?How to Become A ManagerThings to Consider Before Walking Out On Your Job Best Cities For JobsHow to Ask for Flexible Work ScheduleAdvantages Inexperienced Job Seekers BringHow to Handle a Counter OfferNetworking Etiquette for your CareerHow To Negotiate A Job OfferHow to Double Your SalaryHow to Deal with A Bad BossWork-Life Balance at the Best Places to WorkHow to Boost MoraleThe Best and Worst Industries for BenefitsHighest Rated CEOsHow to To Improve Your Work PerformanceEmbed Mentorship Into Your Company CultureThe Pros and Cons of Transparent Corporate CulturesThings To Not Do When Starting a New JobMore Company CultureLessGetting HiredCover Letter Opening LinesHow to Write a ResumeHow to Answer Interview QuestionsHow to Get a JobHow to Negotiate your SalaryMoreHow to Prepare for an interviewHow to Write a Cover LetterResume TipsSkills to Put on your ResumeAnswers for What is your Greatest WeaknessTell Me About Yourself?How to Find your PassionHow to Write a Resume SummaryWhat to Wear to an InterviewSalary Requirements Dont'sPhone Interview Tips Best Interview Answers What to Bring to an InterviewGood Questions to Ask in an InterviewCommon Interview QuestionsHow to Write a Cover LetterQuestion to Ask an Employer at an InterviewHow to Pick the Best People for your Job ReferenceTough Questions and AnswersMore Getting Hired AdviceLess


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













modine manufacturing co, Shopping.net











































Top Category Matches



> Electrical Supplies




> Garden Tools




> Miscellaneous Appliances




> Plumbing Supplies




> Heaters




> Miscellaneous Automotive




> Home Hardware




> Miscellaneous Home & Gard...




> Law Books




> Motorcycle Apparel




> Fans




> Outdoor Power Equipment




> Water Garden & Irrigation...




> Automotive Repair Tools




> File Folders




> Boats, Kayaks & Boating E...




> Denim




> Bird Supplies




> Swimming Pools & Spas



see all categories













Price



Price must be rounded to nearest dollar
$

to $







Free Shipping







Color







Black

502






Green

175






Navy

104






Blue

85






Red

73






White

65



 more












Brand







Waddell Manufacturing Co

1455






Leviton

883






Smead

786






Seymour Mfg Co Inc

636






National Mfg Co

510






Dickies

452






Fellowes

441






Brush Research

363






PetMate

294






Bliss

221



 more












Material







Wood

1113






Fleece

1101






Cotton

732






Aluminum

675






Polyester

659






Plastic

628






Steel

504






Stainless Steel

468






Nylon

398






Twill

314



 more












Fabric







Microfiber

66



 more












Features







Zipper

183






Zippers

182






Female

105






Moon Phase

102






Pressure

96






Chronograph

88






Male

85






Sheer

79



 more












Dial Color







Black

237






White

104






Blue

75



 more












Case Material







Stainless Steel

139






Silver

92



 more












Heel Type







Platform

93



 more












Bed Size







Twin

134



 more












Wash







Dark Wash

100



 more















Shop by Department



Appliances




Automotive




Babies & Kids




Clothing & Accessories




Computers & Software




DVDs & Videos




Electronics




Gifts, Flowers & Food




Health & Beauty Supplies




Home & Garden




Jewelry




Musical Instruments & Accessories




Office Supplies




Other Products




Pet Supplies




Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear




Toys




Video Games




 See more































Fortis Manufacturing Red Dot Sight Accessories...

$75.95














Mantua Mfg. Co. Traditional Style Wood...
$170.68
$126.33














Mantua Mfg. Co. Mantua Baffin King Taupe...

$428.49














Mantua Mfg. Co. Baffin Upholstered Panel...

$185.99













Mantua Mfg. Co. Premium Platform Bed Base

$91.02













Fellowes Mfg. Co. FEL91905 Backrest- High...
$39.02
$28.80













Mantua Mfg. Co. Mantua Brossard King Taupe...
$425.49
$371.99













Mantua Mfg. Co. Mantua Annapolis Queen Brown...

$302.99













Mantua Mfg. Co. Mantua Baffin King Black...
$408.49
$375.99













Mantua Mfg. Co. Mantua Kenville King/ California...
$261.85
$206.75













Legacy Mfg. Co. L8250FZ ZillaReel 3/8 in. x 50...
$159.99
$99.00













Brush Research Mfg Co Inc Bsbnh1612 Bnh-16 .0188...

$24.74













Brand New Brush Research Mfg Co Inc Bsb210 B-210...

$21.74













Brand New Brush Research Mfg Co Inc BSACID2 Box...

$45.98













BRUSH RESEARCH MFG CO INC BS85S562RH SS TUBE...

$15.90













The Amazing Quality "Dallas Manufacturing...

$84.71













The Amazing Quality "Dallas Manufacturing...

$88.31













The Amazing Quality "Dallas Manufacturing...

$82.24













H.D. Hudson Mfg Co 60161 Eliminator Plus 1...

$22.72













American Defense Manufacturing Trijicon Mro Tru...

$87.49













American Defense Manufacturing Trijicon Mro...

$87.49













American Defense Manufacturing Trijicon Mro...

$87.49













BOWMAN MFG CO BG001-0111 Bag Dispenser...

$27.36













THE SPECIALTY MFG, CO. PVC CHK 426-8B8B-F Ball...

$15.99













JAY R. SMITH MFG. CO 3140NBG Sanitary Drains,...

$227.11












1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9


10


>






































Privacy


Terms of Service


Contact Us


Shopping.net is compensated by these merchants. Payment is one of several factors used to rank these results. Tax and shipping costs are estimates.
© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC

























Shopping.net


















 

















Popular Products







Ovation Slim Secret Full-seat Breeches Show Tan...
$109.95
$99.99













Puritan's Pride Maca 1000 mg Exotic Herb for...
$19.99
$9.99













Nature's Bounty - Fish Oil 1200 mg. - 200...
$17.29
$15.13













Women's Monica Mid-Heel Sandal

$34.99













Bryonia Alba 30X (Rheumatic Pain, Dry Cough)...

$7.35













Lawrence 60" Double Vanity -...

$1,699.00













Slo-Niacin - Polygel Controlled-Release Niacin...
$25.14
$15.16













Rev-A-Shelf 4WCTM-12DM1 4WCTM Series 35 Quart...
$104.69
$74.29













WIREMOLD 2886 Drop Ceiling Connector...

$4.80













Planetary herbals Turmeric Gold 500mg, 60 capsule
$36.48
$27.44













Moen DN6886 Brushed Nickel Accessory Moen DN6886...
$27.15
$18.10













28-inch Round Exquisite Ceiling Medallion (28...

$89.99













Deni Non-Stick Electric Skillet with Glass Lid...

$23.99













303 30207 Multi-Purpose Cleaner Trigger Sprayer,...
$23.48
$11.48













Accelerade Advance Sports Drink - 60...
$72.99
$54.99













EMD EMD 1.09533.0007 PH Strip, 5.0 to 10.0 pH,...

$147.51













Farberware 4-Slice Toaster, Stainless Steel

$34.92













Dixie - Itw Brands 25216 EZ Ancor Stud Solver...

$14.34













30 Amp 120/240-Volt 7,200-Watt Fused...

$21.41













Kyme Ricky 50MM Squared Rectangle Sunglasses -...

$300.00
































Privacy


Terms of Service


Contact Us


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC

























Shopping.net


















 

















Popular Products







Ovation Slim Secret Full-seat Breeches Show Tan...
$109.95
$99.99













Puritan's Pride Maca 1000 mg Exotic Herb for...
$19.99
$9.99













Nature's Bounty - Fish Oil 1200 mg. - 200...
$17.29
$15.13













Women's Monica Mid-Heel Sandal

$34.99













Bryonia Alba 30X (Rheumatic Pain, Dry Cough)...

$7.35













Lawrence 60" Double Vanity -...

$1,699.00













Slo-Niacin - Polygel Controlled-Release Niacin...
$25.14
$15.16













Rev-A-Shelf 4WCTM-12DM1 4WCTM Series 35 Quart...
$104.69
$74.29













WIREMOLD 2886 Drop Ceiling Connector...

$4.80













Planetary herbals Turmeric Gold 500mg, 60 capsule
$36.48
$27.44













Moen DN6886 Brushed Nickel Accessory Moen DN6886...
$27.15
$18.10













28-inch Round Exquisite Ceiling Medallion (28...

$89.99













Deni Non-Stick Electric Skillet with Glass Lid...

$23.99













303 30207 Multi-Purpose Cleaner Trigger Sprayer,...
$23.48
$11.48













Accelerade Advance Sports Drink - 60...
$72.99
$54.99













EMD EMD 1.09533.0007 PH Strip, 5.0 to 10.0 pH,...

$147.51













Farberware 4-Slice Toaster, Stainless Steel

$34.92













Dixie - Itw Brands 25216 EZ Ancor Stud Solver...

$14.34













30 Amp 120/240-Volt 7,200-Watt Fused...

$21.41













Kyme Ricky 50MM Squared Rectangle Sunglasses -...

$300.00
































Privacy


Terms of Service


Contact Us


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC

























Shopping.net


















 

















Popular Products







Ovation Slim Secret Full-seat Breeches Show Tan...
$109.95
$99.99













Puritan's Pride Maca 1000 mg Exotic Herb for...
$19.99
$9.99













Nature's Bounty - Fish Oil 1200 mg. - 200...
$17.29
$15.13













Women's Monica Mid-Heel Sandal

$34.99













Bryonia Alba 30X (Rheumatic Pain, Dry Cough)...

$7.35













Lawrence 60" Double Vanity -...

$1,699.00













Slo-Niacin - Polygel Controlled-Release Niacin...
$25.14
$15.16













Rev-A-Shelf 4WCTM-12DM1 4WCTM Series 35 Quart...
$104.69
$74.29













WIREMOLD 2886 Drop Ceiling Connector...

$4.80













Planetary herbals Turmeric Gold 500mg, 60 capsule
$36.48
$27.44













Moen DN6886 Brushed Nickel Accessory Moen DN6886...
$27.15
$18.10













28-inch Round Exquisite Ceiling Medallion (28...

$89.99













Deni Non-Stick Electric Skillet with Glass Lid...

$23.99













303 30207 Multi-Purpose Cleaner Trigger Sprayer,...
$23.48
$11.48













Accelerade Advance Sports Drink - 60...
$72.99
$54.99













EMD EMD 1.09533.0007 PH Strip, 5.0 to 10.0 pH,...

$147.51













Farberware 4-Slice Toaster, Stainless Steel

$34.92













Dixie - Itw Brands 25216 EZ Ancor Stud Solver...

$14.34













30 Amp 120/240-Volt 7,200-Watt Fused...

$21.41













Kyme Ricky 50MM Squared Rectangle Sunglasses -...

$300.00
































Privacy


Terms of Service


Contact Us


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC



























MNI® - Identify & contact U.S. manufacturers






























 Pricing / Order



About Us
Our Solutions
Sample Profile
Contact Us












 

America's most accurate database of manufacturers since 1912

								Reach nearly 400,000 U.S. manufacturers and their one million decision makers.

								Our 80-person editorial team scours hundreds of sources to pinpoint and profile 
								every manufacturing establishment in America, large and small.

								Each manufacturer is contacted multiple times annually to ensure their information 
								remains up-to-date and complete.

								Profiles are available through a variety of solutions, from print to online to mobile.




SAMPLE PROFILE









 

Discover new customers and drive your company's growth

								Tap into our live database of nearly 400,000 U.S. manufacturers and one 
								million executives from any PC, Mac, tablet, or smartphone.

								View company and contact profiles, build lists of prospects, print reports 
								and mailing labels, save and share profiles, or export to your favorite 
								CRM software.





FREE DEMO










 

Reach Manufacturing Executives by Email

								Get your message directly in front of the decision makers that matter with our powerful e-blast service.
                                More than a quarter million executives are available with email.

                                You provide the criteria for the types of executives 
                                you wish to reach, along with the content of the email you would like to send, and we 
                                handle the rest. Full reporting provided.




LEARN MORE









 

Information and resources, at your fingertips

								Our classic reference directories are still available in print for all fifty 
								states, published annually.

								These durable volumes feature six sections, each fully cross referenced 
								and printed in large type for legibility.

								The industry section is a buyers guide for purchasing parts & supplies. 
								The subsequent five sections are for prospecting.




VIEW PRICING









 

Find parts & supplies, and save time & money

								Search and source more than 10,000 products and services with our free industrial 
								marketplace from your web browser or smartphone.

								Locate qualified vendors, obtain competitive price quotes with our free 
								electronic RFQ / RFI / RFP feature, and order parts & supplies from 
								the lowest bidder.





SEARCH NOW

















Identify & contact U.S. manufacturers and their decision makers with solutions from MNI





 


 
 24x7 online access to leads
 View full company profiles
 Build unlimited prospect lists
 Export, print, or share profiles
 





FREE DEMO










 


 
 Reach executives by email
 Choose which execs to target
 Provide your email content
 Results tracked, full reporting
 





LEARN MORE









 


 
 Our classic directories in print
 Available for all fifty states
 Six sections, cross referenced
 Published annually
 





VIEW PRICING









 


 
 Free industrial marketplace
 Search by product or service
 Obtain competitive quotes
 Order parts and supplies
 





SEARCH NOW









 


 
 State-by-state statistics
 Data on industrial growth
 Industry news for each state
 Media and press releases
 





INDUSTRY NEWS











Member of


 

Sponsor of


 

Our registry purchase has already proven profitable. The book has paid for itself ten times over.
Impact Media Consulting
More Customer Reviews...














 About Us
 EZ Select
 View Pricing


 Our Solutions

 Exec Inbox
 Add or Update Profile


 Sample Profile
 Reference Directories
 License Agreement


 Customer Reviews
 IndustryNet
 Privacy Policy


 News & Statistics
 Order Online
 Contact Us












© 2017 MNI





















Ingenuity for Life - Topic Areas - USA






































Please use another Browser
It looks like you are using a browser that is not fully supported. Please note that there might be constraints on site display and usability.
For the best experience we suggest that you download the newest version of a supported browser:

Internet Explorer, 
								Chrome Browser, 
								Firefox Browser,  
								Safari Browser

Continue with the current browser









Please allow JavaScript
This page requires JavaScript in order to be fully functional and displayed correctly. Please enable JavaScript and reload the site.
How to enable JavaScript






















Contact



USA | Siemens USA









Search



















Change region

Siemens Global
Algeria
Angola
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Belarus
Belgium
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Guatemala
Honduras
Hong Kong & Macau
Hungary
India
Indonesia
Iran
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Korea
Kosovo
Kuwait
Latvia
Lesotho
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malawi
Malaysia
Mauritius
Mexico
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
Spain
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tanzania
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia






Go to Siemens Global Website


English
Deutsch












Products & Services
Market-specific Solutions
Company









USA | Siemens USA












Go to  



































Home


Products & Services


Automation


Building Technologies


Drive Technology


Energy


Healthcare


Mobility


Financing


Equipment and technology finance


Working capital finance


Project finance


Corporate lending




Services




Market-specific Solutions


Aerospace


Automotive 


Chemical Industry 


Cranes


Data Centers


Distributors


Fiber Industry 


Food & Beverage 


Glass


Machinery and Plant Construction


Marine


Mining


Oil & Gas


Pharmaceutical Industry


Power Utilities


Transportation and Logistics




Company


News & Events


Investor Relations


Innovation


The Magazine


Topic Areas


About Siemens


Jobs & Careers


Life at Siemens


Bridging the gap with Refugee Internships


The power of being different


How to take a professional leap into the unknown


Veterans at Siemens




What we do


Working with robots: the future of collaboration


Electric flight: turning the dream into a reality 


The unseen technology... 


Engineering


Manufacturing


Research & Development


IT


Sales & Marketing


Operations




Locations


Brazil


China


Germany


India


Middle East


UK


USA




Search careers


Questions


















































Change region

Siemens Global
Algeria
Angola
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Belarus
Belgium
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Guatemala
Honduras
Hong Kong & Macau
Hungary
India
Indonesia
Iran
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Korea
Kosovo
Kuwait
Latvia
Lesotho
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malawi
Malaysia
Mauritius
Mexico
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
Spain
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tanzania
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia






Go to Siemens Global Website


English
Deutsch

















Search






















 



















Products & Services

Market-specific Solutions

Company




Company





News & Events

Investor Relations

Innovation

The Magazine

Topic Areas

About Siemens

Jobs & Careers




Topic Areas


































See how Siemens helps keep the power on for millions of people across the U.S.






 Share this Story





Email




Facebook



Twitter



LinkedIn



Google
















Siemens Digital Grid technology manages and reroutes power, so even during a storm, power can be restored within seconds helping kids to sleep better.














Subscribe to the Siemens magazine




















Subscribe to the Siemens magazine

















You are here:

Overview































Ingenuity for life








 Share this Chapter





Email




Facebook



Twitter



LinkedIn



Google











					 Moving America forward with passion and purpose
				





Ingenuity for life is technology paired with purpose - a powerful mix of know-how, innovation, reliability, and responsibility. Our passion is to help society, companies and people work and live better through intelligent infrastructure, reliable transportation, sustainable energy and advanced manufacturing.

















Callaway Golf speeds club design, prototyping and testing with Siemens.









					
                    Ingenuity is transforming manufacturing across the U.S.
				








The Siemens Digital Enterprise Showcase at the Digital Manufacturing and Design Innovation Institute in Chicago is designed to help manufacturers explore a working digital enterprise so they can better understand its value to their companies. The showcase creates a hands-on environment to illustrate how digitalization can help answer important questions on digital manufacturing. Manufacturers can learn how to extend the digital twin strategy across the value chain and optimize human-systems integration. How to make organizational changes to realize the digitalization full potention across the value chain. And how to educate their workforce on digital manufacturing and design technologies.








More
Close














Future of manufacturing








 Share this Chapter





Email




Facebook



Twitter



LinkedIn



Google











					 Manufacturing's intelligent makeover
				





Software, sensors, data analytics and network technologies are the new "hammers" of American manufacturing The entire production lifecycle can be transformed with intelligent tools, and early adopters are forging their way to competitive advantage.
























					
                                        Ushering in the age of the digital enterprise              
				








The impetus for becoming a digital enterprise is not about who has the coolest technology - but who can best achieve advantage without disruption. The case for adopting innovation is often made as companies plateau in mastering perennial challenges such as efficiency and time to market. Discrete and process industries at all levels of maturity, and companies of all sizes are forging a path to digitalization using Siemens ingenuity:

 Integrating islands of data to gain systemic visibility and enhance production control.
 Enhancing design and engineering through software that enables virtual design and rapid prototyping.
 Performing remote diagnostics and running simulations to predict and plan for maintenance.

The future of manufacturing is digital. Are you ready?








More
Close
























					
                                        Addressing one of manufacturing's biggest challenges
				








Ingenuity for life is technology paired with purpose, and this rings true in the U.S. automotive industry. With consumers demanding more customization, automotive manufacturers, and their supply chains, are feeling intense pressure to be flexible and quick-to-market with innovation.











                                    Siemens commitment to workforce training
                                    
                                








More
Close




















					
                                        Digitalization - thinking inside of the box
				








By 2020, online sales in the U.S. are projected to reach $523 billion annually.  When a package arrives at your doorstep, there's a box, inside a box, inside a box.  To meet demand, companies like Cascades are investing in state-of-the-art technology such as Greenpac in Niagara Falls, NY.











                                    The brains of the mill 
                                    
                                








More
Close




















					
                                        Winning with smarter data
				








In today's interconnected world, it's not enough to capture information. You need to structure data for operational use, and make better decisions with the insights it provides.












                                    Siemens harnesses data to run better 
                                    
                                








More
Close















Oil & Gas                                                                                                                                                        








 Share this Chapter





Email




Facebook



Twitter



LinkedIn



Google











					 Rethinking operating costs from end to end
				





Today's challenging oil price environment is forcing major change and difficult decisions within the Oil & Gas industry. Existing operating models are being challenged and new approaches are required to overcome the technical and economic transformations at hand. Across the entire value chain Siemens is helping customers transform their business with solutions that blend operational technology with software and data.












					
                    Proven technology is the basis for sustainable performance
				








The future belongs to those who understand the potential to fuse engineering, software and data to improve operational efficiency in Oil & Gas operations. Importing digital technology and know-how from advanced manufacturing operations provides an opportunity for Siemens to help shorten the learning curve for Oil & Gas companies who are ready to gain a first-mover advantage. With an intense focus on operational safety and environmental responsiblity, Siemens can tap into a broad knowledge base that includes 160 years of experience in electrification, plus an advanced portfolio of rotating equipment and highly efficient gas turbines.
























					
                                                            Real time intelligence and operational transparency are foundations for refinery safety 
				








Operational excellence at the Bahrain Petroleum Company B.S.C. (Bapco) means improving the performance of refinery operations in a sustainable way. With safety as a top priority, Bapco achieves better visibility into business and operational data with Siemens XHQ software. Real-time, integrated data, paired with efficient operational governance, decrease the time to complete safety work orders and is helping them to achieve their goal of zero incidents at the refinery.
 
Read the Bapco Case Study







More
Close
























					
                    Advanced automation technology improves efficiency
				








CAD Control Systems designs custom offshore safety equipment using advanced automation technology from Siemens.











                                    Excellence in Control: O&G Exploration 
                                    
                                








More
Close




















					
                                        Ingenious operations solutions contribute to the bottom-line
				








Siemens XHQ software improves real time refinery management, empowering individual workers to perform effectively and make better decisions.











                                    Anticipation is the key to prevention 
                                    
                                








More
Close




















					
                    Advanced technologies for the Oil & Gas industry
				








A broad spectrum of products, services and solutions to support upstream, midstream and downstream applications.











                                    Explore our solutions portfolio 
                                    
                                








More
Close















Future energy landscape








 Share this Chapter





Email




Facebook



Twitter



LinkedIn



Google











					                                                                                 Making the most of a diverse energy mix
				





America needs affordable, reliable and clean electricity. Businesses demand inexpensive power sources to be competitive, and people rely on electricity to make the conveniences of modern life possible. From powering our smart phones to powering our factories, Siemens is helping to create a resilient, flexible and secure energy system in the United States.
 
Whether you're talking about intelligent energy delivery, distributed energy, microgrids, digital grids, highly efficient combined cycle power plants, a new generation of gas turbines, or more productive wind turbines, Siemens is helping to build a sustainable energy future today.


























					
                                                                                                                            Panda Power Funds in Temple, Texas
				








Keeping the lights on for 750,000 homes
    

Texas' first commercially-operating Flex-Plant
Fast start, and fast ramping up and down capabilities to keep the grid stable
Flex-Plant technology enables gas-fired plants to integrate renewables while ensuring reliability - and reducing greenhouse gas emissions
The gas turbines, steam turbine and generators were manufactured at the Siemens Charlotte Energy Hub in North Carolina
Financial support from Siemens helped fund plant construction and played an integral role in securing permanent financing

Learn more about Panda Power Funds project financing







More
Close






















					
                                        Small power, big impact
				








Native American reservation partners with Siemens to build a low-carbon microgrid providing energy flexibility











More
Close


















					
                                                            Preventing power outages
				








Wesleyan University stands tall with small power by Siemens for efficient and reliable power generation.












More
Close











					
                                                                                                    Explore our energy innovations across America in the interactive map below
				



























Northern California Power Agency
Glen Canyon Dam
California Independent System Operator
Microsoft Data Center
MidAmerican Energy
Holland Energy Park
Consolidated Edison
National Grid
Panda Power Funds
Florida Power & Light
AEP Welsh
Apex Clean Energy





















Customer:Northern California Power Agency
Location:California
Description:Lodi Energy Center is the first operating Siemens Flex-Plant combined cycle plant in the United States, helping to meet California's ambitious renewable energy and greenhouse gas reduction goals. The gas-fired plant can deliver energy to the grid within ten minutes when solar and wind sources become insufficient – enough to power eight cities and the local industry.



Learn more











Customer:Glen Canyon Dam
Location:Arizona
Description:Siemens environmentally-friendly transformers will replace 50-year old technology at Glen Canyon Dam that will enable Yellowstone Electric Co. to continue serving its almost 6 million customers with reliable, clean power.



Learn more











Customer:CAISO
Location:California
Description:The California Independent System Operator Corporation (ISO) launched the Siemens energy market management software to support the operation of the growing western Energy Imbalance Market (EIM). The real-time EIM allows utilities across a broad footprint to more efficiently exchange and share energy resources, including renewables like wind and solar, based on generation and demand needs.



Learn more











Customer:Microsoft Data Center
Location:Wyoming
Description:Microsoft has partnered with Siemens and FuelCell Energy to design, engineer and install equipment and software, including a Siemens power monitoring solution, for the nation’s first zero-carbon, waste-to-energy data center. The project uses biogas methane produced by common waste byproducts at a nearby wastewater facility to power the fuel cell system. The fuel cell system then converts the biogas into electricity to power the Microsoft data center.



Learn more











Customer:MidAmerican Energy
Location:Iowa
Description:MidAmerican Energy selected Siemens to supply 448 wind turbines with a total capacity of 1,050 MW for five projects in Iowa, delivering clean energy to nearly 320,000 households. Siemens employees at factories in Iowa and Kansas have worked to fill this major order. Over 5,000 Siemens wind turbines are installed in the U.S., capable of producing clean, renewable power for more than 2.5 million households every day.



Learn more











Customer:Holland Board of Public Works
Location:Michigan
Description:When citizens in Holland, Michigan, set out to build a modern power plant to meet the community’s power needs in a “socially, economically and environmentally responsible” way, they turned to Siemens as a technology partner. For the Holland Energy Park, Siemens is delivering its most modern turbines to utilize clean-burning, low cost, American natural gas to benefit Holland. A special feature of this plant is the use of surplus heat from the circulating water system for use in expanding a downtown snowmelt system.



Learn more











Customer:ConEd
Location:New York
Description:Con Edison became the first U.S. utility to install power network “storm hardening” technology. Siemens’ distribution feeder automation technology keeps power flowing in areas of lower Manhattan, including Wall Street, during flooding.



Learn more











Customer:National Grid
Location:Rhode Island
Description:Siemens introduced a new switchgear technology for National Grid to improve power reliability at a new electric substation and also helped reduce the substation’s physical footprint.



Learn more











Customer:Panda Power Funds
Location:Virginia
Description:Panda Power Funds selected Siemens as the technology partner for a modern combined cycle power plant (CCPP) that will harness cleaner-burning, low-cost natural gas to benefit citizens in the Nation’s Capital and northern Virginia. CCPPs partner a gas-powered turbine with a steam turbine to maximize the use of fuel that is consumed. Exhaust heat from the gas turbine is used to power the steam turbine, greatly improving overall power-plant efficiency. With natural gas serving as the backbone of America’s new energy model, this project represents the future of power generation in the United States.



Learn more











Customer:Florida Power & Light
Location:Florida
Description:Using the Siemens advanced gas turbine technology, Florida Power & Light modernized its Port Everglades Next Generation Clean Energy Center with the goal of cutting fossil fuel consumption by one-third. FPL estimates this energy center will deliver customer benefits of more than $400 million in fuel savings over the turbines' entire lifecycle of approximately 30 years.



Learn more











Customer:AEP Welsh
Location:Texas
Description:AEP tapped Siemens to upgrade its 20-year old Welsh high-voltage direct current back-to-back system in Texas, which will improve power delivery and reliability to enable the facility to operate at peak efficiency.



Learn more











Customer:Panda Power Funds
Location:Texas
Description:Siemens supplied Panda Power Funds with Texas’ first commercially-operating Flex-Plant, delivering power to about 750,000 homes. The gas-fired plant (one of three with Panda Power Funds in Texas) incorporates innovative design features to enable fast start, and fast ramping up and down across a large operating window from low plant turn-down to high plant output with Carbon Monoxide (CO) emissions less than 10 parts-per-million (ppm), and Nitrogen Oxide (NOx) emissions less than 2.0 ppm. The gas turbines, steam turbines and generators were manufactured at the Siemens North American manufacturing hub in Charlotte, North Carolina.



Learn more











Customer:Apex Clean Energy
Location:Oklahoma
Description:Apex Clean Energy chose Siemens to supply, support installation and provide long-term service for 130 wind turbines for the Kay Wind farm in Kay County, Oklahoma. The 299 MW project, which was acquired by Southern Company subsidiary Southern Power, can power about 100,000 average homes. Kay Wind is Southern Power’s first wind project.



Learn more






















































Northern California Power Agency


California







Glen Canyon Dam


Arizona







California Independent System Operator


California







Microsoft Data Center


Wyoming







MidAmerican Energy


Iowa







Holland Energy Park


Michigan







Consolidated Edison


New York







National Grid


Rhode Island







Panda Power Funds


Virginia







Florida Power & Light


Florida







AEP Welsh


Texas







Panda Power Funds


Texas







Apex Clean Energy


Oklahoma


























Transportation solutions                                                                                                                                                        








 Share this Chapter





Email




Facebook



Twitter



LinkedIn



Google











					  America's express pass to mobility
				





City light rail and metros together with inter-city passenger rail is giving a boost to regional economies, making it easier for people to move around, expand access to opportunity and improve quality of life. Rail and road solutions are also helping to reduce traffic congestion on roads and highways.












					
                    Siemens is working with cities and people to help move America forward
				








To modernize and revitalize cities, we make transportation more efficient, intelligent, and safe - while lowering environmental impact and creating a better traveler experience. We deliver cloud-based traffic management systems, locomotives, light rail and metros, rail signaling and electrification solutions. One in every 3 light rail cars operating in the U.S. was built by Siemens. Along with our rail electrification and rail signaling systems in the U.S., we bring advanced technologies that improve operator performance and passenger quality of life. For example:
 

 Communications-Based Train Control systems for New York’s Metropolitan Transit Authority
 Light rail vehicles for the Twin Cities that reduce gas emissions by more than 70% vs. cars
 Traffic management systems that shorten commute times by 20% along routes in San Antonio, Texas

 
We live and work in the communities where we create Ingenuity for life, with 2,000 employees across North America and full-scale transportation manufacturing facilities in five U.S. locations.





















					
                                        Modernization of New York City's busiest metro lines
				








Siemens Communications Based Train Control technology substantially improves traffic and transport capacity in metro transit systems











                                    Learn more about train control technology 
                                    
                                








More
Close




















					
                    Modern light rail connecting communities in the Twin Cities
				








Siemens light rail vehicles help Metro Transit bring Minneapolis and St. Paul closer together with reliable, efficient public transportation











                                    Read the Metro Transit case study 
                                    
                                








More
Close


















					
                                                            Siemens helps improve San Antonio bus fleet travel
				








City-wide transit project to manage bus fleet traffic is first software solution of its kind in the United States











More
Close










                The Case for Infrastructure Investment
            








Economic Impact in Salt Lake


































Cities make up only 2% our landscape, but produce 70% of the world’s CO2


Siemens technologies improve energy-efficiency, reduce C0₂ and get more people where theyneed to go, on time




Traffic congestion wastes 3 billion gallons of fuel & 4 billion hours.


Siemens S70s are made in California at a plant powered 80% by solar energy


The California rail plant recycles 82% of its non-food/ wet waste.




254 million motor vehicles in the US alone contribute to the CO2 problem.


The S70 light rail vehicle moves enough people to take 920 cars off the road.


S70s help the environment by saving 662K gallons of gas & eliminating 4,600 tons of CO2




































Close

For more information please send us a message.




First name *
First name is required.




Last name *
Last name is required.




E-mail *
E-mail is required. E-mail has to be of format 'text@text.text'.




Company/Organisation *
Company/Organisation is required.




Your Message *
Your Message is required.

* Required





SendCancel




Your request has been successfully processed.
Thank you for your contribution.




Your message could not be sent due to a technical error.
Please excuse the inconvenience. In case the problem persists, please try again at a later time.




















 





Email




Facebook



Twitter



LinkedIn



Google





































Siemens USA - Contact



















































Skip to Content




SIEMENS




                                                             
                                                    












Skip over Site Identifier



Siemens USA




Skip over Language Selection



Skip over Language Selection






Skip over Generic Navigation




Kontakt





Social Media








Skip over Search








search





Skip over Site Explorer



Site Explorer





Close Site Explorer Layer










You are here:

Home



News & Events


Investor Relations


Jobs & Careers


About Siemens


Core Topics


Terms of Use










Get in touch with Siemens


Siemens is here to answer your questions and provide more information about our products, solutions and services. Let us know how our Siemens representatives can assist you.












  Customer Service  

Questions about your existing Siemens products, solutions or services
 Contact Customer Service 














 General Inquiry 


General questions about Siemens
 Submit Inquiriy 













 Company Information  

Media inquiries, investor relations or for further information on Siemens
 Contact Media Relations 















 Sales 


Sales contacts or distributorsContact Sales 













 Feedback  

Comments and suggestions
 Provide Feedback 




















Find us on:














































 


Contact









Tel: 1-800-SIEMENS
Tel: 1-800-743-6367



Monday - Friday
8:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m. (EST)



 




 Jobs & Careers







 


Employee Support









Tel: 1-866-SIEMENS
Tel: 1-866-743-6367

Employee Support: Ask HR*






 






Decrease Text Size


Enlarge Text Size

Text Size
 

Print this page





© Siemens Corporation, 2002 – 2017 | Corporate Information
 | 
Privacy Policy
 | 
Terms of Use
 | 
Digital ID














Advanced manufacturing – Siemens USA

























Skip to content
SIEMENS


Siemens


Advanced manufacturing in the U.S.

Contact


Close





Customer Support

Send a message


Contact: Customer Support
28
Comment for Customer Support on Advanced manufacturing (US/EN)



















You are here:

Home



News & Events


Investor Relations


Jobs & Careers


About Siemens


Core Topics





Advanced manufacturing





Advanced Manufacturing
Rise of the Digital Factory
Advanced manufacturing has a new control plane. Software, data and connectivity have given rise to the digital factory, creating a sustainable competitive advantage for U.S. companies.
Advanced manufacturing operations are more adaptive, productive and capable of delivering rapid innovation through:

Industrial software that intelligently integrates data to help companies make smarter decisions and deliver better products
Intelligent automation via process sensors, controllers and robotics
Real-time information that continuously feeds a highly skilled workforce

Manufacturing’s Intelligent Makeover
American Manufacturing is in the midst of a makeover – new jobs and new factories are providing a much-needed boost for this vital economic sector. Partially fueled by changing factors such as low energy costs and high U.S. worker productivity, the hero of the resurgence is intelligent software. Its mission: to optimize the interplay of materials, people, machines and profitability - creating productivity from “big data” chaos.
Factories that embrace digitization are better equipped to harmonize processes and create competitive advantage so that:

Virtual design and rapid prototyping collapse innovation cycle time
Scenario planning and testing improve resource flexibility
Production control and optimization boost factory productivity.

A strong manufacturing sector is linked to a strong economy by creating economic value in new sectors – and the innovation made possible by software leadership puts the U.S. in an enviable position.




Software revs the innovation engine

							Read more




America’s Real Manufacturing Advantage*
							A new wave of software innovation is about to transform industry — and give the United States the chance for a lasting edge.Read the article 










Big Data and the Demise of Defects

									50 million pieces of process information are generated each day to help this factory set new benchmarks for quality.
									






Industrial automation

									Discover more
									






Industrial productivity

									Increase productivity
									











Video
The helping hand

									Daniel is a normal boy, he likes dinosaurs and tractors. But something makes him very special: using PLM software, student engineers designed a helping hand just for him.
									












Subscribe to our email series about the future of manufacturing in the U.S.

									Subscribe now
									











Minding the Skills Gap
High-tech factories require a dependable supply of a well-trained, technically adept labor force.  By one estimate, America will need over 120 million workers with advanced manufacturing skills by 2020 – and may be on pace to prepare less than half of what’s required with adequate qualifications.
Advanced manufacturing operations therefore, will require a future workforce with data analysis, problem-solving and critical thinking skills.  In addition, low enrollment in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) fields of study represent a barrier to benefit fully from this tide of economic opportunity.
Siemens is taking an active role in solving the training gap in a number of ways, by creating public, academic and corporate partnerships to capitalize on America’s leadership in software engineering while there is still time.
Readying the Workforce: Siemens Takes Action
Eric Spiegel, the CEO of Siemens USA, advocates for better workforce preparedness and training models in the U.S. through the Business Roundtable Education and Workforce Committee and the steering committee of the Advanced Manufacturing Partnership 2.0.
Siemens supports innovative design and engineering programs such as PACE, EcoCAR2 and Greenpower which focus on building sustainable and energy efficient products. Siemens GO PLM (Global Opportunities in PLM) program makes in-kind grants of engineering and product lifecycle management (PLM) software:

Helps over 12,000 academic institutions and 1.2 million students per year learn critical hands-on skills
Supports advanced manufacturing functions such as product design, simulation, analysis, manufacturing and product data management
Leverages broadly deployed Siemens technology and automation solutions found in nearly every manufacturing environment around the world
Students trained on these systems are able to bring these skills to nearly any manufacturing facility.

Siemens recently made a $440 million PLM software grant to Youngstown State University which will help students at the America Makes manufacturing innovation hub in Youngstown, Ohio.  This center is devoted to incorporating 3-D printing in mainstream American manufacturing – and will provide students with hands-on use of PLM software in fields such as robotics design, computer-aided engineering and additive manufacturing.
In Germany, apprenticeships provide an alternative track to gain technical skills for students who aren’t seeking advanced University degrees.  This apprenticeship model is being trialed in the U.S. by Siemens in partnership with Central Piedmont Community College. 18 students learn advanced mechatronics in the class room and work part time at the Siemens Gas Turbine plan in Charlotte, in North Carolina. Upon completion of the apprenticeship, students go on to earn $55K per year and graduate debt-free.
Manufacturing Matters
Investing in American manufacturing is an investment in growth. Manufacturing boasts a leading economic multiplier effect of $1.35 of value-added, commands 20% wage premiums and is a source of innovation.  Nearly 70% of private company R&D investment and 70% of issued patents originate in manufacturing in the U.S.
The factory of tomorrow will excel at connecting the dots between machines, work flows, people and materials while interconnecting the work of design, planning, production and distribution. Skilled workers who can bridge virtual planning to real production will be in high demand – and accelerate innovation through concepts such as lot size one and commercializing additive manufacturing.
Siemens has answers to grow advanced manufacturing in the U.S. through intelligent automation, PLM software and by giving the workforce a competitive edge with technical skills.









Learn more about our innovative products and solutions












Integrated Drive Systems
Integrated Drive Systems can enhance efficient production, reduce the total cost of ownership, and benefit from the simplicity of a single point of contact, at every stage of the drive train’s life cycle.





Totally Integrated Automation (TIA)
TIA offers a wealth of advantages over the entire production life cycle and maximizes productivity.  Our first-class, integrated industrial automation technology forms the basis of TIA.





Verticals
Siemens’ knowledge of vertical markets and solutions for the entire production process (production planning and production engineering) helps companies to better respond to new market demands and developments.





Industry Services
Our experienced service teams understand what makes a business run, safely and efficiently. So, our customers can rely on us for industry and infrastructure services at the highest levels.
















Close

Contact: 
back


First name:


Last name:


E-mail:


Your question:





All fields are mandatory.






Your request has successfully been submitted. Our expert will get in contact with you shortly.



Contact








Close





Close
Where do you want to go?

Siemens Global Website
| English
| Deutsch



USA
| English



Close



Close







Share:


Google+















Home - Siemens - USA






































Please use another Browser
It looks like you are using a browser that is not fully supported. Please note that there might be constraints on site display and usability.
For the best experience we suggest that you download the newest version of a supported browser:

Internet Explorer, 
								Chrome Browser, 
								Firefox Browser,  
								Safari Browser

Continue with the current browser









Please allow JavaScript
This page requires JavaScript in order to be fully functional and displayed correctly. Please enable JavaScript and reload the site.
How to enable JavaScript






















Contact



USA | Siemens USA









Search



















Change region

Siemens Global
Algeria
Angola
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Belarus
Belgium
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Guatemala
Honduras
Hong Kong & Macau
Hungary
India
Indonesia
Iran
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Korea
Kosovo
Kuwait
Latvia
Lesotho
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malawi
Malaysia
Mauritius
Mexico
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
Spain
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tanzania
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia






Go to Siemens Global Website


English
Deutsch












Products & Services
Market-specific Solutions
Company









USA | Siemens USA












Go to  



































Home


Products & Services


Automation


Building Technologies


Drive Technology


Energy


Healthcare


Mobility


Financing


Equipment and technology finance


Working capital finance


Project finance


Corporate lending




Services




Market-specific Solutions


Aerospace


Automotive 


Chemical Industry 


Cranes


Data Centers


Distributors


Fiber Industry 


Food & Beverage 


Glass


Machinery and Plant Construction


Marine


Mining


Oil & Gas


Pharmaceutical Industry


Power Utilities


Transportation and Logistics




Company


News & Events


Investor Relations


Innovation


The Magazine


Topic Areas


About Siemens


Jobs & Careers


Life at Siemens


Bridging the gap with Refugee Internships


The power of being different


How to take a professional leap into the unknown


Veterans at Siemens




What we do


Working with robots: the future of collaboration


Electric flight: turning the dream into a reality 


The unseen technology... 


Engineering


Manufacturing


Research & Development


IT


Sales & Marketing


Operations




Locations


Brazil


China


Germany


India


Middle East


UK


USA




Search careers


Questions


















































Change region

Siemens Global
Algeria
Angola
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Belarus
Belgium
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Guatemala
Honduras
Hong Kong & Macau
Hungary
India
Indonesia
Iran
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Korea
Kosovo
Kuwait
Latvia
Lesotho
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malawi
Malaysia
Mauritius
Mexico
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
Spain
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tanzania
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia






Go to Siemens Global Website


English
Deutsch

















Search






















 


























					 Infrastructure powers our lives and fuels growth
				







Intelligent infrastructure paves the way for smarter, more integrated systems that contribute to economic success, efficiency savings, and improves our environmental footprint.


















Products & Services


Market-specific Solutions


Jobs & Careers


News & Events


Topic Areas














                                    Automation 
                                    
                                






                                    Building Technologies 
                                    
                                






                                    Drive Technology 
                                    
                                






                                    Energy 
                                    
                                






                                    Healthcare 
                                    
                                














                                    Mobility 
                                    
                                






                                    Financing 
                                    
                                






                                    Services 
                                    
                                













Product Index





Product Index
		                            





















                                    Aerospace 
                                    
                                






                                    Automotive 
                                    
                                






                                    Chemicals 
                                    
                                






                                    Cranes 
                                    
                                






                                    Data Centers 
                                    
                                






                                    Fiber Industry 
                                    
                                














                                    Food & Beverage 
                                    
                                






                                    Glass 
                                    
                                






                                    Machinery and Plant Construction 
                                    
                                






                                    Marine 
                                    
                                






                                    Mining 
                                    
                                






                                    Oil & Gas 
                                    
                                






                                    Pharmaceutical Industry 
                                    
                                














                                    Power Utilities 
                                    
                                






                                    Transportation and Logistics 
                                    
                                



















Products & Services













                                    Automation 
                                    
                                






                                    Building Technologies 
                                    
                                






                                    Drive Technology 
                                    
                                






                                    Energy 
                                    
                                






                                    Healthcare 
                                    
                                














                                    Mobility 
                                    
                                






                                    Financing 
                                    
                                






                                    Services 
                                    
                                













Product Index





Product Index
		                            


















Market-specific Solutions













                                    Aerospace 
                                    
                                






                                    Automotive 
                                    
                                






                                    Chemicals 
                                    
                                






                                    Cranes 
                                    
                                






                                    Data Centers 
                                    
                                






                                    Fiber Industry 
                                    
                                














                                    Food & Beverage 
                                    
                                






                                    Glass 
                                    
                                






                                    Machinery and Plant Construction 
                                    
                                






                                    Marine 
                                    
                                






                                    Mining 
                                    
                                






                                    Oil & Gas 
                                    
                                






                                    Pharmaceutical Industry 
                                    
                                














                                    Power Utilities 
                                    
                                






                                    Transportation and Logistics 
                                    
                                















Jobs & Careers











News & Events











Topic Areas



















					 Offshore Wind Energy
				

























Welcome to Offshore Wind Energy 2017
Join us in London for Offshore Wind Energy 2017 to learn how our innovative technologies and solutions enable wind power to be connected to the grid efficiently and reliable.

























German debut for Siemens
EnBW Albatros is the first German offshore wind power plant that Siemens will supply as a full-scope project. It's also the German debut for Siemens' Offshore Transformer Module (OTM).
































					                                                                                 Technology with a purpose
				








All across America, Siemens digital grid software helps illuminate city communities, and cast a dependable glow over a child's sweet dreams. That's Ingenuity for life.






























					 This Week at Siemens
				

























Siemens strengthens US business
During a meeting at the White House with President Donald Trump, Joe Kaeser bolstered Siemens’ strong commitment to strengthening American manufacturing.

























Siemens Innovation Day USA
Creating value and driving innovation for the US and the world. Learn how Siemens latest innovations are helping industries from manufacturing to transportation embrace the power of data and lead in a digital and connected world.

























Reinventing Invention 
Innovation processes are changing.Those who wish to identify and serve the markets of the future must engage in a completely different kind of development and collaboration that is open, diverse, and flexible.

























Siemens technology for National Grid
Siemens’ grid automation software and hardware technology will help to deploy digital design standards for National Grid’s bulk transmission substations.

























LNG solution for Dresser-Rand
Dresser-Rand, a part of Siemens Power & Gas, has commissioned its first micro-scale national gas liquefaction system near Mansfield, Pennsylvania.

























Customers voted: Engineers Choice Winner
Customers voted us winners of the Engineer's Choice Award by CFE Media and Control Engineering Magazine for these two products: Siemens TP700 Comfort Outdoor Panel and Siemens SITRANS FC430.

























Customers voted: Product of the Year
Customers voted us winners for Product of the Year by Plant Engineering for these products: Siemens High-speed Induction Motor, SIMATIC PCS 7 v8.2 with Logic Matrix, and SINAMICS DCP 120-kW.





























Modine Manufacturing - Wikipedia





















 






Modine Manufacturing

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Modine Manufacturing is a thermal management company established in 1916 in the United States.[1][2] The company started as Modine Manufacturing Company by Arthur B Modine who patented the Spirex radiator for tractors. The company built the "world's first" vehicular wind tunnel in Racine, Wisconsin in 1941. The company expanded with a European operation, Modine Schnappling Europe, in 1990 and in 1993 acquired Längerer & Reich, a German heat transfer company founded in 1913.[3]
References[edit]



^ Modine Manufacturing Radiates Success The Milwaukee Journal January 10, 1988
^ [1]
^ History Modine Company website







This United States manufacturing company–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Modine_Manufacturing&oldid=768621454"					
Categories: United States manufacturing company stubsAmerican companies established in 1916Manufacturing companies established in 1916Hidden categories: All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 4 March 2017, at 21:51.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Modine Manufacturing - Wikipedia





















 






Modine Manufacturing

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Modine Manufacturing is a thermal management company established in 1916 in the United States.[1][2] The company started as Modine Manufacturing Company by Arthur B Modine who patented the Spirex radiator for tractors. The company built the "world's first" vehicular wind tunnel in Racine, Wisconsin in 1941. The company expanded with a European operation, Modine Schnappling Europe, in 1990 and in 1993 acquired Längerer & Reich, a German heat transfer company founded in 1913.[3]
References[edit]



^ Modine Manufacturing Radiates Success The Milwaukee Journal January 10, 1988
^ [1]
^ History Modine Company website







This United States manufacturing company–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Modine_Manufacturing&oldid=768621454"					
Categories: United States manufacturing company stubsAmerican companies established in 1916Manufacturing companies established in 1916Hidden categories: All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 4 March 2017, at 21:51.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.































Home


























































































								A Rich Legacy - our foundation and inspirationOUR HISTORY >














								OUR PEOPLE - THE REASON FOR OUR SUCCESSCAREERS @ MODINE >














								A Culture of Innovation - it permeates everything we doMODINE PRODUCTS >













                Modine Manufacturing Company has been leading the way in thermal management since 1916. We design, manufacture and test heat transfer products for a wide variety of applications and markets. We're at work in practically every corner of the world, delivering the solutions our customers need, where they need them.


Modine news:


Modine to Host First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Conference Call on August 2, 2017


Modine Hosts A Breath Of Innovation


Modine To Showcase Latest HVAC Solutions At Cultivate'17


New ISC® ICEGARD Presented At Autopromotec


Modine to Participate in the 2017 KeyBanc Capital Markets' Industrial, Automotive & Transportation Conference


Modine to Host Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2016 Earnings Conference Call on May 26, 2016


Modine Selected By Oshkosh Defense To Support Major Military Program


Modine Manufacturing Company Recognized As A Women On Boards Winning Company


Modine Foundation Announces Grant Recipients


Michelle Piening Receives Women In Manufacturing STEP Ahead Award



NEWSROOM >














About Modine
We embrace our history.  We continuously pursue excellence in everything we do.
Read More>













100th Anniversary
Always Innovating, Always Improving
READ MORE>













Our Values
We do business the right way - without compromise.
Read More>



















Modine Manufacturing - Wikipedia





















 






Modine Manufacturing

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Modine Manufacturing is a thermal management company established in 1916 in the United States.[1][2] The company started as Modine Manufacturing Company by Arthur B Modine who patented the Spirex radiator for tractors. The company built the "world's first" vehicular wind tunnel in Racine, Wisconsin in 1941. The company expanded with a European operation, Modine Schnappling Europe, in 1990 and in 1993 acquired Längerer & Reich, a German heat transfer company founded in 1913.[3]
References[edit]



^ Modine Manufacturing Radiates Success The Milwaukee Journal January 10, 1988
^ [1]
^ History Modine Company website







This United States manufacturing company–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Modine_Manufacturing&oldid=768621454"					
Categories: United States manufacturing company stubsAmerican companies established in 1916Manufacturing companies established in 1916Hidden categories: All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 4 March 2017, at 21:51.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















Modine Manufacturing (@ModineMfg) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      Modine Manufacturing



@ModineMfg












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
492
            



Following
Following
785



Followers
Followers
429



Likes
Likes
43

 
 
More 







Likes






Unmute @ModineMfg

Mute @ModineMfg



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















Modine Manufacturing



@ModineMfg


The official place to connect with Modine’s latest news, celebrate our 100-year history of innovation and share in our employee stories.



Racine, WI




 
    modine.com
  




Joined March 2011












                
                204 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @ModineMfg
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @ModineMfg
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            Modine Manufacturing followed
        

























Modine Manufacturing‏ @ModineMfg

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Modine is hiring at Product Cost Analyst for its Racine, WI, location.
https://www.milwaukeejobs.com/j/26192180 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Modine Manufacturing‏ @ModineMfg

Jul 13






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Modine is hiring a Vice President, Information Technology for its Racine, WI, location.  https://www.milwaukeejobs.com/j/26335137 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Modine Manufacturing‏ @ModineMfg

Jul 11






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Modine is hiring a Application Engineer - Vehicular for its Racine, WI, location.  https://www.milwaukeejobs.com/j/26281765 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Modine Manufacturing‏ @ModineMfg

Jul 7






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Modine is hiring a Product Cost Analyst for its Racine, WI, location.  https://www.milwaukeejobs.com/j/26192180 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Modine Manufacturing‏ @ModineMfg

Jul 7






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Modine’s CIS business hosted A Breath of Innovation, a seminar dedicated to commercial coolers.https://youtu.be/QD7d1NG1DhM 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Modine Manufacturing‏ @ModineMfg

Jul 6






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Modine is hiring an Accounts Payable Coordinator for its Racine, WI, location.  https://www.milwaukeejobs.com/j/26112822 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Modine Manufacturing‏ @ModineMfg

Jul 5






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Modine introduced ISC® ICEGARD machines designed for the maintenance of vehicle air conditioning systems.
http://investor.shareholder.com/mod/releasedetail.cfm?ReleaseID=1031357 …pic.twitter.com/MLruDWjL7W
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Modine Manufacturing‏ @ModineMfg

Jul 5






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Modine is hiring an Application Engineer - Vehicular for its Racine, WI, location.https://www.milwaukeejobs.com/j/t-Application-Engineer-Vehicular-e-Modine-Manufacturing-Company-l-Racine,-WI-jobs-j26112926.html?pbid=68291 …









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Modine Manufacturing‏ @ModineMfg

Jun 28






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Modine is hiring a Senior Internal Auditor for its Racine, WI, location. https://www.milwaukeejobs.com/j/26050437 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Modine Manufacturing‏ @ModineMfg

Jun 27






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Modine is hiring a Shipping & Receiving Crater for its Racine, WI, location.  https://www.milwaukeejobs.com/j/26023159 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Modine Manufacturing‏ @ModineMfg

Jun 23






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







A great testimonial from our team in Leeds for International Women in Engineering Day. #INWED17https://youtu.be/LV4W_Zp1hT8 









0 replies




1 retweet




4 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


4





Liked


4










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Modine Manufacturing‏ @ModineMfg

Jun 23






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







6/23/17 marks 101 years in business. Thanks for joining us as we continue to transform the thermal management industry as the new Modine.pic.twitter.com/m347wwRKVd
















0 replies




1 retweet




2 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Modine Manufacturing‏ @ModineMfg

Jun 22






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Due to a recent fire, Modine was called for quick assistance to provide a new condenser, the team installed a solution within 48 hours.pic.twitter.com/3KDUUWvjUf























0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Modine Manufacturing‏ @ModineMfg

Jun 22






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Modine is hiring a Credit Coordinator for its Racine, WI, location.  https://www.milwaukeejobs.com/j/25908456 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Modine Manufacturing‏ @ModineMfg

Jun 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Modine is hiring a Financial Analyst for its Racine, WI, location. https://www.milwaukeejobs.com/j/25908047 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Modine Manufacturing‏ @ModineMfg

Jun 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







As construction began on a new Modine facility in Mezőkövesd, Hungary, some interesting discoveries were made underground.pic.twitter.com/OSYOHBH8eT
















0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Modine Manufacturing‏ @ModineMfg

Jun 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







http://www.Proforma.com/Modine  @ModineHVACpic.twitter.com/s8BzXJxq65
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Modine Manufacturing‏ @ModineMfg

Jun 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Modine is hiring a Manager, Organizational Development & Diversity Initiatives for its Racine, WI, location.  https://www.milwaukeejobs.com/j/25880616 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Modine Manufacturing‏ @ModineMfg

Jun 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Modine's aluminum welded tube radiators and cooling modules have been proven to remove generated heat from various sources on the vehicle.pic.twitter.com/PhjOZmH0Bt
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Modine Manufacturing‏ @ModineMfg

Jun 7






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







With warm weather finally upon us, it is time to get started on our summer reading list. What book tops your list?https://www.forbes.com/sites/berlinschoolofcreativeleadership/2017/05/10/recommended-creative-leadership-reading-list-for-summer-2017/#2f8aaac64a28 …









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @ModineMfg hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user

























Modine Manufacturing - Wikipedia





















 






Modine Manufacturing

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Modine Manufacturing is a thermal management company established in 1916 in the United States.[1][2] The company started as Modine Manufacturing Company by Arthur B Modine who patented the Spirex radiator for tractors. The company built the "world's first" vehicular wind tunnel in Racine, Wisconsin in 1941. The company expanded with a European operation, Modine Schnappling Europe, in 1990 and in 1993 acquired Längerer & Reich, a German heat transfer company founded in 1913.[3]
References[edit]



^ Modine Manufacturing Radiates Success The Milwaukee Journal January 10, 1988
^ [1]
^ History Modine Company website







This United States manufacturing company–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Modine_Manufacturing&oldid=768621454"					
Categories: United States manufacturing company stubsAmerican companies established in 1916Manufacturing companies established in 1916Hidden categories: All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 4 March 2017, at 21:51.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
