

































Login...

Moelis Asset ManagementGracie Asset Management








Moelis Asset Mgmt

OverviewContact

Collegium Global

Overview

Freeport Financial

OverviewTeamLending FocusValue PropositionContact

Gracie Asset Mgmt

OverviewLeadership TeamContact

Moelis Capital Partners

OverviewCurrent and Former Investments

Steele Creek

OverviewLeadership










MOELIS ASSET MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW

        
            Moelis Asset Management LP (“MAM”) is the parent company for alternative asset management firms with leading capabilities in private equity, direct lending, credit funds and structured products. The Firm has been built on the premise of backing high caliber investment firms with products it believes can provide attractive risk adjusted returns for investors. The businesses of MAM include Chamonix Partners Capital Management LLC, a structured products investment manager, Freeport Financial Partners LLC, a direct lending platform, Gracie Asset Management, a multistrategy credit manager, Moelis Capital Partners, LLC, a private equity firm focused on middle market companies, and Steele Creek Investment Management, a manager of collateralized loan obligations and other broadly syndicated loan products. MAM was also the founding investor of College Avenue Loans LLC, a private student loan originator. MAM advisers currently have aggregate assets under management of over $3 billion.  MAM is an affiliate of Moelis & Company (“Moelis”), a leading global independent investment bank.
        

            Moelis Asset Management (formerly known as Moelis & Company Holdings LP) was formerly the parent of Moelis & Company LLC, a registered broker dealer. In connection with the initial public offering of the advisory business of the Moelis group, Moelis Asset Management retained ownership of its subsidiary entities at the time.  Moelis & Company LLC became an indirect subsidiary of Moelis & Company (NYSE: MC). Moelis Asset Management and Moelis & Company are separate legal entities. Kenneth Moelis remains the ultimate controlling shareholder of both Moelis Asset Management and Moelis and Company. Moelis Asset Management is not registered with the SEC or any regulatory authority.
        





		        © Copyright
		        
		        Moelis Asset Management LP. All rights reserved. | 
Legal | 
		        Moelis & Company





 







Moelis Capital Partners LLC :: Law360
































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help













Moelis Capital Partners LLC


 News & Case Alert  on Moelis Capital Part...



Financial » Asset Management » Moelis Capital Partners LLC






Menu options for Moelis Capital Partners LLC 


Everything »
News & Analysis »
New Cases »
New PTAB Cases »
Case Activity »
Outside Counsel »


                Data on cases, clients, outside counsel and individual attorneys collected from active federal civil cases. Reflects only recently published court data; not intended to be exhaustive. Not responsible for errors in court dockets.
            






×
Please assign a name to this alert






Save Alert
Cancel










News (10)


June  2, 2017
PE-Backed Park Hotels Prices $392M Secondary Offering
...-May, allowing a private equity fund affiliated with Moelis Capital Partners to significantly trim its stake in...


May 23, 2017
Goldman Sachs To Unload 4M Hyatt Shares In Secondary Sale
... Moelis Capital Partners to significantly trim its stake in the company. Kinsale sold 4 million shares...


May 16, 2017
Blackstone Unloads Nearly Entire Stake In Performance Foods
... $130.7 million secondary offering, allowing a private equity fund affiliated with Moelis Capital Partners...


Cases (0)

No results

PTAB Cases (0)

No results


To view all the results and drill down deeper, take a free trial now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login
















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In



























 


 



Veritable, LP and Moelis Asset Management LP Announce Joint Venture Focused on Providing Initial Capital and Operational Support to New Private Market Investment Firms | Business Wire


























































Veritable, LP and Moelis Asset Management LP Announce Joint Venture 
      Focused on Providing Initial Capital and Operational Support to New 
      Private Market Investment Firms




Archean Capital Partners’ Initial Fund Established with $100 Million 
      of Commitments






January 17, 2017 08:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



PHILADELPHIA & NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Veritable, LP. (“Veritable”) and Moelis Asset Management LP (“Moelis 
      AM”) today announced they have entered into a joint venture agreement 
      establishing Archean Capital Partners, a private market investment 
      platform that will provide new portfolio managers with the initial 
      capital, advice and infrastructure necessary to launch their own funds.
    

      Veritable is a leading wealth management firm with over $13 billion of 
      assets under management. Moelis AM is the parent company for alternative 
      asset management firms with an aggregate of over $3 billion in assets 
      under management.
    

      Through Archean Capital Partners (“Archean”), Veritable and Moelis AM
will seek capital commitments for a series of single manager, 
      special purpose vehicles (“SPV” or collectively, “SPVs”) that will 
      invest in selected newly launched private funds. Archean will partner 
      with managers across a broad range of strategies including buyout, 
      turnaround/restructuring, growth, credit opportunities, infrastructure 
      and real estate. As part of Archean's seed investment of capital in 
      these newly launched funds, Archean will seek to provide its investors 
      returns generated on both invested capital and revenue sharing from the 
      new investment manager’s business.
    

      Veritable and Moelis AM have already established the initial Archean 
      SPV, a single manager SPV with $100 million of capital committed by 
      Veritable’s clients and individuals at Veritable, Moelis AM and Moelis & 
      Company. The Archean SPV is in the process of investing with its first 
      candidate in the private funds industry. Moelis & Company’s Private 
      Funds Advisory Group has been retained by this manager to advise on 
      further capital raising.
    

      Michael Stolper, Founder and CEO of Veritable, said, “Veritable made its 
      first alternative strategy investment in the late 1980s. Since then we 
      have invested several billion dollars of client capital around the world 
      with a wide variety of unaffiliated private fund and hedge fund 
      managers. In many instances, Veritable has provided fund managers with a 
      significant portion of their initial investment capital having often 
      cultivated relationships with them for years. We have developed a strong 
      reputation among fund managers for providing long-term investment 
      capital and the opportunity for managers to build their own track 
      records. We are very pleased to be partnering with Moelis AM on this 
      innovative partnership that, through Archean, will provide newly formed 
      private markets managers with the critical mass and operating support to 
      create institutional quality organizations.”
    

      Christopher Ryan, Managing Director of Moelis AM, said, “The Archean 
      platform is intended to allow individual managers the certainty of a 
      large and stable source of initial capital for a rapid first close and 
      the fundraising capabilities to secure additional capital commitments 
      for their first funds. In partnership with Veritable, we believe there 
      will be tremendous opportunities to grow this unique investment platform 
      for the benefit of new managers and investors alike.”
    

About Veritable


      Veritable, a leading wealth management firm, manages over $13 billion 
      across nearly 200 ultra-high-net-worth families. A pioneer in 
      open-architecture wealth advisory services, Veritable provides 
      comprehensive, objective and tax-sensitive investment consultation 
      through an approach customized for each client's specific needs. Founded 
      in 1986 by Chief Executive Officer Michael Stolper, the firm is 
      headquartered in Newtown Square, PA with offices in San Francisco, CA, 
      and has 84 employees, including 36 investment advisory and 12 research 
      professionals. For further information, please visit: www.veritablelp.com.
    

About Moelis Asset Management


      Moelis Asset Management LP (“Moelis AM”) is the parent company for 
      alternative asset management firms with leading capabilities in private 
      equity, direct lending, credit funds and structured products. The Firm 
      has been built on the premise of backing high caliber investment firms 
      with products it believes can provide attractive risk adjusted returns 
      for investors. The businesses of Moelis AM include Chamonix Partners 
      Capital Management LLC, a structured products investment manager, 
      Freeport Financial Partners LLC, a direct lending platform, Gracie Asset 
      Management, a multistrategy credit manager, Moelis Capital Partners, 
      LLC, a private equity firm focused on middle market companies, and 
      Steele Creek Investment Management, a manager of collateralized loan 
      obligations and other broadly syndicated loan products. Moelis AM was 
      also a founding investor of College Avenue Loans LLC, a private student 
      loan company. Moelis AM advisers currently have aggregate assets under 
      management of over $3 billion. Moelis AM is an affiliate of Moelis & 
      Company (NYSE:MC) (“Moelis”), a leading global independent investment 
      bank. For further information, please visit: www.moelisassetmanagement.com.
    




Contacts

Veritable, LP.Dan Gagnier, 
      646-569-5897dg@gagnierfc.comorMoelis 
      Asset Management LPAndrea Hurst, 212-883-3666andrea.hurst@moelis.com











Release Summary
Veritable, LP and Moelis Asset Management LP Announce Joint Venture Focused on Providing Initial Capital and Operational Support to New Private Market Investment Firms






Contacts

Veritable, LP.Dan Gagnier, 
      646-569-5897dg@gagnierfc.comorMoelis 
      Asset Management LPAndrea Hurst, 212-883-3666andrea.hurst@moelis.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














Moelis Capital Partners LLC                                                                                              - Greeley                                           , CO         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CO



Greeley



Surveying Services



Surveying Services



                            Moelis Capital Partners LLC
                                    



 





















M 


Moelis Capital Partners LLC                                                                                             
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2970 W 29TH ST GREELEY, CO 80631
Get Directions



(970) 506-1544
www.moelisassetmanagement.com                                                                           





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 3
 Industries Surveying Services
 Contacts  







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Additional information is available at www.moelisassetmanagement.com                                                                            or by contacting                                                                                                                          at (970) 506-1544. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

























 




Moelis Investor Portal
















Portfolio | NexPhase Capital


















Skip to main content








Toggle navigation












 




Healthcare


Industrial Services


Software


Consumer


 


Portfolio




 






  
 Meduit is a provider of patient-focused revenue cycle management solutions for hospitals and healthcare providers. Meduit is headquartered in Charlotte, NC.
March 2017  

  
 InsideRE is a leading Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) provider of cloud-based marketing software for residential real estate agents and brokers to source, convert, and manage their customers. InsideRE is headquartered in Salt Lake City, UT.
October 2016  

  
 Zing Zang, LLC is a nationally-distributed, independent marketer of non-alcoholic cocktail mixes under the Zing Zang™ brand, with particular focus on bloody mary mixes. Zing Zang is headquartered in Chicago, IL.
June 2016  

  
 American Global Logistics, headquartered in Atlanta, GA, is a non-asset based provider of customized end-to-end ocean, trucking, and air freight forwarding services. In addition to freight forwarding, AGL also offers ancillary services such as customs brokerage and PO management that enable it to provide a more comprehensive end-to-end solution for its customers.
June 2016  

  
 Flexible Architecture and Simplified Technology (FAST) is a provider of core software solutions including policy administration, new business, underwriting, distribution management and claims processing to the insurance industry. FAST is headquartered in Edison, NJ.
September 2015  

  
 Insurance Technologies is a leading provider of software and technology-enabled sales automation platforms to insurance and financial services companies. The company offers two software products: ForeSight®, an industry-leading point-of-sale illustration product, and FireLight®, a sophisticated SaaS order entry fulfillment platform. Insurance Technologies is headquartered in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
December 2014  

  
 ALOFT is a leading provider of a diverse array of aircraft services, components and integrated systems to leading original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), airline operators, ultra-high net worth individuals, governments and corporations worldwide. ALOFT’s offering includes hangar services, component manufacturing under the Hollingsead International brand, auxiliary fuel systems, engineering and third party certification services via its STC and PMA ODA designations. ALOFT is headquartered in Georgetown, Delaware.
June 2014  

  
 OmniSYS is a leading provider of medical claims management and compliance IT services for pharmacies, durable medical equipment providers, managed care organizations, and commercial retiree plans. OmniSYS is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.
November 2013  

  
 Comprehensive Pharmacy Services (CPS) is a leading outsourced pharmacy services provider to hospitals and integrated health systems. It offers a suite of services, information technology and data informatics, including pharmacy management, technology-based tools and data analytics. CPS is headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee.
November 2012  

  
 CyberCore is a leading provider of information technology services to a variety of federal government agencies with a particular focus on intelligence and security. CyberCore is headquartered in Elkridge, MD.
July 2011  

  
 Hawthorne is a leading aviation services company and a leader in general aviation services and airport management. Hawthorne is headquartered in Charleston, South Carolina.
December 2010  

  
 Women's Integrated Network a leading specialty benefit management company and provides comprehensive fertility management to healthcare insurers and other payors for fertility services. WIN Fertility is headquartered in Rye Brook, New York.
November 2010  

  
 Joerns RecoverCare is a leading manufacturer and rental provider of bed systems, therapeutic support surfaces, safe patient handling equipment, and wound care products to healthcare facilities nationwide. Joerns RecoverCare is headquartered in Charlotte, NC.
July 2009  




Exited Portfolio Companies



  
 Kinsale is an excess and surplus insurance company that specializes in providing insurance for hard-to-place risks to small-to-medium sized businesses. The management team has experience in executing an underwriting-driven strategy intended to generate profits throughout insurance pricing cycles through strict underwriting discipline, low operating expenses and Kinsale’s systems and data capabilities. Kinsale is headquartered in Richmond, Virginia.  

  
 SwipeClock is a leading national Software as a Service (SaaS) provider of time, attendance and workforce management software for small to mid-sized companies. It provides a complete product offering of proprietary software, hardware and services. SwipeClock is headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah.  

  
 Mxi Technologies is a leading software developer and solution provider that services commercial airlines, Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs), Maintenance Repair and Overhaul (MRO) organizations and defense operators. Its main software platform, Maintenix®, manages all facets of the maintenance function as well as related business support and analytic activities. Mxi Technologies is based in Ottawa, Canada.  

  
 Created a leading oral care and personal care company with #1 Kids brand, Firefly®, and leading value brand, Dr. Fresh®.  

  
 The North American REACH manual toothbrush business was acquired by Dr. Fresh and transformed into a leading value brand and extended into adjacent categories.  

  
 Flightstar is a leading provider of maintenance, repair and modification services to operators of transport category aircraft, including air carriers, cargo companies and aircraft lessors. Flightstar is headquartered on Cecil Field in Jacksonville, Florida.  

  
 Wyle is a leading government services contractor with mission-critical science and engineering capabilities. Wyle provides specialized engineering, scientific and technical services to the Department of Defense, NASA and a variety of commercial customers. Wyle is headquartered in El Segundo, California.  

  
 Quest manufactures high performance coatings for the automotive aftermarket, touch-up applications, and commercial re-roofing sectors. Moelis Capital Partners made its investment in March 2011 and fully exited through a sale to The Valspar Corporation in June 2015 and GAF Materials Corporation in August 2015.  

  
 Uintah Engineering & Land Surveying (UELS) is a leading provider of land surveying, drafting and civil engineering services for the oil & gas industry. Moelis Capital Partners made its investment in July 2011 and fully exited through a transaction in which Norwest Equity Partners acquired the business in August 2014.  

  
 MidCap is a commercial finance company focused on providing debt solutions to middle-market healthcare companies. MidCap is headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland, with offices in Chicago and Los Angeles. Moelis Capital Partners made its investment in October 2008 and MidCap was acquired by Apollo Global Management in November 2013.  

  
 Ryerson is a leading distributor and processor of metals in North America. Headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, Ryerson operates service centers in cities across the United States and Canada and serves an expanding international customer base through a Chinese Joint Venture. MCP sold its stake in Ryerson in December 2013.  

  
 NAPA Management Services Corporation (NMSC) is a leading provider of anesthesia and practice management services that partners with physician group, hospital and health system clients to enhance their anesthesia programs and operating room productivity from both a clinical and financial perspective. NMSC is headquartered in Melville, NY. Moelis Capital Partners made its initial investment in April of 2011 and NMSC was sold to American Securities LLC and affiliates of Leonard Green & Partners in April of 2016.  


Entire portfolio company investments of Moelis Capital Partners and NexPhase Capital as of September 2016. Portfolio company dates represent acquisition dates unless otherwise indicated. 


















Moelis & Co. Buys Freeport Financial Partners - PE Hub
























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Moelis & Co. Buys Freeport Financial Partners


October 3, 2012
By Luisa Beltran
 Follow @LuisaRBeltran


Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Moelis & Co. Buys Freeport Financial Partners
Moelis & Co. has acquired Freeport Financial Partners. Terms of the deal were not announced. Chicago-based Freeport targets the middle market and provides origination, underwriting and management of loans, as well as equity co-investments. Freeport's four principals, which include Matthew Gerdes, Josh Howie, Stephen Papalas, and Joseph Walker, will each join Moelis as MD's.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Moelis & Co. has acquired Freeport Financial Partners. Terms of the deal were not announced. Chicago-based Freeport targets the middle market and provides origination, underwriting and management of loans, as well as equity co-investments. Freeport’s four principals, which include Matthew Gerdes, Josh Howie, Stephen Papalas, and Joseph Walker, will each join Moelis as MD’s.
PRESS RELEASE
Moelis & Company, the global independent investment bank, today announced the acquisition of Freeport Financial Partners LLC, an investment manager that provides financing solutions to middle market companies. The acquisition expands Moelis & Company’s asset management platform and enables Freeport to benefit from the added resources and global reach of a larger organization.
Freeport Financial, which will continue to be based in Chicago and operate under the same name, has an established platform originating, underwriting and managing middle market loans. Since 2005, the Freeport team has invested $1.47 billion in 79 platform investments. The principals of the company, Matthew Gerdes, Josh Howie, Stephen Papalas, and Joseph Walker, will join Moelis to manage funds that will provide capital solutions across all sectors to middle market companies owned by private equity sponsors.
Ken Moelis, Chief Executive Officer of Moelis & Company, said, “We believe that middle market companies are a growing but underserved segment. Today’s markets offer limited capital solutions to this segment and therefore we expect that middle market lending will offer investors superior risk adjusted returns. Freeport will enable us to provide another unique investment opportunity to institutional clients and serve the financing needs of private equity investors, and the management teams they support. Building in this space has always been part of our growth strategy as it will enhance our commitment to be a leading global investment bank that is focused on long-term, trusted relationships.” 





Chris Ryan, Managing Director of Moelis & Company, said, “With the acquisition of Freeport Financial, we have acquired a highly reputable team that has a successful track record in middle market lending. Freeport’s commitment to clients makes for a great fit with us. We welcome the Freeport team to Moelis & Company and look forward to growing our business in this area.”
Josh Howie, Managing Director of Freeport, said, “Freeport is very pleased to join forces with Moelis & Company to provide greater opportunities to our clients. We believe the extensive Moelis network, in particular the Firm’s relationships with financial sponsors, will be very valuable to our investors.”
Other Moelis & Company asset management businesses include Moelis Capital Partners, a middle market private equity firm, Gracie Asset Management, a multi-strategy credit manager, and Moelis Australia Asset Management, which offers investors a specialist direct asset management capability in alternative asset classes.
Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
About Moelis & Company
Moelis & Company, recently named Most Innovative Boutique of the Year by The Banker for 2011 and in 2010 and Best Global Independent Investment Bank by Euromoney in 2010, is a global investment bank that provides financial advisory, capital raising and asset management services to a broad client base including corporations, institutions and governments. With more than 580 employees, Moelis & Company serves its clients through offices in New York, Beijing, Boston, Chicago, Dubai, Frankfurt, Hong Kong, Houston, London, Los Angeles, Mumbai and Sydney. For more information, please visit www.moelis.com. 





MATT GERDES
Managing Director
Mr. Gerdes is responsible for structuring, syndicating and managing middle market debt investments for the Freeport loan funds. Prior to joining Freeport in 2006, Mr. Gerdes was a Director of Dymas Capital Management Company where he originated, underwrote and managed investments in private equity sponsored transactions. Prior to his role at Dymas, Mr. Gerdes was a Vice President on GE Capital’s Merchant Banking Syndications Team where he structured and placed senior and subordinated financings.
JOSH HOWIE
Managing Director
Mr. Howie is responsible for sourcing, structuring and managing middle market debt investments for the Freeport loan funds. Prior to co-founding Freeport in 2005, Mr. Howie spent seven years with GE Capital Services, including two years in GE’s Financial Management Program. While at GE, Mr. Howie worked in numerous roles including mergers & acquisitions, acquisition integration, finance and GE’s Six Sigma Quality organization. His most recent role was in the Global Sponsor Finance unit where he was a Senior Vice President responsible for originating, structuring and underwriting leveraged transactions.
STEVE PAPALAS
Managing Director
Mr. Papalas is responsible for underwriting and managing middle market debt investments for the Freeport loan funds. Prior to co-founding Freeport in 2005, Mr. Papalas spent five years with GE Commercial Finance where he worked in the Global Sponsor Finance Group. In various roles at GE, Mr. Papalas was responsible for originating, underwriting and managing investments in leveraged transactions. He also worked as a certified Black Belt where he was responsible for redesigning multiple risk processes for Commercial Finance’s cash flow loan portfolio. Prior to joining GE, Mr. Papalas was an engineering consultant focusing on operations and design. 





JOE WALKER
Managing Director
Mr. Walker is responsible for underwriting and managing middle market debt investments for the Freeport loan funds. Prior to co-founding Freeport in 2005, Mr. Walker spent five years with GE Commercial Finance where he worked in the Global Sponsor Finance Group. In his role at GE, Mr. Walker was responsible for originating, underwriting and managing senior and junior debt facilities and equity co-investments in leveraged transactions. Prior to joining GE, he practiced corporate litigation at Baker & McKenzie in Chicago.

Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Moelis & Co. Buys Freeport Financial Partners
Moelis & Co. has acquired Freeport Financial Partners. Terms of the deal were not announced. Chicago-based Freeport targets the middle market and provides origination, underwriting and management of loans, as well as equity co-investments. Freeport's four principals, which include Matthew Gerdes, Josh Howie, Stephen Papalas, and Joseph Walker, will each join Moelis as MD's.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














Take your pick!

Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.
VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. 
 









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

MidOcean to sell Water Pik for $1 bln
by Luisa Beltran

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

Carlyle to invest in ZeroChaos
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Awake Security nabs over $30 mln from Greylock and Bain Capital Ventures
by Iris Dorbian

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

 































































Login...

Moelis Asset ManagementGracie Asset Management








Moelis Asset Mgmt

OverviewContact

Collegium Global

Overview

Freeport Financial

OverviewTeamLending FocusValue PropositionContact

Gracie Asset Mgmt

OverviewLeadership TeamContact

Moelis Capital Partners

OverviewCurrent and Former Investments

Steele Creek

OverviewLeadership









MOELIS CAPITAL PARTNERS PORTFOLIO



                AMERICAN GLOBAL LOGISTICS
            


                    American Global Logistics, headquartered in Atlanta, GA, is a non-asset based provider of customized end-to-end ocean, trucking, and air freight forwarding services. In addition to freight forwarding, AGL also offers ancillary services such as customs brokerage and PO management that enable it to provide a more comprehensive end-to-end solution for its customers.  June 2016









                FLEXIBLE ARCHITECTURE AND SIMPLIFIED TECHNOLOGY, LLC
            


                    Flexible Architecture and Simplified Technology (FAST) is a provider of core software solutions including policy administration, new business, underwriting, distribution management and claims processing to the insurance industry. FAST is headquartered in Edison, NJ.  September 2015








                INSURANCE TECHNOLOGIES
            


                    Insurance Technologies is a leading provider of software and technology-enabled sales automation platforms to insurance and financial services companies. The company offers two software products: ForeSight®, an industry-leading point-of-sale illustration product, and FireLight®, a sophisticated SaaS order entry fulfillment platform. Insurance Technologies is headquartered in Colorado Springs, Colorado.  December 2014








               ALOFT AEROARCHITECTS
            

                    
                    ALOFT is a leading provider of a diverse array of aircraft services, components and integrated systems to leading original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), airline operators, ultra-high net worth individuals, governments and corporations worldwide. ALOFT’s offering includes hangar services, component manufacturing under the Hollingsead International brand, auxiliary fuel systems, engineering and third party certification services via its STC and PMA ODA designations. ALOFT is headquartered in Georgetown, Delaware.  June 2014








               OMNISYS, LLC
            

                    
                    OmniSYS is a leading provider of medical claims management and compliance IT services for pharmacies, durable medical equipment providers, managed care organizations, and commercial retiree plans. OmniSYS is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.  November 2013








                COMPREHENSIVE PHARMACY SERVICES
            


                    Comprehensive Pharmacy Services (CPS) is a leading outsourced pharmacy services provider to hospitals and integrated health systems. It offers a suite of services, information technology and data informatics, including pharmacy management, technology-based tools and data analytics. CPS is headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee.  November 2012









                CYBERCORE TECHNOLOGIES
            


                    CyberCore is a leading provider of information technology services to a variety of federal government agencies with a particular focus on intelligence and security. CyberCore is headquartered in Elkridge, MD.  July 2011









                HAWTHORNE GLOBAL AVIATION SERVICES
            


                    Hawthorne is a leading aviation services company and leader in general aviation services and airport management. Hawthorne is headquartered in Charleston, South Carolina.  December 2010








               WOMEN'S INTEGRATED NETWORK, INC
            

                    
                    Women's Integrated Network is a leading specialty benefit management company and provides comprehensive fertility management to healthcare insurers and other payors for fertility services. WIN Fertility is headquartered in Rye Brook, New York.  November 2010








                JOERNS RECOVERCARE
            

                    
                    Joerns RecoverCare is a leading manufacturer and rental provider of bed systems, therapeutic support surfaces, safe patient handling equipment, and wound care products to healthcare facilities nationwide. Joerns RecoverCare is headquartered in Charlotte, NC.  July 2009






EXITED PORTFOLIO COMPANIES


                FLIGHTSTAR AIRCRAFT SERVICES, LLC
            


                    Flightstar is a leading provider of maintenance, repair and modification services to operators of transport category aircraft, including air carriers, cargo companies and aircraft lessors. Flightstar is headquartered on Cecil Field in Jacksonville, Florida.
                







               WYLE, INC
            

                    
                    Wyle is a leading government services contractor with mission-critical science and engineering capabilities. Wyle provides specialized engineering, scientific and technical services to the Department of Defense, NASA and a variety of commercial customers. Wyle is headquartered in El Segundo, California.
                







                QUEST SPECIALTY CHEMICALS
            

                    
                    Quest manufactures high performance coatings for the automotive aftermarket, touch-up applications, and commercial re-roofing sectors. Moelis Capital Partners made its investment in March 2011 and fully exited through a sale to The Valspar Corporation in June 2015 and GAF Materials Corporation in August 2015.
                







               UINTAH ENGINEERING & LAND SURVEYING
            

                    
                    Uintah Engineering & Land Surveying (UELS) is a leading provider of land surveying, drafting and civil engineering services for the oil & gas industry. Moelis Capital Partners made its investment in July 2011 and fully exited through a transaction in which Norwest Equity Partners acquired the business in August 2014.
                







               MIDCAP FINANCIAL, LLC
            

                    
                    MidCap is a commercial finance company focused on providing debt solutions to middle-market healthcare companies. MidCap is headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland, with offices in Chicago and Los Angeles. Moelis Capital Partners made its investment in October 2008 and MidCap was acquired by Apollo Global Management in November 2013.
                







                RYERSON, INC
            

                    
                    Ryerson is a leading distributor and processor of metals in North America. Headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, Ryerson operates service centers in cities across the United States and Canada and serves an expanding international customer base through a Chinese Joint Venture. MCP sold its stake in Ryerson in December 2013.
                







               NAPA MANAGEMENT SERVICES CORPORATION
            

                    
                    NAPA Management Services Corporation (NMSC) is a leading provider of anesthesia and practice management services that partners with physician group, hospital and health system clients to enhance their anesthesia programs and operating room productivity from both a clinical and financial perspective. NMSC is headquartered in Melville, NY.
                







                DR. FRESH LLC
            


                    Dr. Fresh LLC is a leading designer and marketer of branded, licensed and private label oral care and personal care products, including REACH®, Dr. Fresh®, Firefly®, Orazyme® and Binaca®, which are sold primarily through food, drug, mass merchant and value retailers. Dr. Fresh is headquartered in Buena Park, California.  May 2012








               MXI TECHNOLOGIES LTD.
            

                    
                    Mxi Technologies is a leading software developer and solution provider that services commercial airlines, Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs), Maintenance Repair and Overhaul (MRO) organizations and defense operators. Its main software platform, Maintenix®, manages all facets of the maintenance function as well as related business support and analytic activities. Mxi Technologies is based in Ottawa, Canada.  May 2012








               SWIPECLOCK
            

                    
                    SwipeClock is a leading national Software as a Service (SaaS) provider of time, attendance and workforce management software for small to mid-sized companies. It provides a complete product offering of proprietary software, hardware and services. SwipeClock is headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah.  June 2014








                KINSALE CAPITAL GROUP, LTD.
            

                    
                    Kinsale is an excess and surplus insurance company that specializes in providing insurance for hard-to-place risks to small-to-medium sized businesses. The management team has significant experience in executing an underwriting-driven strategy to generate profits throughout insurance pricing cycles through strict underwriting discipline, low operating expenses and superior systems and data capabilities. Kinsale is headquartered in Richmond, Virginia.  July 2009









        Entire portfolio company investments of Moelis Capital Partners as of July 2017. Portfolio company dates represent acquisition dates unless otherwise indicated.
    




		        © Copyright
		        
		        Moelis Asset Management LP. All rights reserved. | 
Legal | 
		        Moelis & Company





