








Kinsale Capital Group, Inc. Announces Underwriters' Exercise Of Option To Purchase Additional Shares - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Kinsale Capital Group, Inc. Announces Underwriters' Exercise Of Option To Purchase Additional Shares






GlobeNewswire



May 16, 2017 9:10 AM EDT













 


















































 RICHMOND, Va., May 16, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kinsale Capital Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:KNSL) today announced that the underwriters in its previously announced secondary offering exercised in full their option to purchase an additional 594,492 shares of common stock. Moelis Capital Partners Opportunity Fund I, LP and Moelis Capital Partners Opportunity Fund I-A, LP (collectively, the "Moelis Funds") are selling the additional shares.  The closing of the sale of 4,557,774 shares, which includes the 594,492 additional shares, is expected to occur on Wednesday, May 17, 2017.  Upon the closing, the Moelis Funds will no longer have an ownership stake in Kinsale Capital Group. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and William Blair & Company, L.L.C. are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering.  RBC Capital Markets, LLC is also acting as a joint book-running manager.  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Dowling & Partners Securities LLC and Moelis & Company LLC are acting as co-managers.  The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus.  A copy of the final prospectus may be obtained from: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at 1-866-803-9204, or William Blair & Company, L.L.C., Attention: Prospectus Department, 222 West Adams Street, Chicago, IL 60606, or by telephone at 1-800-621-0687 or email at prospectus@williamblair.com. A registration statement on Form S-1 relating to these securities has been declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.  



 








 































































 











Trending


Tesla Headlines This Lineup of 12 Amazing New Cars for 2018


Facebook Shares Gain Steam on Earnings Beat


What Could President Trump Actually Do to Amazon and Jeff Bezos?


Facebook Call Was Right -- Here's What Happens Next


Here's How You Can Get a Decent Job at Amazon on August 2











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 













  PEF2987 Quote - Moelis Capital Partners Opportunity Fund I LP - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Moelis Capital Partners Opportunity Fund I LP   PEF2987:US      Inactive   PEF2987:US is inactive   USD             Fund Type   Private Equity Fund                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Fund Type   Private Equity Fund    Objective   -    Asset Class Focus   Private Equity    Geographic Focus   -    NAV (on -)   -    Total Assets (-) (on -)   -    Inception Date   -    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   -    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   -    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   -    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   Moelis Capital Partners Opportunity Fund I LP is a 2008 private equity fund currently harvesting. The Fund makes mid-market buyout investments in the communications, consumer discretionary, financials, industrials, and technology sectors. The Fund makes investments within the United States.    Address  -   Phone  -   Website   www.moelis.com              

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version





































About Us – Moelis & Company
































Menu


About Us
Select Business Highlights
Transactions & Case Studies
Senior Leadership Team
Careers
Investor Relations
News
Offices
 






















About Us
Moelis & Company (NYSE:MC) is a leading global independent investment bank that provides innovative, unconflicted strategic advice to a diverse client base. We assist our clients in achieving their strategic goals by offering comprehensive, globally integrated financial advisory services across all major industry sectors. Our dynamic advisory practice supports clients through all phases of the business cycle through expert capabilities in M&A, Recapitalization & Restructuring, Capital Markets and Financial Institution Advisory. We serve our clients with about 650 employees based in 17 offices in North and South America, Europe, the Middle East, Asia and Australia.
When partnering with Moelis & Company, you can expect significant engagement with veteran dealmakers, first-class transaction execution and the highest standard of confidentiality and discretion. We believe our people are our greatest asset, so we bring together the brightest and most talented individuals to deliver exceptional service to our clients. We assemble multi-functional teams to provide tailored advice on each assignment, and we leverage our extensive global network to deliver the best solutions across industries and products, regardless of geography.
We measure our performance not by short-term results but by the long-term success of our clients.







Mergers &Acquisitions
Recapitalization& Restructuring
CapitalMarkets Advisory 
FinancialInstitutions Advisory 
PrivateFunds Advisory 
MoelisAustralia
StrategicAlliance
FAQs








Mergers &Acquisitions
Moelis & Company partners with our clients in evaluating some of their most strategic and complex decisions. We provide independent, unconflicted advice which makes us uniquely suited to offer a range of advisory services to boards of directors and special committees. Our advisory services include mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, joint ventures, activism and spin-offs across all sectors in every major market around the world. Our global team of experienced professionals has an unparalleled track record of providing exceptional results for our clients.
To learn more about our M&A capabilities, please visit our transactions page.










Recapitalization& Restructuring
Having completed over 200 assignments involving more than $600 billion of liabilities, we partner our world class Recapitalization & Restructuring team with our industry bankers to deliver highly tailored advice and solutions to our corporate and investor clients in all types of liability-driven capital structure situations and challenges. Our advisory services include debt reduction, covenant modifications, maturity extensions, liability management, distressed asset sales, corporate strategy, and Chapter 11 preparation and execution. Our team is unique in that we combine liability management experience, skills and technology with deep, credit-driven restructuring analysis and differentiated industry expertise.
To learn more about our R&R capabilities, please visit our transactions page.










CapitalMarkets Advisory 
We structure and execute customized financing solutions and advise clients on all aspects of public and private debt and equity transactions. Financing solutions for our clients address a broad range of uses, including buyouts, growth capital, platform formation, refinancings and project financing. In IPOs, we provide guidance on preparation, advice on key decisions and manage the syndicate banks. Our independence and objectivity, coupled with our direct and long-standing institutional buy-side relationships, inform our market views and strengthen the quality of our execution, leading to successful transactions for our clients.
To learn more about our Capital Markets capabilities, please visit our transactions page.










FinancialInstitutions Advisory 
We evaluate balance sheets, portfolios and large complicated transactions to advise our financial services clients on complex risk exposures. Our Financial Institutions Advisory team consists of experts in structured products, securitization, derivatives and risk management who value complex assets and advise on repositioning and divesting underperforming portfolios.
To learn more about our Financial Institutions Advisory capabilities, please visit our transactions page.










PrivateFunds Advisory 
We provide capital raising, secondary market and other independent advisory services to private fund sponsors and limited partners worldwide. Our Private Funds Advisory team has extensive experience raising capital for a wide variety of financial sponsors, fund types, and individual transactions. The team’s capabilities are fully integrated with our global platform, ensuring marketing efforts have the broadest possible reach.










MoelisAustralia
In addition to our integrated global advisory offering in Australia, we also offer our clients equities and asset management services. Moelis Australia Securities provides superior ideas generated from in-depth research analysis in conjunction with execution excellence. Moelis Australia Asset Management offers investors a specialist direct asset management capability in alternative asset classes, including real estate and infrastructure, via funds and direct mandates.
To learn more about our equities and asset management businesses in Australia, please visit our Moelis Australia page.










StrategicAlliance
Moelis & Company has established strategic alliances in Mexico and Japan allowing us to offer local expertise and expand our global footprint.
Alfaro, Dávila y Scherer, S.C. (ADS) is the leading independent financial advisory firm in Mexico. Founded in 2003, the company advises a select number of clients on strategic mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, capital raising and financial restructurings.
SMBC is one of the largest banking groups in Japan offering consumer and corporate banking services. SMBC Nikko Securities Inc., a subsidiary of SMBC, is a leading Japanese securities firm that provides a broad range of financial services.
 







FAQs
Expand All






We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. Applicants are considered for employment opportunities without regard to race, age, religion, color, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, political affiliation, citizenship status, genetic information, disability (in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and any other applicable law), or any other characteristic or status protected under any applicable US, state or other law.
	        	
We do not accept unsolicited resumes. We consider any resume (a) received without prior approval from the Head of Recruiting or (b) sent to anyone at the firm other than the Head of Recruiting, to be unsolicited, and we will not pay a fee to the agency for that submission. Thank you in advance for respecting our process.






 
























































Login...

Moelis Asset ManagementGracie Asset Management








Moelis Asset Mgmt

OverviewContact

Collegium Global

Overview

Freeport Financial

OverviewTeamLending FocusValue PropositionContact

Gracie Asset Mgmt

OverviewLeadership TeamContact

Moelis Capital Partners

OverviewCurrent and Former Investments

Steele Creek

OverviewLeadership









GRACIE ASSET MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW

            Founded in 2004, Gracie Asset Management (“Gracie”) currently manages a growing family of multi-strategy credit hedge funds. Gracie’s flagship funds, the Gracie Credit Opportunities Funds (the “Funds”), seek to provide above-average risk-adjusted returns and preserve capital under varying market conditions while maintaining uncompromising integrity and transparency across the business.
        

            Gracie’s differentiated investment approach combines long/short investing across the credit spectrum with a macro overlay designed to capitalize on all stages of the credit cycle.  Gracie’s investment process is driven by a rigorous, bottom-up approach to fundamental research focused on identifying idiosyncratic investment opportunities balanced by a top-down macro overlay used to insulate the portfolio across business cycles.  The Funds invest globally in a broad range of instruments, including credit derivatives, bonds, bank debt, structured products, OTC products and indices.
        

            The Funds are managed by James Palmisciano (Chairman and Chief Investment Officer), Michael Robertson (Portfolio Manager), Alex Koundourakis (Head of Credit Trading) and Richard Vossler (Portfolio Manager). Gracie Asset Management was acquired by and became part of the asset management business of Moelis Asset Management (formerly Moelis & Company Holdings LP) in 2010 and is based in New York.
        

            For further information please contact:
Sam Konz
            Chief Financial Officer
            
            Gracie Asset Management
            
            T) 1 212 527 8204
            
            konz@graciecap.com
        



            Gracie Asset Management (“Gracie”) is a multi-strategy credit manager which was acquired by and became part of the asset management group of Moelis Asset Management in 2010. 
            Moelis Asset Management (formerly known as Moelis & Company Holdings LP) was formerly the parent of Moelis & Company LLC, a registered broker dealer. In connection with the initial public offering of the advisory business of the Moelis group, Moelis Asset Management retained ownership of its subsidiary entities at the time.  Moelis & Company LLC became an indirect subsidiary of Moelis & Company (NYSE: MC). Moelis Asset Management and Moelis & Company are separate legal entities. Kenneth Moelis remains the ultimate controlling shareholder of both Moelis Asset Management and Moelis and Company. Moelis Asset Management is not registered with the SEC or any regulatory authority.
        

            Gracie is registered as an investment adviser with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and is affiliated with Freeport Financial Partners LLC, a middle market direct lending firm, Moelis Capital Partners LLC, a private equity firm, and Steele Creek Investment Management LLC, a CLO collateral manager. The information herein constitutes neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation to invest in the Gracie Credit Opportunities Funds (the “Funds”). Offers to sell or solicitations to invest in the Funds are made only by means of a confidential offering memorandum to sophisticated investors meeting certain suitability standards who fully understand and are willing to assume the risks involved and in accordance with applicable securities laws. The information herein is believed to be accurate as of the date hereof.  No representation or warranty is made to its continued accuracy after such date.
        





		        © Copyright
		        
		        Moelis Asset Management LP. All rights reserved. | 
Legal | 
		        Moelis & Company








MOELIS CAPITAL PARTNERS OPPORTUNITY FUND I-A, LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      MOELIS CAPITAL PARTNERS OPPORTUNITY FUND I-A, LP
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Moelis Capital Partners Opportunity Fund I-a is based out of New York.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from MOELIS CAPITAL PARTNERS OPPORTUNITY FUND I-A, LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




moelis capital partners opportunity fund i-a, lp


399 PARK AVENUE

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10022


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      917-719-5700







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 05/18/2017
4 filed on 12/07/2016
4 filed on 08/02/2016
3 filed on 07/28/2016
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 



Veritable, LP and Moelis Asset Management LP Announce Joint Venture Focused on Providing Initial Capital and Operational Support to New Private Market Investment Firms | Business Wire


























































Veritable, LP and Moelis Asset Management LP Announce Joint Venture 
      Focused on Providing Initial Capital and Operational Support to New 
      Private Market Investment Firms




Archean Capital Partners’ Initial Fund Established with $100 Million 
      of Commitments






January 17, 2017 08:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



PHILADELPHIA & NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Veritable, LP. (“Veritable”) and Moelis Asset Management LP (“Moelis 
      AM”) today announced they have entered into a joint venture agreement 
      establishing Archean Capital Partners, a private market investment 
      platform that will provide new portfolio managers with the initial 
      capital, advice and infrastructure necessary to launch their own funds.
    

      Veritable is a leading wealth management firm with over $13 billion of 
      assets under management. Moelis AM is the parent company for alternative 
      asset management firms with an aggregate of over $3 billion in assets 
      under management.
    

      Through Archean Capital Partners (“Archean”), Veritable and Moelis AM
will seek capital commitments for a series of single manager, 
      special purpose vehicles (“SPV” or collectively, “SPVs”) that will 
      invest in selected newly launched private funds. Archean will partner 
      with managers across a broad range of strategies including buyout, 
      turnaround/restructuring, growth, credit opportunities, infrastructure 
      and real estate. As part of Archean's seed investment of capital in 
      these newly launched funds, Archean will seek to provide its investors 
      returns generated on both invested capital and revenue sharing from the 
      new investment manager’s business.
    

      Veritable and Moelis AM have already established the initial Archean 
      SPV, a single manager SPV with $100 million of capital committed by 
      Veritable’s clients and individuals at Veritable, Moelis AM and Moelis & 
      Company. The Archean SPV is in the process of investing with its first 
      candidate in the private funds industry. Moelis & Company’s Private 
      Funds Advisory Group has been retained by this manager to advise on 
      further capital raising.
    

      Michael Stolper, Founder and CEO of Veritable, said, “Veritable made its 
      first alternative strategy investment in the late 1980s. Since then we 
      have invested several billion dollars of client capital around the world 
      with a wide variety of unaffiliated private fund and hedge fund 
      managers. In many instances, Veritable has provided fund managers with a 
      significant portion of their initial investment capital having often 
      cultivated relationships with them for years. We have developed a strong 
      reputation among fund managers for providing long-term investment 
      capital and the opportunity for managers to build their own track 
      records. We are very pleased to be partnering with Moelis AM on this 
      innovative partnership that, through Archean, will provide newly formed 
      private markets managers with the critical mass and operating support to 
      create institutional quality organizations.”
    

      Christopher Ryan, Managing Director of Moelis AM, said, “The Archean 
      platform is intended to allow individual managers the certainty of a 
      large and stable source of initial capital for a rapid first close and 
      the fundraising capabilities to secure additional capital commitments 
      for their first funds. In partnership with Veritable, we believe there 
      will be tremendous opportunities to grow this unique investment platform 
      for the benefit of new managers and investors alike.”
    

About Veritable


      Veritable, a leading wealth management firm, manages over $13 billion 
      across nearly 200 ultra-high-net-worth families. A pioneer in 
      open-architecture wealth advisory services, Veritable provides 
      comprehensive, objective and tax-sensitive investment consultation 
      through an approach customized for each client's specific needs. Founded 
      in 1986 by Chief Executive Officer Michael Stolper, the firm is 
      headquartered in Newtown Square, PA with offices in San Francisco, CA, 
      and has 84 employees, including 36 investment advisory and 12 research 
      professionals. For further information, please visit: www.veritablelp.com.
    

About Moelis Asset Management


      Moelis Asset Management LP (“Moelis AM”) is the parent company for 
      alternative asset management firms with leading capabilities in private 
      equity, direct lending, credit funds and structured products. The Firm 
      has been built on the premise of backing high caliber investment firms 
      with products it believes can provide attractive risk adjusted returns 
      for investors. The businesses of Moelis AM include Chamonix Partners 
      Capital Management LLC, a structured products investment manager, 
      Freeport Financial Partners LLC, a direct lending platform, Gracie Asset 
      Management, a multistrategy credit manager, Moelis Capital Partners, 
      LLC, a private equity firm focused on middle market companies, and 
      Steele Creek Investment Management, a manager of collateralized loan 
      obligations and other broadly syndicated loan products. Moelis AM was 
      also a founding investor of College Avenue Loans LLC, a private student 
      loan company. Moelis AM advisers currently have aggregate assets under 
      management of over $3 billion. Moelis AM is an affiliate of Moelis & 
      Company (NYSE:MC) (“Moelis”), a leading global independent investment 
      bank. For further information, please visit: www.moelisassetmanagement.com.
    




Contacts

Veritable, LP.Dan Gagnier, 
      646-569-5897dg@gagnierfc.comorMoelis 
      Asset Management LPAndrea Hurst, 212-883-3666andrea.hurst@moelis.com











Release Summary
Veritable, LP and Moelis Asset Management LP Announce Joint Venture Focused on Providing Initial Capital and Operational Support to New Private Market Investment Firms






Contacts

Veritable, LP.Dan Gagnier, 
      646-569-5897dg@gagnierfc.comorMoelis 
      Asset Management LPAndrea Hurst, 212-883-3666andrea.hurst@moelis.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up





































Case Studies – Moelis & Company





























Menu


About Us
Select Business Highlights
Transactions & Case Studies
Senior Leadership Team
Careers
Investor Relations
News
Offices
 





















Transactions  & Case Studies

Transactions
Case Studies



September 2016




$2.0 billion debt restructuring            
    Restructuring and Recapitalization   
    


Exclusive Financial Advisor to the Ad Hoc Group of Second Lien lenders on Templar Energy’s $1.45 billion out-of-court exchange offer

On September 21, 2016, Templar Energy, LLC (“Templar”), an oil and gas exploration and production company focused on the U.S. mid-continent region, completed its out-of-court restructuring and recapitalization. Acting as the company’s exclusive financial advisor, Moelis & Company’s involvement resulted in 100% of lenders consenting to an exchange offer and avoiding a potentially lengthy and costly in-court Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
Initially backed by financial sponsors First Reserve and Trilantic, Templar established a quality acreage position in the mid-continent in 2013-2014. This was done through a series of acquisitions financed with the issuance of $1.45 billion of second lien term loans. Shortly thereafter, precipitous decline in oil and natural gas prices rendered the company’s overlevered balance sheet unsustainable. In late 2015, Templar approached its second lien lenders regarding the formation of an ad hoc group, who subsequently hired Moelis & Company to advise on restructuring conversations.
Moelis & Company performed extensive diligence on the company’s asset base and operational capabilities and advised its clients that the company was better suited for a debt-to-equity exchange versus accepting a cash tender offer. The Firm negotiated a comprehensive restructuring solution, crafting the ultimate deal construct that provided the second lien lenders with the majority of new money investment rights (60%) and effective control of the company’s board.
Ultimately, Templar received total new money investment of $365 million and used the proceeds for the second lien cash payment and to pay down its first lien lenders, resulting in a substantially delevered company with ample liquidity. Through the debt-to-equity exchange and new preferred equity investment, second lien lenders own over 80% of the pro forma equity. They received $133 million of cash, 45% of the equity in the reorganized Templar (after dilution) and the participation rights in a fully-backstopped rights offering of participating preferred equity.






July 2016




$2.4 billion            
    Chapter 11 Reorganization   
    


Exclusive Investment Banker to Dex Media Inc. on its $2.4 billion Prepackaged Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization

On August 1, 2016, Dex Media, Inc. (“Dex”), one of America’s largest providers of marketing solutions for local businesses, announced that it had completed its financial restructuring and emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Moelis & Company acted as the exclusive investment banker to Dex and played a critical role in helping the company emerge from bankruptcy protection after only 77 days.
At the time, Dex’s primary historical marketing product, yellow page directories, had been experiencing significant double-digit top-line declines in the face of burgeoning internet directory and customer review-based businesses (e.g. Google, Yelp and Angie’s List) as well as the aging of the product’s core demographic. In reaction to those trends, Dex developed and marketed digital advertising solutions, but the transition to digital products was slower than originally anticipated.
As a result, Dex effectuated a merger with Supermedia Inc. through concurrent Chapter 11 bankruptcies in an effort to combat industry dynamics through consolidation. The company emerged with four cross-collateralized secured credit silos creating a complex capital structure, which impeded management’s ability to operate the business as a unified company. In addition to the first-lien secured debt of approximately $2.1 billion, the company also had unsecured notes of $270 million. At the end of 2016, Dex faced a maturity wall and leverage levels would not support a complete refinancing of commitments.
Moelis & Company negotiated a significant deleveraging of the company in order to afford the company the financial flexibility to achieve its strategic plan. The plan was a fully-consensual prepacked plan of reorganization, which provided for the first-lien lenders across the four credit silos to own 100% of the reorganized equity and $600 million of loans under the new credit facility. Dex’s unsecured noteholders also received a $5 million cash payment and warrants to purchase up to 10% of the reorganized  equity in exchange for their approximately $270 million in claims.
The company’s strengthened capital structure, with approximately $1.8 billion less total debt, created significant financial and strategic flexibility. Furthermore, the transaction enabled the company to deepen its commitment to help local businesses thrive by developing and providing marketing solutions to help them grow their organizations.






February 2016




£800 million            
    Initial Public Offering of portfolio company Ascential plc   
    


Exclusive Financial Advisor to Guardian Media Group Plc on its £800 million initial public offering of portfolio company Ascential plc

On February 8, 2016, Ascential plc announced the successful pricing of its initial public offering at 200p per share, giving the company a market capitalization of £800 million. Moelis & Company acted as the independent advisor to Guardian Media Group (GMG) on Ascential’s IPO, which resulted in total proceeds of £322 million, including the greenshoe.
Ascential, an information and events company jointly owned by Apax Partners and GMG, operates through two segments: Exhibitions & Festivals and Information Services. The company owns a portfolio of businesses including the Cannes Lions advertising festival, the financial services event Money 20/20 and the global fashion trend forecasting service WGSN.
Conditional trading commenced on the London Stock Exchange on February 9, 2016 under the ticker ASCL. Moelis & Company advised GMG in relation to the initial price range of 190p – 220p and the stock traded up +1.0% to 202p at the opening of trading in the context of highly volatile markets. The valuation at the IPO price was in line with key peers. Of the £322 million of proceeds raised, £122 million were secondary proceeds and £200 million were primary proceeds, reducing leverage from 4.8x to 2.6x 2015 EBITDA.
The IPO represented a comeback to the public markets for Ascential, which was acquired by GMG and Apax Partners LP for £1.0 billion in 2008. Moelis & Company acted as the independent advisor to GMG in relation to its partial exit from Ascential, advising first on the M&A alternative and subsequently on Ascential’s IPO.






February 2016




$13.3 billion            
    Merger with Sirona Dental Systems Inc.   
    


Exclusive Financial Advisor to DENTSPLY International Inc. on its $13.0 billion merger with Sirona Dental Systems Inc.

On September 15, 2015, DENTSPLY International Inc. (“DENTSPLY”) (NASDAQ: XRAY), one of the world’s largest manufacturers of consumable dental products for the professional dental market, and Sirona Dental Systems Inc. (“Sirona”) (NASDAQ: SIRO), a global dental technology leader, announced that the Boards of Directors of both companies unanimously approved a definitive merger agreement to combine the companies in an all-stock merger of equals. This combination created the world’s largest manufacturer of professional dental products and technologies with net revenue of approximately $3.8 billion and adjusted EBITDA of more than $900 million.
Moelis & Company served as the exclusive financial advisor to DENTSPLY and led the company in all aspects of the transaction. Narrowing in on the essential elements unique to this client, Moelis & Company advised on the negotiation of key economic, managerial and social deal terms, post-close capital allocation strategy and messaging of the deal announcement to the Street. Under the terms of the agreement, Sirona shareholders received 1.8142 shares of DENTSPLY for each existing Sirona share, reflecting an “at market” exchange ratio. At closing on February 29, 2016, DENTSPLY shareholders owned 58% and Sirona shareholders owned 42% of the combined company in a tax-free merger.
The combined company, supported by its leading platforms in consumables, equipment and technology, offers an enhanced set of complementary offerings and end-to-end solutions that will advance patient care. Customers across the globe will now be supported by the largest sales and service infrastructure in the industry to deliver an optimized product range that will meet the increasing global demand for digital dentistry and integrated solutions. In an industry that is increasingly consolidating, the DENTSPLY/Sirona merger represented an opportunity for both companies to gain scale, increase product breadth and increase shareholder value. The transaction is expected to have over $125 million of annual pre-tax synergies by the third year and to be accretive to both sets of shareholders within the first year after close.
The deal builds on Moelis & Company’s track record of delivering differentiated advice to public company boards while maintaining confidentiality. This transaction represents the largest dental transaction in history.






December 2015




$4.2 billion            
    Chapter 11 Reorganization   
    


Exclusive Financial Advisor to LightSquared Inc. on its $4.2 billion Chapter 11 Reorganization

On December 7, 2015, LightSquared Inc. successfully consummated its Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization (the “Plan”), which was the culmination of extensive negotiations and litigation among the major constituents in the Chapter 11 case. Prior to the Chapter 11 filing, Moelis & Company pursued an exhaustive strategic and financial investor process to find the right solution for its client and led intensive negotiations to execute an out-of-court restructuring. Due to the opposition of several large holders, LightSquared was forced to file for Chapter 11 to maintain control over its assets.
When LightSquared set out to launch a nationwide, wholesale wireless LTE network, federal regulators denied attempts to clear the Plan, citing concerns about potential GPS interference. As a result, LightSquared was forced to file for Chapter 11 protection in May 2012 with $2.3 billion of debt. Moelis & Company was hired as the exclusive financial advisor to the company, and ran extensive multi-party negotiations over more than three years, evaluating over a dozen plans of reorganization filed with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court. 
These extensive discussions resulted in a near-fully consensual plan of reorganization, offering full recovery to all existing debt and preferred equity holders. Moelis & Company also evaluated and assisted in the raising of over $3.5 billion of new debt and equity capital, numerous rounds of DIP financings, and served a critical role in a seven-month mediation process. Moelis & Company provided an expert valuation report as well as extensive trial testimony in support of the Plan and related financings that served as the centerpiece of the Plan confirmation. Additionally, the Firm submitted at least three formal valuation reports and provided testimony in support of multiple Plan proposals and deposition testimony on a number of matters at least nine times during the course of the Chapter 11 proceedings. 
LightSquared pursued the confirmed Plan in partnership with an investor group, including Fortress Credit Opportunities Advisors LLC, Centerbridge Partners, L.P., JPMorgan Chase & Co., and Harbinger Capital Partners LLC. Among other features, the Plan provided for the full satisfaction of all claims and preferred equity interests, $3.5 billion in aggregate new-money debt and equity investments, and the installation of a world-class board of directors chaired by former Verizon Chairman and CEO Ivan Seidenberg.
LightSquared emerged from bankruptcy with $4.6 billion of new and rolled debt financing which provided over $900 million of cash. This allowed the company to pursue alternative investment opportunities and capitalize on its valuable wireless spectrum licenses.






December 2015




£13.0 billion            
    Sale of an asset portfolio to affiliates of Cerberus Capital Management LP   
    


Financial Advisor to UK Financial Investments Limited on UK Asset Resolution Limited’s sale of an asset portfolio to affiliates of Cerberus Capital Management LP

On November 13, 2015, UK Financial Investments Limited (UKFI) announced that UK Asset Resolution Limited (UKAR) would sell a £13.0 billion asset portfolio to Cerberus Capital Management LP (“Cerberus”). Moelis & Company acted as the financial advisor to UKFI on this record-breaking sale of mortgages which had been taken into public ownership nearly a decade earlier.
As part of the U.K.’s response to the financial crisis and in order to manage the Governments interventions, UKFI was set up in 2008. UKFI’s objective is to implement a strategy for realizing value for the government’s holdings over time in an orderly and active way, consistent with its view that it has no wish to be a permanent investor in U.K. financial institutions. UKAR was established in 2010 as a holding company to integrate the administration and servicing of the legacy mortgage businesses of NRAM (previously known as Northern Rock Asset Management plc) and Bradford & Bingley plc.
The UKAR portfolio sold to Cerberus in this transaction comprised of mortgages and unsecured loans from the legacy book of NRAM, the former Northern Rock mortgage business. This highly competitive process resulted in UKAR achieving a £280 million premium over book value. As part of the transaction, TSB Bank acquired £3.3 billion of mortgages and loans from Cerberus, adding 34,000 customers across the U.K.
The sale brought the total UKAR balance sheet reduction to £73.5 billion (63%) and meant that the government had exited over 85% of Northern Rock whilst delivering value-for-money for the taxpayer.
This marque transaction, completed in May 2016, received accolades from U.K. Chancellor George Osborne, who called it a “major milestone in clearing up the mess left by the financial crisis, with the sale of former Northern Rock mortgages.” It currently represents the largest financial asset sale ever by a European government.








1
2
3
4
…
9
 







Advisory Services
Mergers & AcquisitionsRecapitalization & RestructuringCapital MarketsFinancial Institutions AdvisoryPrivate Funds AdvisoryRisk Advisory 

Clear





 





























Veritable and Moelis AM to launch new private market investment platform - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Veritable and Moelis AM to launch new private market investment platform


January 17, 2017
By Iris Dorbian



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Veritable and Moelis AM to launch new private market investment platform
Veritable LP and Moelis Asset Management LP are forming Archean Capital Partners, a new private market investment firm. The joint venture will provide portfolio managers with capital to launch their own funds.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Veritable LP and Moelis Asset Management LP are forming Archean Capital Partners, a new private market investment firm. The joint venture will provide portfolio managers with capital to launch their own funds.
PRESS RELEASE
PHILADELPHIA & NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Veritable, LP. (“Veritable”) and Moelis Asset Management LP (“Moelis AM”) today announced they have entered into a joint venture agreement establishing Archean Capital Partners, a private market investment platform that will provide new portfolio managers with the initial capital, advice and infrastructure necessary to launch their own funds.
Veritable is a leading wealth management firm with over $13 billion of assets under management. Moelis AM is the parent company for alternative asset management firms with an aggregate of over $3 billion in assets under management.
Through Archean Capital Partners (“Archean”), Veritable and Moelis AM will seek capital commitments for a series of single manager, special purpose vehicles (“SPV” or collectively, “SPVs”) that will invest in selected newly launched private funds. Archean will partner with managers across a broad range of strategies including buyout, turnaround/restructuring, growth, credit opportunities, infrastructure and real estate. As part of Archean’s seed investment of capital in these newly launched funds, Archean will seek to provide its investors returns generated on both invested capital and revenue sharing from the new investment manager’s business. 





Veritable and Moelis AM have already established the initial Archean SPV, a single manager SPV with $100 million of capital committed by Veritable’s clients and individuals at Veritable, Moelis AM and Moelis & Company. The Archean SPV is in the process of investing with its first candidate in the private funds industry. Moelis & Company’s Private Funds Advisory Group has been retained by this manager to advise on further capital raising.
Michael Stolper, Founder and CEO of Veritable, said, “Veritable made its first alternative strategy investment in the late 1980s. Since then we have invested several billion dollars of client capital around the world with a wide variety of unaffiliated private fund and hedge fund managers. In many instances, Veritable has provided fund managers with a significant portion of their initial investment capital having often cultivated relationships with them for years. We have developed a strong reputation among fund managers for providing long-term investment capital and the opportunity for managers to build their own track records. We are very pleased to be partnering with Moelis AM on this innovative partnership that, through Archean, will provide newly formed private markets managers with the critical mass and operating support to create institutional quality organizations.”
Christopher Ryan, Managing Director of Moelis AM, said, “The Archean platform is intended to allow individual managers the certainty of a large and stable source of initial capital for a rapid first close and the fundraising capabilities to secure additional capital commitments for their first funds. In partnership with Veritable, we believe there will be tremendous opportunities to grow this unique investment platform for the benefit of new managers and investors alike.” 





About Veritable
Veritable, a leading wealth management firm, manages over $13 billion across nearly 200 ultra-high-net-worth families. A pioneer in open-architecture wealth advisory services, Veritable provides comprehensive, objective and tax-sensitive investment consultation through an approach customized for each client’s specific needs. Founded in 1986 by Chief Executive Officer Michael Stolper, the firm is headquartered in Newtown Square, PA with offices in San Francisco, CA, and has 84 employees, including 36 investment advisory and 12 research professionals. For further information, please visit: www.veritablelp.com.
About Moelis Asset Management
Moelis Asset Management LP (“Moelis AM”) is the parent company for alternative asset management firms with leading capabilities in private equity, direct lending, credit funds and structured products. The Firm has been built on the premise of backing high caliber investment firms with products it believes can provide attractive risk adjusted returns for investors. The businesses of Moelis AM include Chamonix Partners Capital Management LLC, a structured products investment manager, Freeport Financial Partners LLC, a direct lending platform, Gracie Asset Management, a multistrategy credit manager, Moelis Capital Partners, LLC, a private equity firm focused on middle market companies, and Steele Creek Investment Management, a manager of collateralized loan obligations and other broadly syndicated loan products. Moelis AM was also a founding investor of College Avenue Loans LLC, a private student loan company. Moelis AM advisers currently have aggregate assets under management of over $3 billion. Moelis AM is an affiliate of Moelis & Company (NYSE:MC) (“Moelis”), a leading global independent investment bank. For further information, please visit: www.moelisassetmanagement.com. 






Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Veritable and Moelis AM to launch new private market investment platform
Veritable LP and Moelis Asset Management LP are forming Archean Capital Partners, a new private market investment firm. The joint venture will provide portfolio managers with capital to launch their own funds.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














Take your pick!

Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.
VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. 
 









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

MidOcean to sell Water Pik for $1 bln
by Luisa Beltran

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

Carlyle to invest in ZeroChaos
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Awake Security nabs over $30 mln from Greylock and Bain Capital Ventures
by Iris Dorbian

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

 





























