


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















Master Data Management (MDM) Advisory & Implementation




















































Contact us






 
(888) 534-9650






About Us

Mission & History
Partners
Leadership Team
Careers
News & Events
Newsletter Sign Up


Blog
Our Clients






  
 
 



Services
Solutions
MENU
MDM Advisory
MDM Implementation
MDM Performance
Contact Us
  
 






 

 
 

Thank You.To our employees and customers. Ideosity recognized by Inc. 5000 in “Fastest Growing Private Companies” 3 years straight.Learn More About IdeosityCross the finish line with ease.With Ideosity's end-to-end services.Start Your Journey With AdvisoryOngoing expert support to help youget more out of your PIM and MDM systemLearn more about IdeoCARE  
 



IdeosityData Mastered





End-to-end Master Data Management Solutions
 
Our services combined with MDM and PIM technologies
eliminates obstacles, mitigates risk and creates business improvements
throughout your entire data mastering journey.





MDM Advisory
Strategy and planning lay the groundwork for a successful PIM or MDM implementation.



MDM Implementation
PIM and MDM specific methodology for maximum value and minimum risk.



MDM Performance
Make the most of your PIM and MDM system with performance technology and support.




A Leader In MDM/PIM Consulting



60+ MDM/PIM projects across small, medium and large enterprises.
Broadest experience across a variety of leading platforms and technologies.
Robust services to support the entire journey from concept to realization and ongoing.


 

Our Approach


Eliminating Risk by relying on our ADVISORY services.
Our IMPLEMENTATION approach aims at deriving faster ROI and greater value from your MDM platform.
Benefit from Ideosity’s unique PERFORMANCE services, technology and ongoing expert support.



 


 





Navigation

Advisory
Implementation
Performance
Careers
Our Clients
Blog
About Us


 
Contact Us
Ideosity, Inc. 
205 W. Main Street 
West Dundee, IL 60118
Ideosity Canada, Ltd. 
1 Yonge Street, 
Suite 1801 
Toronto, ON M5E 1W7
p: (888) 534-9650
f: (312) 256-9156

 About Ideosity
Partner with Ideosity for your digital transformation for Advisory, Implementation, and Performance services. Our approach combined with PIM (Prod­uct Information Management)
and MDM (Master Data Management) technologies eliminates obstacles, mitigates risk and creates business improvements throughout your entire da­ta-mastering journey.
 







  
 

© 2017 Ideosity, All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 





















MOF II Management LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      MOF II Management LLC
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             MOF II Management is based out of New York.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from MOF II Management LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




mof ii management llc


375 PARK AVENUE, SUITE 3304

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10152


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      (212) 759-0777
SEC SIC CODE:6282-INVESTMENT ADVICE







Recent SEC Filings




40-APP filed on 05/24/2017
40-APP/A filed on 03/20/2017
40-APP/A filed on 12/23/2016
40-APP filed on 07/26/2016
40-APP/A filed on 09/26/2013
40-APP/A filed on 07/08/2011
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












Medley Capital 40-APP Jul 26 2016 | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Medley Capital (MCC)FORM 40-APP | Jul 26 2016|About: Medley Capital (MCC)View as PDF

 MOF II Management LLC (Form: 40-APP, Received: 07/26/2016 16:47:27) 









	 



	File No.              




	 




	U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




	Washington,
	D.C. 20549





	 




	 




	APPLICATION
	FOR AN ORDER PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 17(d) AND 57(i) OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AND RULE 17d-1
	UNDER THE ACT PERMITTING CERTAIN JOINT TRANSACTIONS OTHERWISE PROHIBITED BY SECTIONS 17(d) AND 57(a)(4) OF THE ACT AND RULE
	17d-1 UNDER THE ACT.


	 





	MEDLEY CAPITAL CORPORATION,
	MEDLEY LLC, MCC ADVISORS LLC, MEDLEY CAPITAL LLC, MEDLEY OPPORTUNITY FUND II LP, MOF II GP LLC, MEDLEY OPPORTUNITY FUND III LP, MOF III GP LLC, MOF
	II MANAGEMENT LLC, MOF III MANAGEMENT LLC, MEDLEY SBIC, LP, MEDLEY SBIC GP, LLC, MEDLEY CREDIT STRATEGIES (KOC) LLC, SIERRA INCOME
	CORPORATION, SIC ADVISORS LLC, SIERRA TOTAL RETURN FUND, STRF ADVISORS LLC



	 


	280 Park Avenue, 6

	th

	Floor East


	New York, NY 10017


	(212) 759-0777


	 




	 





	All Communications, Notices and Orders
	to:



	 


	Brook Taube


	Medley Capital Corporation


	Seth Taube


	Sierra Income Corporation

	Sierra Total Return Fund


	280 Park Avenue, 6

	th

	Floor East


	New York, NY 10017


	(212) 759-0777


	 




	 





	Copies to:



	 


	Steven B. Boehm, Esq.


	Harry S. Pangas, Esq.


	Payam Siadatpour, Esq.


	Sutherland Asbill & Brennan LLP


	700 6

	th

	Street, N.W.


	Washington, DC 20001


	(202) 383-0100


	 


	July 26, 2016


	 






	 









	 







	 






	UNITED STATES OF AMERICA




	Before the




	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION



	 






	In the Matter of

	:


	 



	MEDLEY CAPITAL




	CORPORATION, MEDLEY
	LLC,




	MCC ADVISORS LLC, MEDLEY




	CAPITAL LLC, MEDLEY




	OPPORTUNITY FUND




	II LP, MOF II GP LLC,




	MEDLEY OPPORTUNITY FUND III LP,




	MOF III GP LLC, MOF II
	MANAGEMENT




	LLC, MOF III MANAGEMENT
	LLC,




	MEDLEY SBIC, LP, MEDLEY
	SBIC




	GP, LLC, MEDLEY CREDIT




	STRATEGIES (KOC) LLC,
	SIERRA




	INCOME CORPORATION,
	SIC




	ADVISORS LLC, SIERRA
	TOTAL




	RETURN FUND, STRF ADVISORS
	LLC




	 



	 


	280 Park Avenue,
	6

	th

	Floor East


	New York, NY 10017


	(212) 759-0777


	 


	File No.


	Investment Company Act of 1940




	)


	)


	)


	)


	)


	)


	)


	)


	)


	)


	)


	)


	)


	)


	)


	)


	)


	)


	)


	)


	)



	 



	APPLICATION FOR AN ORDER PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 17(d) AND
	57(i) OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940 AND RULE 17d-1 UNDER THE ACT PERMITTING CERTAIN JOINT TRANSACTIONS OTHERWISE
	PROHIBITED BY SECTIONS 17(d) AND 57(a)(4) OF THE ACT AND RULE 17d-1 UNDER THE ACT.






	 






	 




	 




	INTRODUCTION




	 


	The following entities hereby request
	an order (the “


	Order


	”) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
	(the “


	Commission


	”) pursuant to Sections 17(d) and 57(i) of the Investment Company
	Act of 1940, as amended (the “


	Act


	”),

	1

	 and Rule 17d-1 promulgated under
	the Act,

	2

	 permitting certain joint transactions that otherwise may be prohibited by either or
	both of Sections 17(d) and 57(a)(4):


	 






	 





	1


	Unless otherwise indicated, all section references herein are to the Act.




	2


	Unless
	otherwise indicated, all rule references herein are to rules under the Act.



	 









	1

	 







	 




	 







	·




	Medley
	Capital Corporation (“


	MCC


	”),





	 







	·




	Medley
	SBIC, LP (“


	Medley SBIC


	”) and its general partner, Medley SBIC GP, LLC (the “


	SBIC General
	Partner


	”),





	 







	·




	Medley
	LLC, the holding company for the Regulated Entity Advisers and the Existing Affiliated Investment Advisers (each as defined below),





	 







	·




	MCC
	Advisors LLC, MCC’s investment adviser (“


	MCC Advisors


	”),





	 







	·




	Medley Capital LLC, MOF II Management LLC, and
	MOF III
	Management LLC (collectively, the “


	Existing Affiliated Investment
	Advisers


	”),

	3










	 







	·



	MOF II GP LLC, MOF III GP LLC, and Medley Credit Strategies GP, LLC (collectively, the “


	Existing
	General
	Partners


	”),

	4





	 







	·



	Medley Opportunity Fund III LP, Medley Opportunity Fund II LP and Medley Credit Strategies (KOC) LLC (collectively, the
	“


	Existing
	Affiliated
	Funds


	”),

	5





	 







	·




	Sierra
	Income Corporation (“


	Sierra


	”),





	 







	·




	SIC Advisors LLC, Sierra’s investment adviser (


	“SIC
	Advisors”


	),





	 


	 


	 




	 



	·



	Sierra Total Return Fund (


	“STRF”


	),
	and




	 


	 


	 




	 



	·



	STRF Advisors LLC, STRF's investment adviser (

	"STRF
	Advisors"

	).




	 


	In this Application:


	 







	·




	The term “


	Affiliated Funds”


	 means the
	Existing Affiliated Funds and the Future Affiliated Funds (as defined below).





	 







	·




	The term “


	Affiliated Investment Advisers


	”
	means the Existing Affiliated Investment Advisers, together with any future investment advisers that Medley LLC controls.





	 






	 







	3

	The Existing Affiliated Investment Advisers
	are domestic limited liability companies and are directly wholly-owned by and directly controlled by, Medley LLC. Medley LLC,
	which is controlled by Medley Management Inc., a publicly traded asset management firm, which in turn is controlled by Medley
	Group LLC, an entity controlled by the Principals. Medley LLC currently is exempt from registration
	under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the “Advisers Act”), as a holding company that does not
	directly advise an investment company. Medley Capital LLC, Medley Credit Strategies LLC and MOF II Management LLC are
	registered investment advisers under the Advisers Act.



	4

	The Existing General Partners are directly wholly-owned
	by, and directly controlled by, Medley GP Holdings LLC. Medley GP Holdings LLC is controlled by the Principals (as defined below).



	5


	No Existing Affiliated Fund is a
	subsidiary of a Regulated Entity (as defined below).





	 









	2

	 







	 




	  







	·




	The term “


	Applicants


	” refers to MCC,
	Sierra, Medley SBIC, SBIC General Partner, Medley LLC, MCC Advisors, SIC Advisors, STRF, STRF Advisors the Existing
	Affiliated
	Investment
	Advisers, the Existing General Partners and the Existing Affiliated Funds.





	 







	·




	The term “


	Board”


	 means, with
	respect to any Regulated Entity (as defined below), the board of directors or trustees, as applicable, of that Regulated
	Entity
	(including the
	MCC Board,
	for MCC, the
	Sierra Board, for Sierra, and the STRF Board, for STRF).





	 







	·




	The term


	 “Co-Investment Transaction


	”
	means any transaction in which a Regulated Entity (or its Wholly-Owned Investment Sub, as defined below) participated, in reliance
	on the Order or the Prior Order (as defined below), (a) together with one or more other Regulated Entities and/or
	(b) together with one or more Affiliated Funds.





	 







	·




	The term “


	Future Affiliated
	Funds”


	 means any entity whose (i) investment adviser is an Affiliated Investment Adviser, (ii) that would
	be an investment company but for section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Act, (iii) that is not a subsidiary of a Regulated
	Entity, and (iv) that intends to participate in the Co-Investment Program (as defined below).





	 







	·




	The
	term “


	Independent Directors


	”

	, as used in this application, refers to the directors or trustees, as applicable,
	of a Regulated Entity who are not “interested persons” of the Regulated Entity as defined in Section
	2(a)(19) of the Act.




	 







	·




	The
	term “


	Participating Funds


	”




	means Affiliated Funds that have the capacity to, and elect
	to, co-invest with the Regulated Entities.





	 







	·




	The
	term “


	Potential Co-Investment Transaction


	” means any investment opportunity in which a Regulated Entity
	(or its Wholly-Owned Investment Sub) could not participate together with one or more Regulated Entities and/or together with one
	or more Affiliated Funds without obtaining and relying on the Order.





	 







	·




	The
	term “


	Regulated Entity


	” means any of (i) MCC; (ii) Sierra; (iii) STRF;

	and (iv) any future closed-end investment company (a) that
	is registered under the Act or has elected to be regulated as a BDC

	6

	under the Act, (b) whose investment adviser is
	a Regulated Entity Adviser, and (c) that intends to participate in the Co-Investment Program.




	 







	·




	The term “


	Regulated Entity Advisers


	”
	means (i) MCC Advisors, (ii) SIC Advisors, (iii) STRF Advisors, and (iv) any future investment adviser that Medley LLC
	controls.





	 







	·




	The term “


	SBIC Subsidiary


	” means an entity
	that is licensed by the Small Business Administration (the “


	SBA


	”) to operate under the Small Business
	Investment Act of 1958, as amended, (the “


	SBA Act


	”) as a small business investment company (an “


	SBIC


	”).





	 






	 







	6


	Section 2(a)(48) defines a business development company (“


	BDC


	”) to be any closed-end investment
	company that operates for the purpose of making investments in securities described in section 55(a)(1) through 55(a)(3) of the
	Act and makes available significant managerial assistance with respect to the issuers of such securities.



	 









	3

	 







	 




	 







	·




	The term “


	Wholly-Owned Investment Sub


	” means
	an entity (i) that is wholly-owned by a Regulated Entity (with such Regulated Entity at all times holding, beneficially and of
	record, 100% of the voting and economic interests), (ii) whose sole business purpose is to hold one or more investments on behalf
	of such Regulated Entity (and, in the case of an SBIC Subsidiary, maintain a license under the SBA Act and issue debentures guaranteed
	by the SBA); (iii) with respect to which the Regulated Entity’s Board has the sole authority to make all determinations with
	respect to the entity’s participation under the conditions of this Application; and (iv) that would be an investment company
	but for section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Act. All subsidiaries participating in the Co-Investment Program will be Wholly-Owned
	Investment Subs and will have Objectives and Strategies (as defined below) that are either substantially the same as, or a subset
	of, their parent Regulated Entity’s Objectives and Strategies. An SBIC Subsidiary may be a Wholly-Owned Investment Sub if
	it satisfies the conditions in this definition.





	 


	The Order would supersede an
	exemptive order issued by the Commission on November 25, 2013 (the “


	Prior
	Order


	”)

	7

	 that was granted pursuant to Sections 57(a)(4) and 57(i) and Rule 17d-1,
	with the result that no person will continue to rely on the Prior Order if the Order is granted.


	 


	The relief requested in
	this application for an Order (the “


	Application


	”) would allow a Regulated Entity and one or
	more other Regulated Entities and/or one or more Affiliated Funds to participate in the same investment opportunities through
	a proposed co-investment program where such participation would otherwise be prohibited under Sections 17(d) and 57(a)(4) and
	Rule 17d-1 (the “


	Co-Investment Program


	”).

	8



	 


	A Regulated Entity may, from time
	to time, form one or more Wholly-Owned Investment Subs. Such a subsidiary would be prohibited from investing in a
	Co-Investment Transaction with any Affiliated Fund or another Regulated Entity because it would be a company controlled by
	the Regulated Entity for purposes of Sections 17(d) and 57(a)(4) and Rule 17d-1. Applicants request that each Wholly-Owned
	Investment Sub be permitted to participate in Co-Investment Transactions in lieu of the Regulated Entity that owns it and
	that the Wholly-Owned Investment Sub’s participation in any such transaction be treated, for purposes of the Order, as though the Regulated Entity were participating directly. Applicants represent that this treatment is justified
	because a Wholly-Owned Investment Sub would have no purpose other than serving as a holding vehicle for the Regulated
	Entity’s investments and, therefore, no conflicts of interest could arise between the Regulated Entity and the
	Wholly-Owned Investment Sub. The Regulated Entity’s Board would make all relevant determinations under the conditions
	with regard to a Wholly-Owned Investment Sub’s participation in a Co-Investment Transaction, and the Regulated
	Entity’s Board would be informed of, and take into consideration, any proposed use of a Wholly-Owned Investment Sub in
	the Regulated Entity’s place. If the Regulated Entity proposes to participate in the same Co-Investment Transaction
	with any of its Wholly-Owned Investment Subs, the Board of the Regulated Entity will also be informed of, and take into
	consideration, the relative participation of the Regulated Entity and the Wholly-Owned Investment Sub.


	 






	 





	7


	In
	the Matter of Medley Capital Corporation, et al.,

	 Investment Company Act Release Nos. 30769
	(Oct. 28, 2013) (notice) and 30807 (Nov. 25, 2013) (order).



	8

	A Regulated Entity may, subject to the terms and conditions of the Order, make additional
	investments in securities of issuers, including through the exercise of warrants, conversion privileges, and other rights to purchase
	securities of the issuers (“


	Follow-On Investments


	”).


	 









	4

	 







	 




	 


	All existing entities that currently intend
	to rely on the Order have been named as Applicants. Any other existing or future entity that relies on the Order
	in the future will comply with the terms and conditions of the Application.


	 



	I. 

	APPLICANTS




	 







	A.




	Medley Capital Corporation





	 


	MCC is an externally managed, closed-end,
	non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC. MCC filed a registration statement
	on Form N-2 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “


	1933 Act


	”) in connection with its initial
	public offering, which became effective on January 20, 2011. In addition, MCC has elected to be treated as a regulated investment
	company (“


	RIC


	”) under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “


	Code


	”)
	and intends to continue to qualify as a RIC in the future. MCC’s principal place of business is 280 Park Avenue, 6

	th

	Floor East, New York, New York 10017.


	 


	MCC’s investment objective is to
	generate current income and capital appreciation by lending directly to privately-held middle market companies. MCC’s investments
	are made directly through MCC, and may in the future be made through one or more Wholly-Owned Investment Subs that MCC may establish
	from time to time. Such Wholly-Owned Investment Subs will have Objectives and Strategies (as defined below) that are substantially
	the same as, or a subset of, those of MCC, although the Wholly-Owned Investment Subs will be subject to different regulatory regimes.
	MCC’s portfolio will generally consist of secured loans, and, to a lesser extent, subordinate loans and equity positions
	in situations where they are also a secured lender. MCC seeks to provide customized financing solutions, typically in the form
	of secured loans to corporate and asset-based borrowers, and may utilize structures such as sale leaseback transactions, direct
	asset purchases or other hybrid structures that it believes replicate the economics and risk profile of secured loans. MCC may
	also selectively make subordinated debt and equity investments in borrowers to which they have extended secured debt financing.
	MCC believes that its proposed investment strategy will allow it to generate cash available for distribution to its stockholders
	and to provide competitive total returns to its stockholders.


	 


	MCC’s business and affairs
	are managed under the direction of MCC’s board of directors (the “


	MCC Board


	”). The MCC
	Board currently consists of seven members, four of whom are Independent Directors.


	 


	Each of Brook Taube and
	Seth Taube

	 

	(the


	 “Principals”


	) and Jeff Tonkel serves as a director on
	the MCC Board. The MCC Board delegates daily management and investment authority to MCC Advisors pursuant to
	an investment management agreement (the


	 “Investment




	Management
	Agreement


	”). MCC Advisors also serves as MCC’s administrator pursuant to an administration agreement (the
	“


	Medley Administration Agreement


	”). Seth Taube is not an officer of MCC. Brook Taube serves as
	MCC’s Chief Executive Officer. Jeff Tonkel serves as Medley Management Inc.’s President. None of the Principals
	nor any members of Medley LLC’s senior management team will benefit directly or indirectly from any Co-Investment
	Transaction, other than by virtue of the ownership of securities of MCC and the Affiliated Investment Advisers, and none will
	participate individually in any Co-Investment Transaction.


	 









	5

	 







	 




	 







	B.




	Medley SBIC, LP and Medley SBIC GP, LLC





	 


	Medley SBIC was organized as a limited
	partnership under the laws of the state of Delaware on February 8, 2012, and submitted an application for a license to operate
	as an SBIC under the SBA Act with the SBA on December 9, 2011 (the “


	SBIC Application


	”). Medley SBIC
	has the same investment objective and strategies as MCC, as summarized above.


	 


	On March 26, 2013, Medley SBIC received an
	SBIC license from the SBA. As a result, MCC now has the ability to issue, through Medley SBIC, debentures guaranteed by the SBA
	at favorable interest rates. Medley SBIC will not be registered under the Act based on the exclusion from the definition of investment
	company contained in Section 3(c)(7). MCC directly owns a 100% limited partnership interest in Medley SBIC.


	 


	The SBIC General Partner was organized
	as a limited liability company under the laws of the state of Delaware on February 8, 2012, and is a wholly-owned subsidiary
	of MCC, which is the sole member of the SBIC General Partner. Each of the Principals are managers of the SBIC General Partner.
	MCC may remove the managers of the SBIC General Partner at any time, with or without cause, subject to the approval of the SBA.


	 


	Medley SBIC is functionally a wholly-owned
	subsidiary of MCC because MCC and the SBIC General Partner (which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCC) own all of the equity and
	voting interests in Medley SBIC.


	 


	MCC effectively controls Medley SBIC because
	SBIC General Partner is a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCC. MCC’s Board may remove the managers of SBIC General Partner with
	or without cause, subject to SBA approval. Moreover, MCC owns all of the limited partnership interests of Medley SBIC, and believes
	that its oversight of Medley SBIC is appropriate to protect MCC’s interests. Accordingly, the MCC Board effectively has the
	power to exercise authority and provides oversight with respect to Medley SBIC and will in fact exercise such authority and provide
	such oversight.


	 


	Subject to the overall supervision of the
	MCC Board, MCC Advisors will serve as the investment adviser to Medley SBIC pursuant to a management services agreement dated as
	of March 23, 2012 (as amended and re-approved from time to time by the MCC Board, the “


	Management Services Agreement


	”).


	 


	On March 27, 2012, MCC, Medley SBIC, the
	SBIC General Partner and MCC Advisors filed an application with the Commission for an order pursuant to Section 6(c) granting
	exemptions from Sections 18(a) and 61(a). On November 14, 2012, the Commission issued an order (the “


	SBIC Order


	”)

	9

	 
	permitting MCC to adhere to a modified asset coverage requirement under Section 61 with respect to any direct or indirect
	wholly owned subsidiary of MCC that is an SBIC and relies on section 3(c)(7) for an exemption from the definition of an “investment
	company” under the Act.


	 






	 





	9



	Medley Capital Corporation et.al.

	Investment Company Act Release Nos. 30234 (Oct. 16, 2012) (notice) and 30262 (Nov. 14,
	2012) (order).



	 









	6

	 







	 




	 







	C.




	Sierra Income Corporation





	 


	Sierra is an externally managed, non-diversified
	closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the Act. Sierra filed a registration statement
	on Form N-2 (File No. 333-175624) under the 1933 Act in connection with its initial public offering, which became effective
	on April 16, 2012. Sierra is offering on a best efforts, continuous basis 150,000,000 shares of its common stock. In addition, Sierra intends to make an election to be treated for federal
	income tax purposes as a RIC under the Code, and intends to continue to make such election in the future. Sierra’s principal
	place of business is 280 Park Avenue, 6

	th

	 Floor East, New York, New York 10017.


	 


	Sierra’s investment objective is
	to generate current income and capital appreciation by investing primarily in the debt of privately-held U.S. companies with a
	focus on senior secured debt, second lien debt and, to a lesser extent, subordinated debt. Sierra’s investments are made
	directly through Sierra, and may in the future be made through one or more Wholly-Owned Investment Subs that Sierra may establish
	from time to time. Such Wholly-Owned Investment Subs will have Objectives and Strategies (as defined below) that are substantially
	the same as, or a subset of, those of Sierra, although the Wholly-Owned Investment Subs will be subject to different regulatory
	regimes. Sierra intends to originate transactions sourced through the existing network of its advisor, SIC Advisors, and expects
	to acquire debt securities through the secondary market. Sierra may make equity investments in companies but does not expect this
	to be a substantial portion of its portfolio.


	 


	Sierra’s business and
	affairs are managed under the direction of a board of directors (the 


	“Sierra Board


	”). The
	Sierra Board currently consists of five members, three of whom are Independent Directors.


	Each of the




	Principals serves as an interested director on the Sierra Board. Seth Taube also serves as the Chief Executive Officer of
	Sierra. Jeff Tonkel serves as the President of Sierra. The Sierra Board delegates daily management and investment authority
	to the SIC Advisors pursuant to an investment management agreement (the “


	Sierra Investment Management
	Agreement


	”). Medley Capital LLC serves as Sierra’s administrator pursuant to an administration
	agreement (the 


	“Sierra Administration Agreement


	”). The responsibilities of Medley Capital LLC
	under the Sierra Administration Agreement include overseeing Sierra’s financial records, preparing reports to Sierra
	stockholders and reports filed with the Commission, and generally monitoring the payment of Sierra’s expenses and the
	performance of administrative and professional services rendered to Sierra by others.


	 









	D.




	Sierra Total Return Fund






	 



	STRF is
	an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company registered under the 1940 Act. STRF will
	be operated as an interval fund. STRF filed a registration statement on Form N-2 (File No.s 811-23137 and 333-209496) under
	the 1940 Act and the 1933 Act in connection with its initial public offering. STRF is offering on a best efforts,
	continuous basis 100,000,000 shares of beneficial interest of STRF. In addition, STRF intends
	to make an election to be treated for federal income tax purposes as a RIC under the Code, and intends to continue to make
	such election in the future. STRF’s principal place of business is 280 Park Avenue, 6th Floor East, New York, New York
	10017.


	 




	STRF’s Objectives
	and Strategies are similar to the Objectives and Strategies of each of the other Regulated Entities. STRF’s investment objective
	is to generate total return through a combination of current income and long-term capital appreciation by investing in a portfolio
	of debt securities and equities. STRF intends to meet its investment objectives by investing in the debt of U.S. companies with
	a focus on transactions sourced for STRF by STRF Advisors, including in fixed-income oriented funds. STRF anticipates that a substantial
	portion of its portfolio will consist of senior and subordinated debt. STRF’s debt investments may take the form of corporate
	loans or bonds, may be secured or unsecured and may, in some cases, be accompanied by warrants, options or other forms of equity
	participation. STRF may also allocate capital for investment in any part of the capital structure, including distressed and more
	subordinated positions, where the STRF Advisors believes the borrower and the potential investment present an opportunity for
	risk-adjusted income and returns. STRF may separately purchase common or preferred equity interests in transactions. STRF’s
	portfolio is expected to include fixed-rate investments that generate absolute returns as well as floating-rate investments that
	allow coupons to rise in rising interest rate and inflationary environments. STRF may also invest in non-controlling interests
	in equity and junior debt tranches of collateralized debt obligations, which include collateralized bond
	obligations, collateralized loan obligations and other securitized products, that invest
	principally in loans and fixed-income instruments (or other instruments, including derivative instruments, with similar economic
	characteristics).


	 


	STRF’s business and affairs are
	managed under the direction of a board of trustees (the


	“STRF Board


	”). The STRF Board currently
	consists of five members, three of whom are Independent Directors. Each of the Principals serves as an interested trustee
	on the STRF Board. Seth Taube also serves as the Chief Executive Officer of STRF. Jeff Tonkel serves as the President of
	STRF. The STRF Board delegates daily management and investment authority to the STRF Advisors pursuant to an investment
	management agreement (the “


	STRF Investment Management Agreement


	”). Medley Capital LLC serves as
	Sierra’s administrator pursuant to an administration agreement (the


	“STRF




	Administration
	Agreement


	”). The responsibilities of Medley Capital LLC under the STRF Administration Agreement
	include overseeing STRF’s financial records, preparing reports to STRF stockholders and reports filed with the
	Commission, and generally monitoring the payment of STRF’s expenses and the performance of administrative and
	professional services rendered to STRF.




	 







	E.




	Medley LLC





	 




	Medley LLC is controlled by Medley
	Management Inc., a publicly traded asset management firm, which in turn is controlled by Medley Group LLC, an entity
	controlled by the Principals.


	 









	7

	 







	 




	 







	F.




	The Regulated Entity Advisers, the Existing Affiliated Investment Advisers and Affiliated Investment Advisers





	 



	MCC Advisors. 

	MCC Advisors,
	a Delaware limited liability company that is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act serves as the investment
	adviser to MCC and Medley SBIC pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement and the Management Services Agreement (collectively,
	the “


	Management Agreements


	”). Subject to the overall supervision of the Board, MCC Advisors manages
	the day-to-day operations of, and provides investment advisory and management services to, MCC and Medley SBIC. Under the
	terms of the Management Agreements, MCC Advisors: (i) determines the composition of MCC’s and Medley SBIC’s portfolios,
	the nature and timing of the changes to such portfolios and the manner of implementing such changes; (ii) identifies, evaluates
	and negotiates the structure of the investments that MCC and Medley SBIC make (including performing due diligence on prospective
	portfolio companies); (iii) closes and monitors the investments MCC and Medley SBIC make; and (iv) determines the securities
	and other assets that MCC and Medley SBIC purchases, retains or sells. MCC Advisors’ services under the Management Agreements
	are not exclusive, and it is free to furnish similar services to other entities, consistent with its fiduciary duties to MCC and
	Medley SBIC.


	 


	Pursuant to the Medley Administration Agreement,
	MCC Advisors furnishes MCC with office equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at MCC’s office facilities.
	Under the Medley Administration Agreement, MCC Advisors also performs, or oversees the performance of, MCC’s required administrative
	services, which include, among other things, providing assistance in accounting, legal, compliance, operations, technology and
	investor relations. MCC Advisors is responsible for the financial records that MCC is required to maintain and prepares reports
	to MCC’s stockholders and reports filed with the Commission. In addition, MCC Advisors assists MCC in determining and publishing
	MCC’s net asset value, oversees the preparation and filing of MCC’s tax returns and the printing and dissemination
	of reports to MCC’s stockholders, and generally oversees the payment of MCC’s expenses and the performance of administrative
	and professional services rendered to MCC by others.


	 



	SIC Advisors. 

	SIC Advisors,
	a Delaware limited liability company that is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act, serves as the investment
	adviser to Sierra pursuant to the Sierra Investment Management Agreement. SIC Advisors is a majority owned subsidiary of Medley,
	LLC. Subject to the overall supervision of the Sierra Board, SIC Advisors manages the day-to-day operations of, and provides investment
	advisory and management services to, Sierra. Under the terms of the Sierra Investment Management Agreement, SIC Advisors:
	(i) determines the composition of Sierra’s portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to Sierra’s portfolio
	and the manner of implementing such changes; (ii) identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments Sierra
	makes (including performing due diligence on the Sierra’s prospective portfolio companies); (iii) closes and monitors
	the investments Sierra makes; and (iv) determines the securities and other assets that Sierra purchases, retains or sells. SIC
	Advisors’ services under the Sierra Investment Management Agreement are not exclusive, and it is free to furnish similar
	services to other entities, consistent with its fiduciary duties to Sierra. The Principals are, collectively, majority owners of
	SIC Advisors.


	 





	STRF Advisors.

	STRF Advisors, a
	Delaware limited liability company that is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act, serves as the investment
	adviser to STRF pursuant to the STRF Investment Management Agreement. STRF Advisors is a majority owned subsidiary of Medley,
	LLC. Subject to the overall supervision of the STRF Board, STRF Advisors manages the day-to-day operations of, and provides investment
	advisory and management services to, STRF. Under the terms of the STRF Investment Management Agreement, STRF Advisors: (i) determines
	the composition of STRF’s portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to STRF’s portfolio and the manner of
	implementing such changes; (ii) identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments STRF makes (including performing
	due diligence on the STRF’s prospective portfolio companies); (iii) closes and monitors the investments STRF makes; and
	(iv) determines the securities and other assets that STRF purchases, retains or sells. STRF Advisors’ services under the
	STRF Investment Management Agreement are not exclusive, and it is free to furnish similar services to other entities, consistent
	with its fiduciary duties to STRF. The Principals are, collectively, majority owners of STRF Advisors.




	 









	8

	 







	 




	 



	The Existing Affiliated Investment Advisers. 

	The
	Existing Affiliated Investment Advisers currently serve as investment advisers to the Existing Affiliated Funds. Additionally,
	the Affiliated Investment Advisers may serve as investment adviser to Future Affiliated Funds.


	 


	The Regulated Entity Advisers and the Affiliated
	Investment Advisers are controlled by Medley LLC. The Principals control Medley LLC.


	 







	G.




	Existing Affiliated Funds





	  



	Medley Opportunity Fund II LP



	 


	Medley Opportunity Fund II LP is a Delaware
	limited partnership. MOF II GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, is the general partner of Medley Opportunity Fund II
	LP and MOF II Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, is the investment adviser for Medley Opportunity Fund II LP.
	The Principals are the managing members of MOF II GP LLC and MOF II Management LLC. MOF II GP LLC is responsible for managing the
	business of Medley Opportunity Fund II LP. MOF II Management LLC is responsible for investment advisory services for Medley Opportunity
	Fund II LP. MOF II Management LLC is under common control of Medley LLC. MOF II GP LLC is under common control of Medley GP Holdings
	LLC.


	 


	The investment strategy of Medley Opportunity
	Fund II LP is to generate current income and capital appreciation by lending directly to privately-held middle market companies.
	The investment strategy of Medley Opportunity Fund II LP is similar to the Regulated Entities’ respective investment strategies.


	 



	Medley Opportunity Fund III LP



	 


	Medley Opportunity Fund III LP is a Delaware limited partnership. MOF III GP LLC, a Delaware
	limited liability company, is the general partner of Medley Opportunity Fund III LP and MOF III Management LLC, a Delaware
	limited liability company, is the investment adviser for Medley Opportunity Fund III LP. The Principals are the managing members
	of MOF III GP LLC and MOF III Management LLC. MOF III GP LLC is responsible for managing the business of Medley Opportunity
	Fund III LP. MOF III Management LLC is responsible for investment advisory services for Medley Opportunity Fund III LP. MOF
	III Management LLC is under common control of Medley LLC. MOF III GP LLC is under common control of Medley GP Holdings LLC.


	 


	The investment strategy of Medley Opportunity Fund III LP is to generate current income and capital appreciation by lending
	directly to privately-held middle market companies. The investment strategy of Medley Opportunity Fund III LP is similar to
	the Regulated Entities' respective investment strategies.


	 



	Medley Credit Strategies (KOC) LLC



	 


	Medley Credit Strategies (KOC)
	LLC is a Delaware limited liability company. Medley SMA Advisors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, is the manager
	and the investment adviser for Medley Credit Strategies (KOC) LLC. Medley LLC is the sole member of Medley SMA Advisors LLC.
	Medley SMA Advisors LLC is responsible for investment advisory services for and management of Medley Credit Strategies (KOC)
	LLC. The primary investment strategy of Medley Credit Strategies (KOC) LLC is to generate current income and capital appreciation
	by lending directly to privately-held middle market companies. The investment strategy of Medley Credit Strategies (KOC) LLC
	is similar to the Regulated Entities' respective investment strategies.


	 









	9

	 







	 






	 



	II. 

	RELIEF FOR PROPOSED CO-INVESTMENT TRANSACTIONS




	 







	A.




	Co-Investment in Portfolio Companies by the Regulated Entities and the Affiliated Funds





	 


	It is anticipated that each Regulated Entity
	may co-invest in portfolio companies with one or more Affiliated Funds advised by the Affiliated Investment Advisers and/or one
	or more other Regulated Entities.


	 


	The Regulated Entity Advisers and the Regulated
	Entities believe that determining the allocation of a co-investment opportunity based on a 

	pro rata 

	share of the
	capital available for investment by the applicable Regulated Entities and the Participating Funds provides for the equitable allocation
	of co-investments and takes into account the current capacity of such Regulated Entities and Participating Funds to make the type
	of investment presented by the co-investment opportunity.


	 






	1.


	Reasons for Co-Investing




	 


	It is anticipated that co-investment in
	portfolio companies by the Regulated Entities and the Affiliated Funds should increase the number of favorable investment opportunities
	for the Regulated Entities. The Co-Investment Program will be implemented if it is approved by a Required Majority (as defined
	below) of the applicable Regulated Entity.


	 


	The Regulated Entity Advisers expect that
	co-investment by the Regulated Entities and the Affiliated Funds, or among the Regulated Entities themselves, will provide the
	Regulated Entities with the ability to achieve greater diversification and, together with the Affiliated Funds, the opportunity
	to exercise greater influence on the portfolio companies in which the Regulated Entities and the Participating Funds co-invest.


	 


	A BDC that makes investments of the type
	contemplated by the Regulated Entities typically limits its participation in any one transaction to a specific dollar amount,
	which may be determined by legal or internally imposed limits on exposure in a single investment. In addition, the Code imposes
	diversification requirements on companies, such as the Regulated Entities, which seek certain favorable tax treatment under Subchapter
	M of the Code.

	10

	 In view of the foregoing, in cases when a Regulated Entity Adviser identifies investment opportunities
	requiring larger capital commitments it must seek the participation of other entities with similar investment styles. The availability
	of the Affiliated Funds and/or other Regulated Entities as investing partners of a Regulated Entity may alleviate the necessity
	in certain circumstances.


	 


	Without the opportunity for co-investment,
	each Regulated Entity, acting alone, might have to forego some investment opportunities if the respective Regulated Entity cannot
	provide all of the financing required by a potential portfolio company. Portfolio companies may reject an offer of funding arranged
	by A Regulated Entity Adviser as a result of the Regulated Entity’s inability to commit the entire amount of financing required
	by the portfolio company in a timely manner. By reducing the number of instances in which a Regulated Entity’s individual
	or aggregate investment limits require the Regulated Entity Adviser to arrange a syndicated financing with unaffiliated entities,
	the Regulated Entities likely will be required to forego fewer attractive investment opportunities. With the assets of the Affiliated
	Funds along with the assets of the other Regulated Entities available for co-investment, there should be an increase in the number
	of opportunities accessible to each Regulated Entity.


	 






	 





	10


	See I.R.C. Section 851(b)(3).



	 









	10

	 







	 




	 


	The Regulated Entity Advisers and the Board
	of each of the Regulated Entities believe that it would be desirable for the Regulated Entities to co-invest with other Regulated
	Entities and with the Affiliated Funds, and that such investments would be consistent with the investment objective, investment
	policies, investment positions, investment strategies, investment restrictions, regulatory requirements, and other pertinent factors
	applicable to the Regulated Entities.


	 


	At least quarterly, the Board of each of
	the Regulated Entities will review the rationale for the Co-Investment Program and evaluate whether the program remains important
	to the Regulated Entities.


	 






	2.


	Mechanics of the Co-Investment Program




	 


	In selecting investments for each Regulated
	Entity, the Regulated Entity Advisers will consider the investment objective, investment policies, investment position, capital
	available for investment, and other factors relevant to the respective Regulated Entities they advise. Similarly, in selecting
	investments for the Affiliated Funds, the Affiliated Investment Adviser will choose investments separately for each entity, considering,
	in each case, the investment objective, investment policies, investment position, capital available for investment, and other factors
	relevant to that particular investing entity. The Regulated Entity Advisers expect that any portfolio company that is an appropriate
	investment for a Regulated Entity should also be an appropriate investment for one or more other Regulated Entities and/or one
	or more Affiliated Funds, with certain exceptions based on available capital or diversification. The Regulated Entities, however,
	will not be obligated to invest, or co-invest, when investment opportunities are referred to them.


	 


	The Regulated Entity Adviser, as applicable,
	will present each Proposed Co-Investment Transaction and the proposed allocation of each investment opportunity to the directors
	of the relevant Regulated Entity’s Board that are eligible to vote under Section 57(o) (the “


	Eligible Directors


	”).
	The “required majority,” as defined in Section 57(o) (“


	Required Majority


	”) of a Regulated
	Entity will approve each Co-Investment Transaction prior to any investment by the Regulated Entity. No Independent Director will
	have any direct or indirect financial interest in any Co-Investment Transaction or any interest in any portfolio company, other
	than through an interest (if any) in the securities of the Regulated Entity.


	 


	All subsequent activity (i.e., exits or
	Follow-On Investments) in a Co-Investment Transaction will be made in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this
	Application.


	 









	11

	 







	 




	 



	A Regulated
	Entity may participate in a pro rata disposition or Follow-On Investment without obtaining prior approval of the Required Majority
	if, among other things: (i) the proposed participation of each Regulated Entity and Affiliated Fund is proportionate to its outstanding
	investments in the issuer immediately preceding the disposition or Follow-On Investment, as the case may be; and (ii) the board
	of directors of the Regulated Entity has approved that Regulated Entity’s participation in pro rata dispositions and Follow-On
	Investments as being in the best interests of the Regulated Entity. If the Board has not given such approval in advance, any such
	disposition or Follow-On Investment will be submitted to the Regulated Entity’s Eligible Directors.

	The Board of a
	Regulated Entity may at any time rescind, suspend or qualify its approval of pro rata dispositions and Follow-On Investments with
	the result that all dispositions and/or Follow-On Investments must be submitted to the Eligible Directors.


	 


	The Co-Investment Program stipulates that
	the terms, conditions, price, class of securities, settlement date, and registration rights applicable to the applicable Regulated
	Entity’s purchase be the same as those applicable to the purchase by the other Regulated Entities and/or Participating Funds.


	 


	The amount of each Regulated Entity’s
	capital available for investment will be determined based on the amount of cash on hand, existing commitments and reserves, if
	any, the targeted leverage level, targeted asset mix and other investment policies and restrictions set from time to time by the
	Board of the applicable Regulated Entity or imposed by applicable laws, rules, regulations or interpretations. Likewise, an Affiliated
	Fund’s capital available for investment is determined based on the amount of cash on hand, existing commitments and reserves,
	if any, the targeted leverage level, targeted asset mix and other investment policies and restrictions set by the Affiliated Fund’s
	directors, general partners or adviser or imposed by applicable laws, rules, regulations or interpretations.


	 







	B.




	Applicable Law





	 






	1.


	Sections 17(d), 57(a)(4) and 57(i), and Rule 17d-1




	 


	Section 17(d) of the 1940 Act generally prohibits an affiliated person (as defined in Section 2(a)(3) of
	the 1940 Act), or an affiliated person of such affiliated person, of a registered closed-end investment company acting as principal,
	from effecting any transaction in which the registered closed-end investment company is a joint or a joint and several participant,
	in contravention of such rules as the Commission may prescribe for the purpose of limiting or preventing participation by
	the registered closed-end investment company on a basis different from or less advantageous than that of such other participant.
	Rule 17d-1 under the 1940 Act generally prohibits participation by a registered investment company and an affiliated person
	(as defined in Section 2(a)(3) of the 1940 Act) or principal underwriter for that investment company, or an affiliated
	person of such affiliated person or principal underwriter, in any “joint enterprise or other joint arrangement or profit-sharing
	plan,” as defined in the rule, without prior approval by the Commission by order upon application.


	 


	Similarly, with regard
	to BDCs, Section 57(a)(4) makes it unlawful for any person who is related to a BDC in a manner described in
	Section 57(b), acting as principal, knowingly to effect any transaction in which the BDC or a company controlled by such
	BDC is a joint or a joint and several participant with that person in contravention of rules and regulations as the
	Commission may prescribe for the purpose of limiting or preventing participation by the BDC or controlled company on a basis
	less advantageous than that of the other participant. Although the Commission has not adopted any rules expressly under
	Section 57(a)(4), Section 57(i) provides that the rules under Section 17(d) applicable to registered
	closed-end investment companies (

	e.g.

	, Rule 17d-1) are, in the interim, deemed to apply to transactions subject
	to Section 57(a). Rule 17d-1, as made applicable to BDCs by Section 57(i), prohibits any person who is related
	to a BDC in a manner described in Section 57(b), as modified by Rule 57b-1, acting as principal, from participating
	in, or effecting any transaction in connection with, any joint enterprise or other joint arrangement or profit-sharing plan
	in which the BDC or a company controlled by such BDC is a participant, unless an application regarding the joint enterprise,
	arrangement, or profit-sharing plan has been filed with the Commission and has been granted by an order entered prior to the
	submission of the plan or any modification thereof to security holders for approval, or prior to its adoption or modification
	if not so submitted.


	 









	12

	 







	 




	 


	In passing upon applications under Rule 17d-1,
	the Commission will consider whether the participation by the BDC or controlled company in such joint transaction is consistent
	with the provisions, policies, and purposes of the Act and the extent to which such participation is on a basis different from
	or less advantageous than that of other participants.


	 






	2.


	Section 57(b) and Rule 57b-1




	 


	Section 57(b), as modified by Rule 57b-1,
	specifies the persons to whom the prohibitions of Section 57(a)(4) apply. These persons include the following: (1) any
	director, officer, employee, or member of an advisory board of a BDC or any person (other than the BDC itself) who is, within the
	meaning of Section 2(a)(3)(C), an affiliated person of any such person; or (2) any investment adviser or promoter of,
	general partner in, principal underwriter for, or person directly or indirectly either controlling, controlled by, or under common
	control with a BDC (except the BDC itself and any person who, if it were not directly or indirectly controlled by the BDC, would
	not be directly or indirectly under the control of a person who controls the BDC), or any person who is, within the meaning of
	Section 2(a)(3)(C) or (D), an affiliated person of such person.


	 


	Rule 57b-1 exempts certain persons
	otherwise related to a BDC in a manner described in Section 57(b)(2) from being subject to the prohibitions of Section 57(a). Specifically,
	this rule states that the provisions of Section 57(a) shall not apply to any person: (a) solely because that person
	is directly or indirectly controlled by a BDC; or (b) solely because that person is directly or indirectly controlling, controlled
	by, or under common control with, a person described in (a) of the rule or is an officer, director, partner, copartner, or
	employee of a person described in (a) of the rule.


	 


	Section 2(a)(9) defines “control”
	as the power to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of a company, unless such power is solely the
	result of an official position with such company. The statute also sets forth the interpretation that any person who owns
	beneficially, either directly or through one or more controlled companies, more than 25 percent of the voting securities of a company
	shall be presumed to control such company; any person who does not so own more than 25 percent of the voting securities of a company
	shall be presumed not to control such company; and a natural person shall be presumed not to be a controlled person.


	 


	Sections 2(a)(3)(C) and (D) define
	an “affiliated person” of another person as: (C) any person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled
	by, or under common control with, such other person; and (D) any officer, director, partner, copartner, or employee of such
	other person.


	 









	13

	 







	 




	 







	C.




	Need for Relief





	 


	Co-Investment Transactions may
	be prohibited by Sections 17(d) and/or 57(a)(4) and Rule 17d-1 without a prior order of the Commission to the extent
	that the Affiliated Funds and the other Regulated Entities fall within the category of persons described by
	Section 17(d) and Section 57(b), as modified by Rule 57b-1 thereunder, vis-à-vis each Regulated Entity.


	 


	First, the Regulated Entities and the Affiliated
	Funds may be deemed to be affiliated persons within the meaning of Section 2(a)(3). An Existing Affiliated Investment Adviser
	is the investment adviser to each of the Affiliated Funds. A Regulated Entity Investment Adviser is the investment adviser to each
	of the Regulated Entities. The Existing Affiliated Investment Advisers and the Regulated Entity Advisers are each under the common
	control of Medley LLC. To the extent that the Regulated Entities and the Affiliated Funds may be deemed to be controlled by or
	under the common control with the Regulated Entity Advisers, the Regulated Entities and the Affiliated Funds may be deemed affiliated
	persons within the meaning of Section 2(a)(3).


	 


	Second, each Regulated Entity may be deemed
	to be affiliated persons of each other Regulated Entity within the meaning of Section 2(a)(3). A Regulated Entity Adviser
	is the investment adviser to each of the Regulated Entities. To the extent that a Regulated Entity may be deemed to be controlled
	by or under common control with each of the Regulated Entity Advisers, each Regulated Entity may be deemed affiliated persons of
	each other Regulated Entity within the meaning of Section 2(a)(3).


	 







	D.




	Requested Relief





	 


	Accordingly, Applicants respectfully request
	an Order of the Commission, pursuant to Sections 17(d) and 57(i) and Rule 17d-1, permitting (a) the Existing
	Affiliated Funds, and any Future Affiliated Funds, to participate with one or more Regulated Entities in Co-Investment Transactions,
	and (b) the Regulated Entities to participate in Co-Investment Transactions with each other.


	 







	E.




	Precedents





	 


	The Commission has granted co-investment
	relief on numerous occasions in recent years.

	11

	 Applicants submit that the formulae and procedures set forth as conditions
	for the relief requested herein are consistent with the range of investor protection found in the cited orders. We note,
	in particular, that the co-investment protocol to be followed by the Applicants here is substantially similar to the protocol
	followed by Medley Capital Corporation and its affiliates, for which an order was granted on November 25, 2013.

	12

	 We also note that
	the Commission has granted co-investment relief to permit a BDC and its SBIC subsidiary to co-invest with another fund.

	12



	 




	 








	11

	See,
	e.g.,


	OHA Investment Corporation, et al.

	(File No. 812-14482) Release No. IC-32094 (April 25, 2016) (order), Release
	No. IC-32061 (March 30, 2016) (notice);

	NexPoint Capital, Inc., et al.

	(File No. 812-14430) Release No. IC-32078 (April
	29, 2016) (order), Release No. IC-32048 (March 24, 2016) (notice); 

	Crescent Capital BDC Inc., et al.

	(File No. 812-14454)
	Release No. IC-32056 (March 29, 2012) (order), Release No. IC-32018 (March 2, 2016) (notice)

	Alcentra Capital Corporation,
	et al.


	 

	(File No. 812-14374)
	Release No. IC-31951 (December 30, 2015) (order), Release No. IC-31927 (December 4, 2015) (notice);

	 


	Harvest
	Capital Credit Corporation, et al.


	 

	(File No. 812-14365)
	Release No. IC-31930 (December 10, 2015) (order), Release No. IC-31860 (October 5, 2015) (notice);

	THL
	Credit, Inc., et al.


	 

	(File No. 812-14256),
	Release No. IC-31929 (December 8, 2015) (order), Release No. IC-31899 (November 10, 2015) (notice);

	 


	Full
	Circle Capital Corporation, et al.


	 

	(File No. 812-14396)
	Release No. IC-31837 (September 23, 2015) (order), Release No. IC-31799 (August 28, 2015) (notice);

	 


	Business
	Development Corporation of America, et al.


	 

	(File No. 812-14368)
	Release No. IC-31738 (August 5, 2015) (order), Release No. IC-31598 (May 11, 2015) (notice);

	 


	Benefit
	Street Partners BDC, Inc., et al

	. (File No. 812-14126) Release No. IC-31686 (June 23, 2015) (order), Release
	No. IC- 31651 (May 27, 2015) (notice);

	 


	TCW Direct
	Lending LLC, et al.


	 

	(File No. 812-14382) Release
	No. IC-31649 (May 27, 2015) (order), Release No. IC-31589 (April 30, 2015) (notice);

	 


	Garrison
	Capital Inc., et al.


	 

	(File No. 812-14097) Release
	No. IC-31409 (January 12, 2015) (order), Release No. IC-31373 (December 15, 2014) (notice);

	Medley Capital
	Corporation, et al.

	(File No. 812-14020), Release No. IC-30807 (November 25, 2013) (order), Release No. IC-30769 (October
	28, 2013) (notice).











	12

	Main Street Capital Corporation et. al., Investment
	Company Act Release Nos. 28265 (May 8, 2008) (notice) and 28295 (June 3, 2008) (order).




	 









	14

	 







	 




	 







	F.




	Applicants’ Legal Arguments





	 


	Rule 17d-1 was promulgated by the
	Commission pursuant to Section 17(d) and made applicable to BDCs by Section 57(i). Paragraph (a) of Rule 17d-1
	permits an otherwise prohibited person, acting as principal, to participate in, or effect a transaction in connection with, a joint
	enterprise or other joint arrangement or profit-sharing plan in which a BDC is a participant if an application regarding the joint
	enterprise, arrangement, or profit-sharing plan has been filed with the Commission and has been granted by an order issued prior
	to the submission of such plan or any modification thereof to security holders for approval, or prior to its adoption or modification
	if not so submitted. Paragraph (b) of Rule 17d-1 states that in passing upon applications under that rule, the Commission
	will consider whether the participation by the investment company in such joint enterprise, joint arrangement, or profit-sharing
	plan on the basis proposed is consistent with the provisions, policies, and purposes of the Act and the extent to which such participation
	is on a basis different from or less advantageous than that of other participants.


	 


	Applicants submit that the fact that the
	Required Majority of each Regulated Entity will approve each Co-Investment Transaction before the investment is made, and other
	protective conditions set forth in this Application will ensure that the Regulated Entities will be treated fairly. Each Regulated
	Entity would have the ability to engage in Follow-On Investments in a fair manner consistent with the protections of the other
	conditions.


	 


	If the Regulated Entity Advisers or
	the Principals, or any person controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Regulated Entity Advisers or the
	Principals, and the Affiliated Funds (collectively, the “


	Holders


	”) own in the aggregate more than
	25 percent of the outstanding voting shares of a Regulated Entity (the “


	Shares


	”), then the Holders
	will vote such Shares as directed by an independent third party when voting on (1) the election of
	directors; (2) the removal of one or more directors; or (3) any other matter under either the Act or applicable
	state law affecting the Board’s composition, size or manner of election.


	 


	Applicants believe that this condition
	will ensure that the Independent Directors will act independently in evaluating the Co-Investment Program, because the ability
	of the Regulated Entity Advisers or the Principals to influence the Independent Directors by a suggestion, explicit or implied,
	that the Independent Directors can be removed will be limited significantly. The Independent Directors shall evaluate and approve
	any independent third party, taking into account its qualifications, reputation for independence, cost to the shareholders,
	and other factors that they deem relevant.


	 









	15

	 







	 




	 


	The conditions to which the
	requested relief will be subject are designed to ensure that the Regulated Entity Advisers, the Affiliated Investment
	Advisers or the Principals would not be able to favor the Affiliated Funds over the Regulated Entities (or one Regulated
	Entity over another) through the allocation of investment opportunities among them. 

	To
	the extent there is an investment that falls within the Objectives and Strategies of a Regulated Entity and one or more other
	Regulated Entities and/or the investment objectives and strategies of one or more Affiliated Funds, it is expected that a
	Regulated Entity will co-invest with one or more other Regulated Entities and/or one or more Affiliated Funds, with certain
	exceptions based on available capital or diversification. The Regulated Entities, however, will not be obligated to invest,
	or co-invest, when investment opportunities are referred to them.

	Applicants submit that the Co-Investment Program
	presents an attractive alternative to the institution of some form of equitable allocation protocol for the allocation of
	100% of individual investment opportunities to either one Regulated Entity or the Affiliated Funds as opportunities
	arise.


	 


	Applicants submit that the Regulated Entities’
	participation in the Co-Investment Transactions will be consistent with the provisions, policies, and purposes of the Act and on
	a basis that is not different from or less advantageous than that of other participants. Applicants believe that the conditions
	will ensure that the Regulated Entity Advisers, the Affiliated Investment Advisers and the Principals would not be able to favor
	the Affiliated Funds over the Regulated Entities (or one Regulated Entity over another) through the allocation of investment opportunities
	among them because, as a guiding principle, the conditions permit a co-investment transaction only if the Eligible Directors have
	made a determination that the proposed investment would not benefit an affiliated person other than the fund participating in the
	transaction and then only to the extent strictly permitted by the conditions.


	 




	After making the determinations required
	in conditions 1 and 2(a), other than in the case of pro rata dispositions and Follow-On Investments as provided for in conditions
	7 and 8, the applicable Regulated Entity Adviser will present each Potential Co-Investment Transaction and the proposed allocation
	to the Eligible Directors, and the Required Majority will approve each Co-Investment Transaction prior to any investment by the
	Regulated Entity.


	 



	Applicants
	believe that participation by the Regulated Entities in pro rata dispositions and Follow-On Investments, as provided in conditions
	7 and 8, is consistent with the provisions, policies and purposes of the Act and will not be made on a basis different from or
	less advantageous than that of other participants. A formulaic approach, such as pro rata dispositions and Follow-On Investments,
	eliminates the discretionary ability to make allocation determinations, and in turn eliminates the possibility for overreaching
	and promotes fairness. 



	 







	G.




	Conditions





	 


	Applicants agree that any order of the
	Commission granting the requested relief will be subject to the following conditions:


	 


	1. Each time a Regulated Entity Adviser
	or an Affiliated Investment Adviser considers a Potential Co-Investment Transaction for an Affiliated Fund or another Regulated
	Entity that falls within the then-current Objectives and Strategies of a Regulated Entity,

	13

	 the appropriate Regulated
	Entity Adviser will make an independent determination of the appropriateness of the investment for the Regulated Entity in light
	of the Regulated Entity’s then-current circumstances.


	 


	2. (a) If a Regulated Entity Adviser deems
	a Regulated Entity’s participation in any Potential Co-Investment Transaction to be appropriate for such Regulated Entity,
	it will then determine an appropriate level of investment for such Regulated Entity.



	 



	(b) If the aggregate amount recommended
	by Regulated Entity Advisers to be invested by the Regulated Entities in such Potential Co-Investment Transaction, together with
	the amount proposed to be invested by each Participating Fund, collectively, in the same transaction, exceeds the amount of the
	investment opportunity, the amount proposed to be invested by each such party will be allocated among them 

	pro rata

	 based
	on each participating party’s capital available for investment in the asset class being allocated, up to the amount proposed
	to be invested by each. The Regulated Entity Advisers will provide the respective Eligible Directors with information concerning
	each party’s available capital to assist the Eligible Directors with their review of such Regulated Entity’s investments
	for compliance with these allocation procedures.


	 






	 





	13


	“


	Objectives and Strategies


	” means the Regulated Entity’s investment objectives and strategies,
	as described in the Regulated Entity’s registration statement on Form N-2, other filings the Regulated Entity has made with
	the Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “1933 Act”), or under the Securities Exchange Act
	of 1934, as amended, and the Regulated Entity’s reports to stockholders.



	 









	16

	 







	 




	 


	(c) After making the determinations required
	in conditions 1 and 2(a), the Regulated Entity Advisers will distribute written information concerning the Potential Co-Investment
	Transaction, including the amount proposed to be invested by each Regulated Entity and any Participating Fund, to the Eligible
	Directors of the each participating Regulated Entity for their consideration. A Regulated Entity will co-invest with another Regulated
	Entity and/or any Participating Fund only if, prior to participating in the Potential Co-Investment Transaction, a Required Majority
	of the Regulated Entity concludes that:


	 


	(i)

	the terms
	of the transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to the Regulated Entity and its stockholders
	and do not involve overreaching in respect of the Regulated Entity or its stockholders on the part of any person concerned

	;


	 


	(ii)
	the transaction is consistent with


	 


	(A)
	the interests of the Regulated Entity’s stockholders; and


	 


	(B) the Regulated Entity’s
	then-current Objectives and Strategies.


	 


	(iii) the investment by another Regulated
	Entity or one or more Participating Funds would not disadvantage the Regulated Entity, and participation by such Regulated Entity
	is not on a basis different from or less advantageous than that of any Participating Fund or other Regulated Entity; 

	provided

	that, if any Participating Fund or other Regulated Entity, but not the Regulated Entity itself, gains the right to nominate
	a director for election to a portfolio company’s board of directors or the right to have a board observer or any similar
	right to participate in the governance or management of the portfolio company, such event shall not be interpreted to prohibit
	the Required Majority from reaching the conclusions required by this condition (2)(c)(iii), if


	 


	(A) the Eligible Directors shall
	have the right to ratify the selection of such director or board observer, if any;


	 


	(B) the Regulated Entity Adviser
	agrees to, and does, provide periodic reports to the Board of the applicable Regulated Entity with respect to the actions of such
	director or the information received by such board observer or obtained through the exercise of any similar right to participate
	in the governance or management of the portfolio company; and


	 


	(C) any fees or other compensation
	that any other Regulated Entity or any Participating Fund or any affiliated person of either receives in connection with the right
	of a Participating Fund or other Regulated Entity to nominate a director or appoint a board observer or otherwise to participate
	in the governance or management of the portfolio company will be shared proportionately among any Participating Funds (who may,
	in turn, share their portion with their affiliated persons) and the participating Regulated Entities in accordance with the amount
	of each party’s investment; and


	 









	17

	 







	 




	 


	(iv) the proposed investment by the Regulated
	Entity will not benefit the Regulated Entity Advisers, the Affiliated Funds or other Regulated Entities, or any affiliated person
	of any of them (other than the other parties to the Co-Investment Transaction), except (a) to the extent permitted by condition
	13; (b) to the extent permitted by Sections 17(e) or 57(k), as applicable; (c) indirectly, as a result of an interest
	in securities issued by one of the parties to the Co-Investment Transaction; or (d) in the case of fees or other compensation
	described in condition 2(c)(iii)(C).


	 


	3. Each Regulated Entity has the right
	to decline to participate in any Potential Co-Investment Transaction or to invest less than the amount proposed.


	 


	4. The Regulated Entity Advisers will present
	to the Board of each Regulated Entity, as applicable, on a quarterly basis, a record of all investments in Potential Co-Investment
	Transactions made by the Affiliated Funds and other Regulated Entities during the preceding quarter that fell within the Regulated
	Entity’s then-current Objectives and Strategies that were not made available to the respective Regulated Entity, and an explanation
	of why the investment opportunities were not offered to the Regulated Entity. All information presented to the Board pursuant
	to this condition will be kept for the life of the Regulated Entity and at least two years thereafter, and will be subject to examination
	by the Commission and its staff.


	 


	5. Except for Follow-On Investments made
	pursuant to condition 8 below

	14

	, a Regulated Entity will not invest in reliance on the Order in any portfolio company
	in which any other Regulated Entity, any Affiliated Fund, or any affiliated person of any other Regulated Entity or Affiliated
	Fund is an existing investor.


	 


	6. A Regulated Entity will not participate
	in any Potential Co-Investment Transaction unless the terms, conditions, price, class of securities to be purchased, settlement
	date and registration rights will be the same for such Regulated Entity as for the Participating Funds and/or other Regulated Entities.
	The grant to an Affiliated Fund or another Regulated Entity, but not such Regulated Entity, of the right to nominate a director
	for election to a portfolio company’s board of directors, the right to have an observer on the board of directors or similar
	rights to participate in the governance or management of the portfolio company will not be interpreted so as to violate this condition
	6, if conditions 2(c)(iii)(A), (B) and (C) are met.


	 


	7. (a) If any Regulated Entity or Participating
	Fund elects to sell, exchange, or otherwise dispose of an interest in a security that was acquired in a Co-Investment Transaction,
	then:


	 


	(i) the investment adviser to such Regulated
	Entity or Participating Fund will notify each other Regulated Entity that participated in the Co-Investment Transaction of the
	proposed disposition at the earliest practical time; and


	 






	 







	14

	This exception applies only to Follow-On Investments
	by a Regulated Entity in issuers in which that Regulated Entity already holds investments. 


	 









	18

	 







	 




	 


	(ii) the investment adviser to each other
	Regulated Entity that participated in the Co-Investment Transaction will formulate a recommendation as to participation by such
	Regulated Entity in the disposition.


	 


	(b) Each Regulated Entity will have the
	right to participate in such disposition on a proportionate basis, at the same price and on the same terms and conditions as those
	applicable to any Participating Funds and any other Regulated Entities.


	 


	(c) A Regulated Entity
	may participate in such disposition without obtaining prior approval of the Required Majority if: (i) the
	proposed participation of each Regulated Entity and the Participating Funds in such disposition is proportionate to its
	outstanding investments in the issuer immediately preceding the disposition; (ii) the Board of the applicable Regulated
	Entity has approved as being in the best interests of the applicable Regulated Entity the ability to participate in such
	dispositions on a 

	pro rata

	 basis (as described in greater detail in this Application); and (iii) the
	Board of the applicable Regulated Entity is provided on a quarterly basis with a list of all Follow-On Investments made in accordance with this condition. In all other cases, the applicable Regulated Entity Adviser will provide
	its written recommendation as to such Regulated Entity’s participation to the Eligible Directors, and such Regulated
	Entity will participate in such disposition solely to the extent that a Required Majority determines that it is in such
	Regulated Entity’s best interests.


	 


	(d) Each Regulated Entity and each of the
	Participating Funds will bear its own expenses in connection with any such disposition.


	 


	8. (a) If any Regulated Entity or Participating
	Fund desires to make a Follow-On Investment in a portfolio company whose securities were acquired in a Co-Investment Transaction,
	then:


	 


	(i) the investment adviser to such Regulated
	Entity or Participating Fund will notify each other Regulated Entity that participated in the Co-Investment Transaction of the
	proposed transaction at the earliest practical time; and


	 


	(ii) the investment adviser to each other
	Regulated Entity that participated in the Co-Investment Transaction will formulate a recommendation as to the proposed participation,
	including the amount of the proposed investment, by such Regulated Entity.


	 


	(b) A Regulated Entity may
	participate in such Follow-On Investment without obtaining prior approval of the Required Majority if: (i) the proposed
	participation of each Regulated Entity and Participating Fund in such investment is proportionate to its outstanding
	investments in the issuer immediately preceding the Follow-On Investment; (ii) the Board of the applicable Regulated
	Entity has approved as being in the best interests of such Regulated Entity the ability to participate in Follow-On
	Investments on a pro rata basis (as described in greater detail in this Application); and (iii) the Board of the applicable Regulated Entity is provided on a quarterly
	basis with a list of all dispositions made in accordance with this condition. In all other cases, the
	applicable Regulated Entity Adviser will provide its written recommendation as to such Regulated Entity’s participation
	to the Eligible Directors, and such Regulated Entity will participate in such follow-on investment solely to the extent that
	a Required Majority determines that it is in such Regulated Entity’s best interests.


	 









	19

	 







	 




	 


	(c) If, with respect to any follow-on
	investment:


	 


	(i) the amount of the opportunity is not
	based on the Regulated Entities’ and the Participating Funds’ outstanding investments immediately preceding the follow-on
	investment; and


	 


	(ii) the aggregate amount recommended
	by the applicable Regulated Entity Adviser to be invested by each Regulated Entity in such Co-Investment Transaction, together
	with the amount proposed to be invested by the Participating Funds and/or other Regulated Entity, collectively, in the same transaction,
	exceeds the amount of the investment opportunity, then the amount to be invested by each such party will be allocated among them 

	pro
	rata

	 based on each party’s capital available for investment in the asset class being allocated, up to the amount
	proposed to be invested by each.


	 


	(d) The acquisition of Follow-On Investments as permitted by this condition will be considered
	a Co-Investment Transaction for all purposes and be subject to the other conditions set forth in the Application.


	 


	9. The Independent Directors of each Regulated
	Entity will be provided quarterly for review all information concerning Potential Co-Investment Transactions and Co-Investment
	Transactions, including investments made by other Regulated Entities or Affiliated Funds that the Regulated Entity considered
	but declined to participate in, so that the Independent Directors may determine whether all investments made during the preceding
	quarter, including those investments that the Regulated Entity considered but declined to participate in, comply with the conditions
	of the Order. In addition, the Independent Directors will consider at least annually the continued appropriateness for
	the Regulated Entities of participating in new and existing Co-Investment Transactions.


	 


	10.

	Each Regulated
	Entity will maintain the records required by section 57(f)(3) as if each of the Regulated Entities were a BDC and each of the
	investments permitted under these conditions were approved by the Required Majority under section 57(f).




	 




	11. No Independent
	Director of a Regulated Entity will also be a director, general partner, managing member or principal, or otherwise an “affiliated
	person” (as defined in the Act) of, any of the Affiliated Funds.




	 




	12. The expenses,
	if any, associated with acquiring, holding or disposing of any securities acquired in a Co-Investment Transaction (including,
	without limitation, the expenses of the distribution of any such securities registered for sale under the 1933 Act) shall, to
	the extent not payable by the Regulated Entity Advisers or the Affiliated Investment Advisers under their respective investment
	advisory agreements with the Regulated Entities and the Participating Funds, be shared by the applicable Regulated Entities and
	the Participating Funds in proportion to the relative amounts of their securities held or being acquired or disposed of, as the
	case may be.




	 










	20

	 







	 




	 



	13. Any
	transaction fee (including break-up or commitment fees but excluding brokers’ fees contemplated by
	Section 57(k)(2) or 17(e)(2), as applicable) received in connection with a Co-Investment Transaction will be distributed
	to the applicable Regulated Entities and the Participating Funds on a 

	pro rata

	 basis based on the amounts
	each invested or committed, as the case may be, in such Co-Investment Transaction. If any transaction fee is to be held by a
	Regulated Entity Adviser or an Affiliated Investment Adviser pending consummation of the transaction, the fee will be
	deposited into an account maintained by the Regulated Entity Adviser or such other adviser, as the case may be, at a bank or
	banks having the qualifications prescribed in Section 26(a)(1), and the account will earn a competitive rate of interest
	that will also be divided 

	pro rata 

	among each applicable Regulated Entity and each Participating Fund based
	on the amount each invests in such Co-Investment Transaction. None of the Affiliated Funds, Regulated Entity Advisers,
	Affiliated Investment Advisers, or any affiliated person of any of the Regulated Entities will receive additional
	compensation or remuneration of any kind (other than (a) in the case of the Regulated Entities and the Participating
	Funds, the 

	pro rata

	transaction fees described above and fees or other compensation described in
	condition 2(c)(iii)(C) and (b) in the case of the Regulated Entity Advisers and the Affiliated Advisers, investment
	advisory fees paid in accordance with the Regulated Entities’ and Affiliated Funds’ governing agreements) as a
	result of or in connection with a Co-Investment Transaction.



	 


	14. If the Regulated Entity Advisers,
	the Principals, any person controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Regulated Entity Advisers or the Principals,
	and the Affiliated Funds (collectively, the “


	Holders


	”) own in the aggregate more than 25% of the outstanding
	voting securities of a Regulated Entity (“


	Shares


	”), then the Holders will vote such Shares as directed
	by an independent third party when voting on (1) the election
	of directors; (2) the removal of one or more directors; or (3) any other matter under either the Act or applicable state
	law affecting the Board’s composition, size or manner of election.


	 


	15.

	The Regulated
	Entity Advisers and the Affiliated Investment Advisers will maintain written policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure
	compliance with the foregoing conditions. These policies and procedures will require, among other things, that each Regulated
	Entity Adviser will be notified of all Potential Co-Investment Transactions that fall within the then-current Objectives and Strategies
	of any Regulated Entity it advises and will be given sufficient information to make its independent determination and recommendations
	under conditions 1, 2(a), 7 and 8.












	21

	 







	 




	 




	III. PROCEDURAL MATTERS




	 







	A.




	Communications





	 


	Please address all communications concerning
	this Application and the Notice and Order to:


	 


	Brook Taube


	Medley Capital Corporation


	Seth Taube


	Sierra Income Corporation

	Sierra Total Return Fund


	280 Park Avenue, 6

	th

	Floor East


	New York, NY 10017


	(212) 759-0777


	 


	Please address any questions, and a copy
	of any communications, concerning this Application, the Notice and Order to:


	 


	Steven B. Boehm, Esq.


	Harry S. Pangas, Esq.


	Payam Siadatpour, Esq.


	Sutherland Asbill & Brennan LLP


	700 6

	th

	Street, N.W.


	Washington, DC 20001


	(202) 383-0100


	 







	B.




	Authorization





	 


	Pursuant to Rule 0-2(c) under
	the Act, Applicants hereby state that each of MCC, Sierra and STRF, by resolution duly adopted on July 21, 2016 (attached
	hereto as Exhibits A, B and C), have authorized to cause to be prepared and to execute and file with the Commission
	this Application and any amendment thereto under Sections 17(d) and 57(i) of the Act and Rule 17d-1 under the Act, for an
	order permitting certain joint transactions that may otherwise be prohibited under Sections 17(d) and 57(a)(4) of
	such Act. Each person executing the application on behalf of the Applicants says that he has duly executed the
	Application for and on behalf of the Applicants; that he is authorized to execute the Application pursuant to the terms of an
	operating agreement, management agreement or otherwise; and that all actions by members, directors or other bodies necessary
	to authorize each such deponent to execute and file the Application have been taken.


	 


	All requirements for the execution
	and filing of this Application in the name of and on behalf of each Applicant by the undersigned have been complied with and
	the undersigned is fully authorized to do so and has duly executed this Application this 26

	th

	day of July,
	2016.


	 









	22

	 







	 




	 




	 



	MEDLEY CAPITAL CORPORATION





	 


	 


	 




	 



	By:




	/s/ Brook Taube





	 


	 



	Name: Brook Taube





	 


	 



	Title: Chief Executive Officer





	 




	 



	MEDLEY LLC





	 


	 


	 




	 



	By:




	/s/ Brook Taube





	 


	 



	Name: Brook Taube





	 


	 



	Title: Manager





	 






	 



	MCC ADVISORS LLC





	 


	 


	 




	 



	By:




	/s/ Brook Taube





	 


	 



	Name: Brook Taube





	 


	 



	Title: Manager





	 






	 





	MEDLEY CAPITAL LLC,
	MEDLEY

	OPPORTUNITY FUND II LP, MOF II

	GP LLC, MEDLEY OPPORTUNITY

	FUND III LP, MOF III GP LLC, MOF II

	MANAGEMENT LLC, MOF III

	MANAGEMENT LLC, MEDLEY SBIC,


	LP, MEDLEY SBIC
	GP, LLC, SIERRA


	TOTAL RETURN FUND, MEDLEY


	CREDIT STRATEGIES (KOC) LLC,


	STRF ADVISORS LLC







	 









	23

	 







	 




	 




	 



	By:




	/s/ Brook Taube





	 


	 



	Name: Brook Taube





	 


	 



	Authorized Person





	 




	 



	SIERRA INCOME CORPORATION





	 


	 


	 




	 



	By:




	/s/ Seth Taube





	 


	 



	Name: Seth Taube





	 


	 



	Title: Chief Executive Officer





	 




	 



	SIC ADVISORS LLC





	 


	 


	 




	 



	By:




	/s/ Richard T. Allorto, Jr.





	 


	 



	Name: Richard T. Allorto, Jr.





	 


	 



	Title: Chief Financial Officer





	 


	 


	 




	 


	SIERRA TOTAL RETURN FUND




	 


	 


	 




	 


	By:


	/s/ Seth Taube




	 


	 


	Name: Seth Taube




	 


	 


	Title: Chief Executive Officer




	 


	 


	 




	 


	STRF ADVISORS LLC




	 


	 


	/s/ Richard T. Allorto, Jr.




	 


	 


	Name: Richard T. Allorto, Jr.




	 


	 


	Title: Chief Financial Officer




	 


	 


	 













	24

	 







	 




	 



	VERIFICATION



	 


	The undersigned states that he has duly executed the foregoing Application, dated as of the date first above written, for and on behalf of the Applicants, as the
	case may be, that he holds the office with such entity as indicated below and that all action by the directors, stockholders, general
	partners, trustees or members of each entity, as applicable, necessary to authorize the undersigned to execute and file such instrument
	has been taken. The undersigned further states that he is familiar with such instrument and the contents thereof and that
	the facts set forth therein are true to the best of his knowledge, information and belief.


	 






	 



	MEDLEY CAPITAL CORPORATION





	 


	 


	 




	 



	By:




	/s/ Brook Taube





	 


	 



	Name: Brook Taube





	 


	 



	Title: Chief Executive Officer





	 


	 


	 




	 



	MEDLEY LLC





	 


	 


	 




	 



	By:




	/s/ Brook Taube





	 


	 



	Name: Brook Taube





	 


	 



	Title: Manager





	 


	 


	 




	 



	MCC ADVISORS LLC





	 


	 


	 




	 



	By:




	/s/ Brook Taube





	 


	 



	Name: Brook Taube





	 


	 



	Title: Manager





	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 




	 




	 









	25

	 







	 




	 




	 



	MEDLEY CAPITAL LLC,
	MEDLEY

	OPPORTUNITY FUND II LP, MOF II

	GP LLC, MEDLEY OPPORTUNITY

	FUND III LP, MOF III GP LLC, MOF II

	MANAGEMENT LLC, MOF III

	MANAGEMENT LLC, MEDLEY SBIC,


	LP, MEDLEY SBIC
	GP, LLC, SIERRA


	TOTAL RETURN FUND, MEDLEY


	CREDIT STRATEGIES (KOC) LLC,


	STRF ADVISORS LLC





	 


	 


	 




	 



	By:




	/s/ Brook Taube





	 


	 



	Name: Brook Taube





	 


	 



	Authorized Person





	 


	 


	 




	 



	SIERRA INCOME CORPORATION





	 


	 


	 




	 



	By:




	/s/ Seth Taube





	 


	 



	Name: Seth Taube





	 


	 



	Title: Chief Executive Officer





	 


	 


	 




	 



	SIC ADVISORS, LLC





	 


	 


	 




	 



	By:




	/s/ Richard T. Allorto, Jr.





	 


	 



	Name: Richard T. Allorto, Jr.





	 


	 



	Title: Chief Financial Officer





	 


	 


	 




	 


	SIERRA TOTAL RETURN FUND




	 


	 


	 




	 


	By:


	/s/ Seth Taube




	 


	 


	Name: Seth Taube




	 


	 


	Title: Chief Executive Officer




	 


	 


	 




	 


	STRF ADVISORS, LLC




	 


	 


	/s/ Richard T. Allorto, Jr.




	 


	 


	Name: Richard T. Allorto, Jr.




	 


	 


	Title: Chief Financial Officer




	 









	26

	 







	 




	 


	EXHIBIT A



	Resolution of the Board of Directors
	of




	MEDLEY CAPITAL CORPORATION



	 





	WHEREAS

	, the U.S. Securities and
	Exchange Commission (the “


	SEC


	”) granted the Company an exemptive order on November 25, 2013 (the “


	Prior
	Order


	”) pursuant to Sections 57(a)(4) and 57(i) and Rule 17d-1 permitting certain joint transactions that otherwise
	may be prohibited by Section 57(a)(4);


	 



	WHEREAS

	, management
	of the Company believes that it would be in the Company’s best interest to expand the scope of the Prior Order to allow the
	Company to enter into co-investment transactions with investment companies that are registered under the Investment Company Act
	of 1940, as amended (the “


	1940 Act


	”) and whose investment adviser is MCC Advisors, (ii) SIC Advisors,
	or (iii) any future investment adviser that Medley LLC controls, in addition to the existing and future business development companies
	and private funds currently covered by the Prior Order, and had such an expanded application prepared by counsel (the


	“New
	Exemptive Application”


	);


	 



	WHEREAS

	, the
	Board has reviewed the New Exemptive Application, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A, for an order of the SEC (the


	“New Order”


	) pursuant to Sections 17(d) and 57(i) of the 1940 Act, and Rule 17d-1 promulgated under the
	1940 Act, permitting certain joint transactions that otherwise may be prohibited by either or both of Sections 17(d) and 57(a)(4);


	 



	WHEREAS,

	the Board deems it advisable
	and in the best interest of the Company that the Company file the New Exemptive Application; and


	 



	WHEREAS

	, the
	Company will continue to rely on the Prior Order until the SEC issues the New Order, at which point the Company will cease relying
	on the Prior Order;


	 



	NOW, THEREFORE,
	BE IT RESOLVED

	, that the officers, shall be, and each of them individually hereby is, authorized, empowered and directed, in
	the name and on behalf of the Company, to cause to be executed, delivered and filed with the SEC the New Exemptive Application,
	in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A;



	 




	FURTHER RESOLVED

	,
	that the officers shall be, and each of them individually hereby is, authorized, empowered and directed, in the name and on behalf
	of the Company, to cause to be made, executed, delivered and filed with the SEC any amendments to the New Exemptive Application
	and any additional applications for exemptive relief as are determined necessary, advisable or appropriate by any of the officers
	in order to effectuate the foregoing resolutions, such determination to be conclusively evidenced by the taking of any such action;



	 




	FURTHER RESOLVED

	,
	that all acts and things previously done by any of the officers, on or prior to the date hereof, in the name and on behalf of the
	Company in connection with the foregoing resolutions are in all respects authorized, ratified, approved, confirmed and adopted
	as the acts and deeds by and on behalf of the Company; and


	 



	FURTHER RESOLVED

	,
	that the officers be, and each of them hereby is, authorized, empowered and directed to certify and deliver copies of these resolutions
	to such governmental bodies, agencies, persons, firms or corporations as the officers may deem necessary and to identify by his
	or her signature or certificate, or in such form as may be required, the documents and instruments presented to and approved herein
	and to furnish evidence of the approval, by an officer authorized to give such approval, of any document, instrument or provision
	or any addition, deletion or change in any document or instrument.


	 


	(Adopted on July 21, 2016)


	 




	 









	27

	 







	 






	 


	EXHIBIT B



	Resolution of the Board of Directors
	of




	SIERRA INCOME CORPORATION



	 





	WHEREAS

	, the U.S. Securities and
	Exchange Commission (the “


	SEC


	”) granted the Company an exemptive order on November 25, 2013 (the “


	Prior
	Order


	”) pursuant to Sections 57(a)(4) and 57(i) and Rule 17d-1 permitting certain joint transactions that otherwise
	may be prohibited by Section 57(a)(4);


	 



	WHEREAS

	, management
	of the Company believes that it would be in the Company’s best interest to expand the scope of the Prior Order to allow the
	Company to enter into co-investment transactions with investment companies that are registered under the Investment Company Act
	of 1940, as amended (the “


	1940 Act


	”) and whose investment adviser is MCC Advisors, (ii) SIC Advisors,
	or (iii) any future investment adviser that Medley LLC controls, in addition to the existing and future business development companies
	and private funds currently covered by the Prior Order, and had such an expanded application prepared by counsel (the


	“New
	Exemptive Application”


	);


	 



	WHEREAS

	, the
	Board has reviewed the New Exemptive Application, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A, for an order of the SEC (the


	“New Order”


	) pursuant to Sections 17(d) and 57(i) of the 1940 Act, and Rule 17d-1 promulgated under the
	1940 Act, permitting certain joint transactions that otherwise may be prohibited by either or both of Sections 17(d) and 57(a)(4);


	 



	WHEREAS,

	the Board deems it advisable
	and in the best interest of the Company that the Company file the New Exemptive Application; and


	 



	WHEREAS

	, the
	Company will continue to rely on the Prior Order until the SEC issues the New Order, at which point the Company will cease relying
	on the Prior Order;


	 



	NOW, THEREFORE,
	BE IT RESOLVED

	, that the officers, shall be, and each of them individually hereby is, authorized, empowered and directed, in
	the name and on behalf of the Company, to cause to be executed, delivered and filed with the SEC the New Exemptive Application,
	in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A;



	 




	FURTHER RESOLVED

	,
	that the officers shall be, and each of them individually hereby is, authorized, empowered and directed, in the name and on behalf
	of the Company, to cause to be made, executed, delivered and filed with the SEC any amendments to the New Exemptive Application
	and any additional applications for exemptive relief as are determined necessary, advisable or appropriate by any of the officers
	in order to effectuate the foregoing resolutions, such determination to be conclusively evidenced by the taking of any such action;



	 




	FURTHER RESOLVED

	,
	that all acts and things previously done by any of the officers, on or prior to the date hereof, in the name and on behalf of the
	Company in connection with the foregoing resolutions are in all respects authorized, ratified, approved, confirmed and adopted
	as the acts and deeds by and on behalf of the Company; and


	 



	FURTHER RESOLVED

	,
	that the officers be, and each of them hereby is, authorized, empowered and directed to certify and deliver copies of these resolutions
	to such governmental bodies, agencies, persons, firms or corporations as the officers may deem necessary and to identify by his
	or her signature or certificate, or in such form as may be required, the documents and instruments presented to and approved herein
	and to furnish evidence of the approval, by an officer authorized to give such approval, of any document, instrument or provision
	or any addition, deletion or change in any document or instrument.


	 


	(Adopted on July 21, 2016)

	 







	 









	28

	 







	 




	 




	EXHIBIT C


	 



	Resolution of the Sole Trustee
	of




	SIERRA TOTAL RETURN FUND




	 








	WHEREAS

	, the
	Board has reviewed the exemptive application (the


	“Exemptive Application”


	), a copy of which is attached
	hereto as Exhibit A, for an order of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “


	SEC


	”) pursuant
	to Sections 17(d) and 57(i) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “


	1940 Act


	”), and Rule
	17d-1 promulgated under the 1940 Act, permitting certain joint transactions that otherwise may be prohibited by either or both
	of Sections 17(d) and 57(a)(4); and


	 



	WHEREAS,

	the Board deems it advisable
	and in the best interest of the Company that the Company file the Exemptive Application;


	 



	NOW, THEREFORE,
	BE IT RESOLVED

	, that the officers, shall be, and each of them individually hereby is, authorized, empowered and directed, in
	the name and on behalf of the Company, to cause to be executed, delivered and filed with the SEC the Exemptive Application, in
	substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A;



	 




	FURTHER RESOLVED

	,
	that the officers shall be, and each of them individually hereby is, authorized, empowered and directed, in the name and on behalf
	of the Company, to cause to be made, executed, delivered and filed with the SEC any amendments to the Exemptive Application and
	any additional applications for exemptive relief as are determined necessary, advisable or appropriate by any of the officers in
	order to effectuate the foregoing resolutions, such determination to be conclusively evidenced by the taking of any such action;



	 




	FURTHER RESOLVED

	,
	that all acts and things previously done by any of the officers, on or prior to the date hereof, in the name and on behalf of the
	Company in connection with the foregoing resolutions are in all respects authorized, ratified, approved, confirmed and adopted
	as the acts and deeds by and on behalf of the Company; and


	 



	FURTHER RESOLVED

	,
	that the officers be, and each of them hereby is, authorized, empowered and directed to certify and deliver copies of these resolutions
	to such governmental bodies, agencies, persons, firms or corporations as the officers may deem necessary and to identify by his
	or her signature or certificate, or in such form as may be required, the documents and instruments presented to and approved herein
	and to furnish evidence of the approval, by an officer authorized to give such approval, of any document, instrument or provision
	or any addition, deletion or change in any document or instrument.


	 


	(Adopted on July 21, 2016)



	 







	 









	29

	 






	 


	 











Business Directory of California. Mof Director Elementary ...

































Business DirectoryInformation on every company and professional organization









        Find businesses
    



business name





city, state, or zip code




Search






















CaliforniaMOMof Director Elementary ...
 



Business Directory of California. Mof Director Elementary ...







Mof Director Elementary
502 Collins St, King City, CA 93930


Categories:Elementary Schools
Phone:(831) 386-0516
Products:Elementary
Additional:Elementary School, High School
Business Background Report





Moezzi Erick
8601 Wilshire Blvd, Beverly Hills, CA 90211


Phone:(310) 358-9444
Business Background Report





Moezhart Property Rehabilatation & Management
1160 E Perrin Ave, Fresno, CA 93720


Industry:Real Estate Agent/Manager, Real Estate Agents and Managers
Member:Valda Mason (Partner)
Business Background Report





Moezi, Abdolreza, D.D.S
3000 Alamo Dr, Vacaville, CA 95687


Industry:Dentist's Office
Members (2):Moezi Abdolreza (Family And General Dentistry, Principal)Jackson Reza Moezi (Family And General Dentistry, inactive)
Business Background Report





Moez Shahrzad Amir
66 Cleary Ct, San Francisco, CA 94109


Industry:Business Services at Non-Commercial Site
Business Background Report





Moezi, Rezi
12095 Lausanne Way, Truckee, CA 96161


Industry:Dentist's Office
Business Background Report





MOF, INC
2365 E Valley Parkway, Escondido, CA 92027


Status:Inactive
Doing business as:MORTGAGE OPTIONS FINANCIAL, INC
Inactive reason:Revoked For Annual Report
Registration:Oct 16, 2002
Inactive since:Sep 25, 2009
State ID:F02000005308
Business type:Foreign Profit Corporation
Member:Ramzy Sabbara (President, Treasurer, Director, Secretary, Vice President, inactive), 27353 Red Iron Bark Dr, Valley Center, CA 92082 (Physical)
Agent:Corporation Service Company1201 Hays Street, Tallahassee, FL 32301 (Physical)
EIN:33-0749817
Business Background Report





MOEZ PLUMBING, INC
4063 Charles St, La Mesa, CA 91941


Status:Inactive
Industry:Plumbing/Heating/Air Cond Contractor
Registration:Jun 25, 1999
State ID:C2045257
Business type:Articles of Incorporation
Member:Gregory P. Moe (President, inactive)
Agent:Martin SchwartzLa Mesa, CA 91941 (Physical)
Business Background Report





MOEZ SUPPLY CO
Los Angeles, CA


Status:Inactive
Registration:Mar 6, 2007
Addresses:6709 La Tijera Blvd 3319, Los Angeles, CA 90045 (Physical)6709 La Tijera Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90045
State ID:C2914077
Business type:Articles of Incorporation
Member:Matthew Moses (President, inactive)
Business Background Report





MOF ENTERPRISES, INC
Los Angeles, CA


Status:Inactive
Registration:Jun 11, 1981
Addresses:9911 W Pico Blvd Penthouse A, Los Angeles, CA 90035 (Physical)9911 W Pico Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90035
State ID:C1046421
Business type:Articles of Incorporation
Member:Melinda O. Fee (President, inactive)
Agent:Harry F ShafferLos Angeles, CA 90035 (Physical)
Business Background Report





MOF HOLDINGS, INC
6045 Scott Way, Los Angeles, CA 90040


Status:Inactive
Registration:Apr 5, 1989
State ID:C1638360
Business type:Statement & Designation By Foreign Corporation
Entity State:DE
Member:R. W. Gore-Andrews (President, inactive)
Agent:Coast-United Advertising Co., IncMaywood, CA 90270 (Physical)
Business Background Report





M.O.F., INC
6333 West 3Rd St, Los Angeles, CA 90034


Status:Inactive
Registration:Jul 17, 1981
State ID:C1049655
Business type:Articles of Incorporation
Member:Viviana Gaszynski (President, inactive)
Agent:Michael TelerantBeverly Hills, CA 90210 (Physical)
Business Background Report





Mof
15744 Saticoy St, Van Nuys, CA 91406


Status:Inactive
Industry:Whol Homefurnishings
Member:Maria Orellana (Owner, inactive)
Business Background Report





MOEZ KHORSANDI, D.O., A PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL CORPORATION
1245 Wilshire Blvd Ste 917, Los Angeles, CA 90017


Status:Inactive
Registration:Sep 25, 2003
State ID:C2525371
Business type:Articles of Incorporation
Member:Moez Khorsandi (President, inactive)
Business Background Report





MOF, INC
10201 W Pico Blvd Bldg 12, Los Angeles, CA 90035


Status:Inactive
Registration:Sep 11, 2002
State ID:C2447072
Business type:Articles of Incorporation
Member:David Matalon (President, inactive)
Business Background Report





Moezie's Book Sells
208 Gelf Ln, Modesto, CA 95357


Status:Inactive
Industry:Whol Books/Newspapers
Business Background Report





Moez LLC
PO Box 9381, Brea, CA 92822


Status:Inactive
Industry:Real Estate
Registration:Aug 13, 1998
State ID:199822510044
Business type:Domestic
Members (2):Mohammad Tahami (Member, inactive)Ali Tahami (Member, inactive)
Business Background Report





MOEZEE MUZIK. (trademark)
San Diego, CA



Status:Inactive
Registration:Dec 6, 2001
State ID:76345217
Status:606 - Abandoned - no statement of use filed
Status date:Apr 9, 2003
Illustration:Typeset: Word(s)/letter(s)/number(s)
Attorney:Kurosh NasseriTHE LAW OFFICES OF KUROSH NASSERI3207A M St Nw 3Rd Fl, Washington, DC 20007
Employee:Richard F White
Goods & Services:"music", Series of musical sound recordings; pre-recorded compact discs, audio cassettes, digital video discs, phonograph records and digital audio files, all featuring music
Owner:Porcayo, Bertin, Jr, 3639 Midway Drive Suite B, #307, San Diego, CA 92110























California Business Directory Index. 

































Business DirectoryInformation on every company and professional organization









        Find businesses
    



business name





city, state, or zip code




Search






















California
 



California Business Directory Index. 



Select First Letters of Business Name






A


AA ...
AB ...
AC ...
AD ...
AE ...
AF ...
AG ...
AH ...
AI ...
AJ ...
AK ...
AL ...




AM ...
AN ...
AO 4 TRUCKING CO ...
AP ...
AQ 33 CO ...
AR ...
AS ...
AT ...
AU 79 ASSOCIATES LLC LP ...
AV ...
AW ...
AX ACQUISITION CO ...




AY APARTMENTS LLC ...
AZ 211 SUTTER HOLDINGS LLC ...
A1 ...
A2 ALPHA MANAGEMENT LLC ...
A3 ADVENTURES LLC ...
A4 ABLE TAX SERVICES ...
A5 CO ...
A6 ADVANCED MACHINING ...
A7 24 HOUR LOCKSMITH ...
A8 CO ...
A9 CATTLE CO CO ...
A0 CLASS 73 B ...









B


BA 111 LLC ...
BB 1 LP ...
BC ...
BD ...
BE ...
BF ACQUISITION GROUP III CO ...
BG 1 CALIFORNIA CO ...
BH 1031 LLC ...
BI ...
BJ ...
BK ...
BL ...
BM ...




BN 4038 LP ...
BO ...
BP ...
BQ ...
BR ...
BS ...
BT ...
BU AND YANG FOUNDATION ...
BV ...
BW 1111 SUNRISE ...
BX 100 INTERNATIONAL CO ...
BY 142 LLC ...
BZ AMERICA CO ...




B1 ADVANCE AUTO REPAIR ...
B2 ADVISORS CO ...
B3 ADVANCED COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS CO ...
B4 AND AFTER ...
B5 ALIVE CO ...
B6 CONDOS CO ...
B7 CO ...
B8421 LLC ...
B9 BEAUTY LLC ...
B09 PROPERTIES ...
B 1 ...
B&A78 APPAREL CO ...









C


CA ...
CB ...
CC ...
CD ...
CE 2 CO ...
CF ...
CG 101 LLC ...
CH 188 CO ...
CI ...
CJ 117 ENTERPRISES CO ...
CK 1 CO ...
CL ...
CM ...




CN ...
CO ...
CP ...
CQ AUTO PARTS ...
CR 1216 1217 PROPERTIES LLC ...
CS ...
CT 1 CAPITAL LLC ...
CU ...
CV 1 GP LLC ...
CW ...
CX 168 CO ...
CY 488 CO ...
CZ ABRIAM HOME I 2 ...




C1 ALTERNATORS ...
C2 ...
C3 ...
C4 ARTISTS LLC ...
C5 ADVISORS CO ...
C6 APPAREL LLC ...
C7 AIR RIDE HITCH LLC ...
C8 CO ...
C9 ALLIANCE CO CO ...
C00CA FLATS PRODUCTIONS CO ...
C 0 ELECTRICAL SVC ...
C&1ST TRADING CO ...









D


DA ...
DB ...
DC ...
DD 1 SPORTS CO ...
DE 12121 WILSHIRE GP LLC ...
DF 1 LLC ...
DG ...
DH ACQUISITION CO ...
DI 2 C FILM PRODUCTION CO ...
DJ 45 ENTERPRISES CO ...
DK ...
DL 21 CO ...
DM ...




DN ...
DO ...
DP ...
DQ ACQUISITION CO ...
DR ...
DS ...
DT ...
DU 4 DESIGNS ...
DV ...
DW 1663 18TH STREET LLC ...
DX ADVANCE DATA EXCHANGE ...
DY 2000 CO ...
DZ AND ASSOCIATES CO ...




D1 ...
D2 ACQUISITIONS LLC ...
D3 ...
D4 ACCESSORIES ...
D5 ...
D6 CO ...
D7 960 LLC ...
D8 DESIGNS ...
D9 COLLECTION LLC ...
D03 CO ...
D 0 3 CO ...
D&39 ALESSIO LAW GROUP ...









E


EA ALONZO CO ...
EB 2000 LLC ...
EC ...
ED ...
EE 2004 RETAINED ANNUI ...
EF 20 LLC ...
EG 2 PRODUCTION CO ...
EH AND MB SOFTWARE LLC ...
EI ACQUISITION CO ...
EJ 190TH LP ...
EK 1 CO ...
EL ...
EM ...




EN ...
EO 9066 FILM&VIDEO WORKS CO ...
EP 640 SOUTH AVENUE INVESTMENTS LLC ...
EQ 3 FURNISHINGS AND ACCENTS ...
ER ...
ES ...
ET 70ESCONDIDO STERN ...
EU BIKE SHOP ...
EV ALLIANCE CO ...
EW ABSTRACT LIFESTYLE CO ...
EX 10SIONS ...
EY AUTOMOTIVE LLC ...
EZ 123 SHOP ...




E1 AVIATION LLC ...
E2 ACCOUNTING SERVICE ...
E3 ...
E4 ARCHITECTS ...
E5 BUILDERS ...
E6 CO ...
E7 ARCHITECTURE STUDIO ...
E8 DENIM HOUSE ...
E9 CO ...
E0727LLP ...
E 01 PC BANG ...
E&&ASSOCIATES ...









F


FA 1ST ROUND ENTERPRISES CO ...
FB 100 CO ...
FC 5M LLC ...
FD 26 ENTERPRISE CO ...
FE ...
FF 2000 CO ...
FG 87 TEXAS STREET LLC ...
FH 2I ENTERPRISE CO ...
FI ACCOUNTING ...
FJ ACQUISITION CO ...
FK 26 DIVERSIFIED INVESTMENT LLC ...
FL ...
FM ...




FN ...
FO 590 ROSE INVESTORS LLC ...
FP 2001 CO LLC ...
FQ APARTMENTS LLC ...
FR 1 CREATIVE ART MANAGEMENT CO ...
FS 1340 FIGUEROA LLC ...
FT ...
FU AN INVESTMENTS LLC ...
FV 1 LLC ...
FW 600 TEXAS STREET LLC ...
FX 24 ...
FY AUTOBODY CO ...
FZ BOUTIQUE LLC ...




F1 ACTIVATION CO ...
F2 AMERICA CO ...
F3 AND ASSOCIATES CO ...
F4 CAPITAL LLC ...
F5 AGENCY LLC ...
F6 ASSOCIATES LLANO LLC ...
F7 CO ...
F8 ACCOUNTING SOFTWARE SOL ...
F9 ACQUISITION CO ...
F0WLER CONSULTING CO ...
F 1 ...
F&2CS CONSTRUCTION CO ...









G


GA 3D ART ...
GB ...
GC 1050 FUND LP ...
GD ...
GE ...
GF 5TH AVENUE LLC ...
GG ...
GH ...
GI 110 CAPITOLA AVENUE LLC ...
GJ 1 LLC ...
GK 1 WORLD FOUNDATION ...
GL 1260 LLC ...
GM ...




GN ...
GO ...
GP ...
GQ AUTO BODY ...
GR 20 LLC ...
GS ...
GT 1 ACQUISITION SUB CO ...
GU ACUPUNCTURE&HERBS CENTER ...
GV 138 LLC ...
GW ...
GX ALL CONSTRUCTION LLC ...
GY ADDIEGO LLC ...
GZ ADVISORY LLC ...




G1 AUTO STOP ...
G2 ...
G3 ...
G4 ADVISORS LLC ...
G5 2020 TRUST ...
G6 ADVERTISING CO ...
G7 ANIMATION ...
G8 1011 FUND LLC ...
G9 APPAREL CO ...
G0 GREEN INTERIOR PLANTS ...
G 1 MART ...
G&&C AUTO BODY ...









H


HA ...
HB 11TH ST LLC ...
HC 101 ...
HD ...
HE ...
HF 2006 LLC ...
HG ...
HH ...
HI 120 DEVELOPMENT CO ...
HJ 21 INVESTMENTS LLC ...
HK 1 ...
HL ...
HM ...




HN AMERICA CO ...
HO 168 CO ...
HP ...
HQ ...
HR ...
HS ...
HT ...
HU 6 HANDYMAN CO ...
HV AGA CO ...
HW 19 MANAGEMENT LLC ...
HX ACQUISITION CO ...
HY 2014 LC ...
HZ ACUPUNCTURE CO ...




H1 AUTO DETAIL AND SERVICE ...
H2 ...
H3 ACCOUNTING&TAX SERVICES CO ...
H4 ...
H5 ...
H6 INTERNATIONAL ...
H7 AVIATION CO ...
H8 IT OR LUV IT ENTERTAINMENT CO ...
H9 MOTORCARS ...
H0LL BISCHOFF BECKNER LLP ...
H 1 AUTO CENTER TRANSMISS ...
H&&SONS KITCHEN DESIGN ...









I


IA ACCOUNTING&NOTARY SERVICE ...
IB 10 LLC ...
IC ...
ID 1 BEAUTY SALON ...
IE 08 PRODUCTIONS LLC ...
IF ...
IG 6 WATER TRUCKS ...
IH CAMPUS BUSINESS ASSOCIATION CALIFORNIA NONPROFIT MUTUAL B ...
II 15 EXCLUSIVE ...
IJ ALEXANDER CO ...
IK ADVANCE TECH WASTEWATER TREATMENT MANUFACTURING CO ...
IL 1 COM ...
IM ACADEMY ...




IN ...
IO 173 CO ...
IP ...
IQ 160 PRODUCTIONS LLC ...
IR ...
IS 4 ADOPTION ...
IT ...
IU APPAREL CO ...
IV ACCESS CO ...
IW AND VW LAUPPE FAMILY LP CALIFORNIA LP ...
IX AUTO SALES CO ...
IY COMMUNICATIONS ...




IZ ADVANCED TECHNOLOGIES CO ...
I1 CO ...
I2 2000 LLC ...
I3 CAP LLC ...
I4 1 1 ...
I5 126 LP ...
I6 ...
I7 ENGINEERING CO ...
I8 CO ...
I9 GROUP CO ...
I 10 COMMERCE CENTER SAN BERNARDINO LP ...
I&39 M FLYING IN ...









J


JA 2109 DUMBARTON LLC ...
JB ...
JC ...
JD 186 CALIFORNIA LP ...
JE ABERNATHY COMMUNITY OUTREACH CO ...
JF ACQUISITION SUB CO ...
JG 24 7 COURIER LLC ...
JH ...
JI ABLE CO ...
JJ ...
JK 1 HOUR PHOTO CO ...
JL ...
JM ...




JN 1 PROPERTIES LLC NEW MEXICO LLC ...
JO 1 STOP SHOP ...
JP ...
JQ AMERICAN CO ...
JR ...
JS ...
JT ...
JU ...
JV 2077 ...
JW ...
JX ADVOCACY GROUP ...
JY 280 LLC ...




JZ 1630 MR LLC ...
J1 AUTO GROUP CO ...
J2 ...
J3 ...
J4 ASSET MANAGEMENT CO ...
J5 CARE SERVICES CO ...
J6 AND 37TH STREET LLC ...
J7 ARCHITECTURE ...
J8 36 SETFREE CO ...
J9 CO ...
J 1 C PROPERTY MANAGEMENT CO ...
J&&MACHINERY MOVING CO ...









K


KA 111 RIVER LLC ...
KB ...
KC ...
KD 151 PRODUCTIONS ...
KE 2000 GLOVES ...
KF 8822 LLC ...
KG 4 TRUCKING LLC ...
KH 8788 CALIFORNIA LP ...
KI ...
KJ 2 ENTERTAINMENT LLC ...
KK 2000 ...
KL ...
KM 18TH STREET LLC ...




KN AMERICA CO ...
KO ACH REALTY LLC ...
KP 168 CO ...
KQ ACCESSORIES CO ...
KR 331 FAIRCHILD LLC ...
KS ...
KT ...
KU ACCOUNTING ...
KV ...
KW 1055 WILSHIRE GROUP CO ...
KX AIR LLC ...
KY 2005 LLC ...
KZ 8 CO ...




K1 ACUPUNCTURE ...
K2 ...
K3 ALLIANCE CO ...
K4 ARABIANS LP ...
K5 BAORDSHOP ...
K6 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC ...
K7 APARTMENT ...
K8 CONSULTING ...
K9 101 ...
K04 VISTA LLC ...
K 1 ALL PURPOSE SERVICE ...
K&20 LANCASTER LC ...









L


LA ...
LB 1 ...
LC ...
LD ACQUISITION CO 10 LLC ...
LE ...
LF 100 LLC ...
LG ...
LH ...
LI AI YAN SEWING CO ...
LJ ALTERNATIVE HEALTH RESOURCE ...
LK ...
LL 86 CO ...
LM ...




LN 2000 ...
LO ...
LP ...
LQ 8&9 LLC ...
LR 1001 S OLIVE LLC ...
LS ...
LT 48 40 CHINATOWN EXPRESS CO ...
LU 100 ENTERPRISE CO ...
LV ...
LW 1 CO ...
LX BUSINESS CO ...
LY ...
LZ ...




L1 CO ...
L2 AGENCY CO ...
L3 ADVERTISING WEST CO ...
L4 BUSINESS SOLUTIONS LLC ...
L5 24 HOUR LOCKSMITH SERVICES CO ...
L6 PIZZA STUDIOS I LLC ...
L7 CO ...
L8 BLOOMERS LLC ...
L9 CO ...
L0AN PRO FINANCIAL CO ...
L 108T CO ...
L&&AUTO SVC ...









M


MA ...
MB ...
MC ...
MD ...
ME ...
MF ...
MG ...
MH ...
MI 21 CO ...
MJ ...
MK 1 MASONRY CO ...
ML ...
MM ...




MN ACCOUNTING AND TAX ...
MO ...
MP ...
MQ ACQUISITIONS LLC ...
MR ...
MS ...
MT 233 OFFICE BUILDING LLC ...
MU ALLEN ...
MV 10685 ENTERPRISES LLC ...
MW 10 LLC ...
MX ...
MY ...
MZ 7263 LLC ...




M1 ACQUISITION CO ...
M2 ...
M3 ACCEPTANCE CO ...
M4 5050 LLC ...
M5 AMASON CO ...
M6 ADVISORS LLC ...
M7 AEROSPACE CO ...
M8 CO ...
M9 CO ...
M008 STUDIO CO ...
M 1 AUTO ...
M&2 MANAGEMENT ...









N


NA ...
NB ...
NC ...
ND 1 LLC ...
NE 2 MUSIC&ENTERTAINMENT GROUP CO ...
NF 2000 LC ...
NG 168 INVESTMENT GROUP LLC ...
NH 17500 REDHILL LLC ...
NI ACQUISITION CO ...
NJ ...
NK ABC123 LLC ...
NL ...
NM ACQUISITION CO ...




NN ...
NO ...
NP ...
NQ APPAREL ...
NR 1 CO ...
NS ...
NT ...
NU ...
NV 20 LLC ...
NW 1995 CO ...
NX CENTURY NETWORKS LLC ...
NY 2 LA APPAREL CO ...
NZ BEERSA LLC ...




N1 ...
N2 AFRICA IMPORTS ...
N3 CO ...
N4 CAPITAL LLC ...
N5 CO ...
N6 BLITZ ...
N7 CREAMERY ...
N8 ...
N9 INTL TRADING CO ...
N0 HO STAIRS ...
N 1 BODY&FENDER ...
N&ASSET ADMINISTRATORS ...









O


OA ...
OB 1 SERVICES LLC ...
OC ...
OD 11 LLC ...
OE 100 CO ...
OF 07 CARLSBAD LLC ...
OG 77 INVESTMENTS CO ...
OH ...
OI ...
OJ AMAYA GOLF ACADEMY ...
OK ...
OL 2 CO ...
OM 2 HOME ...




ON 1 ...
OO 7 CELLNET ...
OP 266 CO ...
OQ ENTERPRISES CO ...
OR ...
OS 2 BAY AREA USER GROUP CO ...
OT 12900 VICTORY CO LP ...
OU 88 LLC ...
OV APPAREL DESIGN ...
OW 1567 CALIFORNIA LLC ...
OX AND HARE ENTERTAINMENT CO ...
OY 1AL MOST LIVE ...




OZ ...
O1 AUDIO&VIDEO CO ...
O2 ARCHITECTURE ...
O3 ASSOCIATES CO ...
O4 CO ...
O50 MOTORS ...
O6 TECHNOLOGY ...
O7 AUTO REPAIR ...
O8 PARTNERS LLC ...
O9 IG LLC ...
O 1 ...
O&2 FASHION ...









P


PA ...
PB ...
PC ...
PD ...
PE ...
PF 1 GP LLC ...
PG ...
PH ...
PI ...
PJ 1000 USA CO ...
PK 007 LLC ...
PL ...
PM ...




PN ASSOCIATES CO ...
PO ACQUISITION MERGER CO ...
PP ...
PQ ACCOUNTING CO ...
PR 1 MOTORSPORTS ...
PS 1 ELEMENTARY SCHOOL ...
PT 1 ...
PU CLUB ...
PV 31 CO ...
PW 119 MEMBER LLC ...
PX 2 CAMERAS&APPLIANCES ...
PY CHANG LLC ...
PZ ASSOCIATES LLC ...




P1 ACQUISITION SUB LLC ...
P2 ADVISORS LLC ...
P3 ...
P4 ANALYTICS LLC ...
P5 ACADEMY ...
P6 ...
P7 CO ...
P8 BRIDGE INTERNATIONAL CO ...
P9 COMPUTER SUPPORT SOLUTIONS ...
P0300 ...
P 1 TECHNOLOGIES ...
P&0 CO LLC ...









Q


QA ACCOUNTING SOLUTIONS ...
QB ANSWERS ...
QC 1 LLC ...
QD ...
QE 39 MANAGEMENT CO ...
QF ...
QG ADVANCE TUTORING ...
QH AUTOMOTIVE ...
QI ACUPUNTURE AND HERBS CO ...
QJ CAPITAL ...
QK ...
QL ASSOCIATES ...
QM AFFORDABLE HOUSING PARTNERS CALIFORNIA LP ...




QN CO ...
QO STAFFING CO ...
QP ACQUISITION CO ...
QQ ...
QR 1464 LLC ...
QS 1 ...
QT 17 FASHION CO ...
QU ASSOCIATES CO ...
QV BUILDERS CO ...
QW 16 CO ...
QX ACQUISITION CO ...
QY APPAREL CO ...




QZ CO ...
Q1 APPLIANCE ...
Q2 BROADCAST INFORMATION SYSTEMS LLC ...
Q3 CNC CO ...
Q4 CO ...
Q5 ...
Q6 BUSINESS PERFORMANCE COACHING ...
Q7 APARTMENTS LLC ...
Q8 AMERICA CO ...
Q9 ...
Q 1 AUTO ELECTRIC SERVICE ...
Q&ADMINISTRATION ...









R


RA 1310 VASCO LLC ...
RB ...
RC ...
RD 1 METROPOLITAN TOWING ...
RE 1776 LLC ...
RF 10 HOLDINGS LLC ...
RG ...
RH 10940227 LLC ...
RI 123 CO ...
RJ ACEVEDO CO ...
RK 98 CO ...
RL 12 LLC ...
RM ...




RN 135 POWER ROAD INVESTORS LLC ...
RO ADVERTISING CO ...
RP ...
RQ BUILDERS CO ...
RR ...
RS ...
RT 1 SOLUTIONS CO ...
RU 360 PUBLISHING LLC ...
RV ...
RW 15 IRA LLC ...
RX ...
RY 1 LA LLC ...
RZ 8380 MELROSE LLC ...




R1 BRUSHLESS MOTOR LAB LLC ...
R2 ANALYTICS LLC ...
R3 ...
R4 ADVISORS LLC ...
R5 ...
R6 FREIGHT CO ...
R7 CO ...
R8 2 MINISTRIES ...
R9 SERVICES ...
R00I CO ...
R 1 CO ...
R&3D ENGINEERING ...









S


SA 1 ...
SB ...
SC ...
SD ...
SE ...
SF ...
SG 18 CO ...
SH 1RD1NE CONSULTING ...
SI ...
SJ 25 CO ...
SK ...
SL 101 LLC ...
SM ...




SN 158 PROPERTY LLC ...
SO ...
SP ...
SQ AND ASSOCIATES LLC ...
SR 1 ENTERPRISES CO ...
SS ...
ST ...
SU ...
SV ...
SW 119 LLC ...
SX ACQUISITION SUBSIDIARY CO ...
SY ACADEMY CO ...
SZ ACCESSORIES ...




S1 CO ...
S2 ...
S3 ADVISORS ...
S4 ...
S5 ADVISORS CO ...
S6 CONSTRUCTION ...
S7 AUTO DETAILING&RESTORATION ...
S8 CONSULTING ...
S9 BEVERAGES CO ...
S02 LLC ...
S 1 CO ...
S&&CAR WASH ...









T


TA ...
TB ...
TC ...
TD 2280 HOLDING LLC ...
TE ...
TF 558 MANAGEMENT LLC ...
TG 08 HOLDING CO ...
TH 1 LLC ...
TI ...
TJ ...
TK ...
TL 997 PROPERTY LLC ...
TM ...




TN AND ASSOCIATES ...
TO 11 MEDIA CO ...
TP ...
TQ ABRASIVE MACHINING ...
TR 100 LLC ...
TS ...
TT 50 COMPANT CO ...
TU ABOGADO CO ...
TV 1 4 MIDGET ASSOCIATION CO ...
TW ...
TX 133555 NORTHBOROUGH LP ...
TY 2000 BNS DRKS ONLINE ...
TZ ASSOCIATES LLC ...




T1 ACQUISITION CO ...
T2 ...
T3 ...
T4 ...
T5 ACQUISITION CO LLC ...
T6 ENTERPRISES CO ...
T7 ARCHITECTURE CO ...
T8 AUTO GROUP CO ...
T9 AFFORDABLE HOUSING ASSOCIATES LLC ...
T0P NOTCH BARBER&BEAUTY STUDIO LLC ...
T 1 AUTOBAHN ...
T&39 S HOT SAUCE CO ...









U


UA ...
UB ...
UC ACADEMY ...
UD 1 GROUP CO ...
UE 1012 BUILDING CO ...
UF GATOR ...
UG 82 INVESTORS LLC ...
UH AGOURA CO ...
UI ALLOY ...
UJ DESIGN LANDSCAPE ...
UK ...
UL BAG MFG CO ...




UM ACQUISITION CO ...
UN ...
UO CO ...
UP 2 CODE PLUMBING ...
UQ CO ...
UR 1 LLC ...
US ...
UT AMERICA CO ...
UU CHURCH OF BERKELEY ...
UV 17 CO ...
UW CO ...
UX CO ...




UY 1997 FAMILY LP ...
UZ CAPITAL MANAGEMENT CO ...
U1 DEVELOPMENT CO CO ...
U2 AMERICA CO ...
U3 CO ...
U4 EA PUBLICATION ...
U50 LLC ...
U6 CO ...
U7 CO ...
U9 GALAXIES LLC ...
U 1 APPAREL CO ...
U&ASSOCIATES REALTY&INVESTMENTS ...









V


VA ...
VB AGRICULTURAL SERVICES ...
VC 1929 APPLETON ST LLC ...
VD 350 ...
VE ...
VF ...
VG ...
VH 1 PARTNERS LP ...
VI ...
VJ AND CO ...
VK ACQUISITION CO ...
VL 59 INSURANCE MARKETING CO ...
VM ACCOUNTING SERVICES ...




VN ACCESS INVESTMENT CO ...
VO ASMA C P ...
VP 007 INVESTMENTS LLC ...
VQ ACTIONCARE LLC ...
VR 2 ...
VS 1 ADVERTISING LLC ...
VT ...
VU ...
VV 29 LLC ...
VW 3000 LLC ...
VX ...
VY 1195 LLC ...
VZ CETC TEST 3MEG ...




V1 AVIATION CO ...
V2 ...
V3 ...
V4 AB FAMILY HOLDCO LLC ...
V5 CAR WASH ...
V6 DAIRY ...
V7 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC ...
V8 AIRCRAFT CO ...
V9 AIRCRAFT CO ...
V02 MEDICAL V02 MAX TESTING ...
V 1 AUTOSPORTS ...
V&AK MARKETING ...









W


WA ...
WB 100 STATION GROUP PARTNERS LP ...
WC 1 LLC ...
WD 1 STOP SHOP ...
WE 10 2 BUSINESS ...
WF 102 RECORDS ...
WG 1031 WM LP ...
WH 25 GROUP LLC ...
WI 2 WI CO ...
WJ AGENCY ...
WK ACCOUNTING&TAX SERVICES ...
WL 4S RANCH ASSOCIATES LP ...
WM 15 PARTNERS LP ...




WN ART BRONZE CO CO ...
WO 2 CO ...
WP 2003 ...
WQ BROWN SOLUTION ...
WR ...
WS ACCESSORIES ...
WT ...
WU ...
WV 51 ASSOCIATES LP ...
WW ...
WX CO ...
WY 168 LLC ...
WZ AIR LLC ...




W1 LOCKSMITH SERVICES ...
W2 ARTHUR INTERNATIONAL CO ...
W3 ...
W4 CLOTHING ...
W5 BRANNAN LP ...
W6 PRODUCE CO ...
W7 MANAGEMENT LLC ...
W80 VENTURES LLC ...
W9 FIG REALTY LLC ...
W02 ...
W 03 LLC ...
W&19TH STREET PARTNERS LP ...









X


XA ARCHITECTURE ...
XB DIGITAL PRODUCTIONS CO ...
XC BEAUTY SALON OF BEVERLY HILLS CO ...
XD CO ...
XE AUTOBODY&REPAIR ...
XF CO ...
XG INVESTORS LLC CALIFORNIA LP ...
XH AUTO CO ...
XI ...
XJ ARMOR ...
XK CONSULTING LLC ...
XL 3 CLOTHING WHOLESALE ...
XM ASSOCIATES ...




XN CO ...
XO 1 CO ...
XP 14 APPRAISALS ...
XQ CO ...
XR BOBS MOTORCYLE REPAIR ...
XS 2502 LLC ...
XT 2000 CO ...
XU ANLIN MD ...
XV BAR OF CALIFORNIA LLC ...
XW CO ...
XX CC LLC ...
XY ...
XZ CATIC CO ...




X1 ...
X2 ...
X3 AST CONSULTING CO ...
X4 DOLPHIN LLC ...
X5 APPAREL CO ...
X6 MANAGEMENT CO ...
X7 24 CO ...
X8 MEDIA GROUP LLC ...
X9 NETWORK CO ...
X0 CONSULTING ...
X 1 DISCOVERY ...
X&B INVESTMENT CO ...









Y


YA ...
YB 2 SKIN&BODY ...
YC ALL STAR CAB ...
YD AMERICA CO ...
YE ...
YF CANON CO ...
YG 4HUNDRED WAZE ...
YH 1 LLC ...
YI ADRIAN MD ...
YJ AGENCY LLC ...
YK AMERICA GROUP CO ...
YL 4 ED CO ...
YM 301 EAST COMPTON LLC ...




YN 10830 LLC ...
YO ...
YP ...
YQ CONSULTING CO ...
YR ADVISORY GROUP CO ...
YS ACCOUNTING PC ...
YT ADVERTISEMENT CO ...
YU ...
YV 70 LLC ...
YW AMERICA CO ...
YX CLEANING ...
YY ...




YZ ACUPUNCTURE ...
Y1WORLD WHOLESALE CO CO ...
Y2 ASSOCIATES ...
Y3 ...
Y4K LLC ...
Y5 COMMUNICATIONS ...
Y6 MANAGER LLC ...
Y7 APPAREL CO ...
Y8 STUDIO ...
Y9 CO ...
Y 100 9 FM ...
Y&B ASSOC ...









Z


ZA ADVERTISING ...
ZB BOX CO ...
ZC AUCTION CO ...
ZD ACQUISITION CO ...
ZE ANIMATION STUDIOS CO ...
ZF ACQUISITION CO ...
ZG APPLIANCE CO ...
ZH 37 CO ...
ZI BIN LI DBA ZI BIN LI ...
ZJ ADVISORS LLC ...
ZK BUILDING AND DEVELOPMENT CO ...
ZL ...
ZM ARTS ...




ZN CO ...
ZO BROS CO ...
ZP ABREGO CONSTRUCTION CO ...
ZQ CO ...
ZR 1546 FIRST LLC ...
ZS ACQUISITIONS CO ...
ZT AMPLIFIERS ...
ZU 2 CO ...
ZV CONSTRUCTION ...
ZW CARPET AND JANITOR ...
ZX APPEAL ...
ZY BODY&FOOT MASSAGE ...




Z1 ...
Z2 COMMUNICATIONS CO ...
Z3 CO ...
Z4 DEVELOPMENT CO ...
Z5 BRAND PROTECTION CONSULTING LLC ...
Z6 ENTERPRISES LLC ...
Z7 CONSULTING CO ...
Z8 ASSOCIATES CO ...
Z9 HOLDINGS LLC ...
Z0 JARV CO ...
Z 0 98 CENT PLUS ...
Z&AIR COND HEATING ...









1


1A 1 RESTORATION ...
1B SURFSIDE LLC ...
1C FILMS ...
1D FURNITURE ...
1E CO ...
1FACTLLC ...
1G COLLECTION ...
1H ESPOLA LP ...
1IMALLCOM ...
1J DRAFTESIGN CO ...
1K DESIGNS ...
1L PRODUCTIONS ...
1M DEPOT ...




1N CO ...
1O LLC LLC ...
1P VENTURES LLC ...
1QGREEN ...
1R ...
1S&0S CO ...
1TACO MEXICO ...
1U RING CO ...
1V1FUTBOL ...
1W35 LLC ...
1X 2X 3X MORE ...
1YBARRA DESIGN ...
1ZERO1 CO ...




11 000 LLC ...
12 0 27 PROTECTIVE SERVICES CO ...
13 000 VALLEYHEART CO ...
14 AF CCA ...
15 17 GLOVER STREET CONDOMINIUM HOMEOWNE ...
16 13 LLC LAND&DEV CO ...
17 18 CO ...
18 17TH AVE VENICE LLC ...
19 23 WOODWARD STREET PARTNERS ...
10 000 ANGELS LLC ...
1 0 LOCKSMITH ...
1&0 TEA HOUSE CO ...









2


2A AUTO BODY&PAINT ...
2B ASIAN BISTRO ...
2C CARE GIVERS ...
2D ANIMATION PRODUCTION STUDIO ...
2E AND MJ CO CO ...
2F AMERICAN CO ...
2G AUTO SALON CO ...
2H AT BUNZ AND CO ...
2I CONSULTING CO ...
2J ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC ...
2K ACCOUNTING CO ...
2L BIN CO ...
2M ARCHITECTURE ...




2N CLOTHING CO ...
2O7 NET EXPLAINED ...
2P HOLDINGS LLC ...
2Q FARMING CO ...
2R AND R CO ...
2S CRAFT CO ...
2T ASSOCIATES PHYSICIAN ASSISTANT CO ...
2U CO ...
2V MACHINE REPAIR AND SERVICE ...
2W ASSET MANAGEMENT LC ...
2X PRODUCTIONS ...
2Y CO ...
2Z AUTO RESTORATION ...




21 13 SURFBOARDS ...
22 APARTMENTS LLC ...
23 1 2 HRS SOS PLUMBING CO ...
24 0 0 HOUR LOCKSMITH ...
25 15 CO ...
26 2 VENTURES ...
27 000 PREPARATION CO ...
28 1 3 CO ...
29 1 2 SO GARFIELD ...
20 000 LEAGUES LLC ...
2 0 2 0 VISION ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT CO ...
2&2 TRADING CO ...









3


3A AUTO BODY CO ...
3B APPAREL ...
3C ...
3D ...
3E AMERICA HOMELINE CO ...
3F ...
3G ...
3H ...
3I ACADEMY LLC ...
3J 1706 ARLINGTON AVENUE LLC ...
3K AMERICAN TRADING CO ...
3L AMERICA CO ...
3M ...




3N CO ...
3O LLC ...
3P CLAIMS MANAGEMENT CO ...
3Q ASSET LLC ...
3R APP DEVS LLC ...
3S ASSOCIATES ...
3T AG SERVICE CO ...
3U AMERICA CO ...
3V BIOSCIENCES ...
3W ACCOUNTING&TAX ...
3X CO ...
3Y CO ...
3Z CO ...




31 35 39 HUNTINGTON CO ...
32 15TH STREET MANAGEMENT LLC ...
33 1 3 BOOKS COLLECTIVE LLC ...
34 44 STEINER LLC ...
35 125 MB CO ...
36 ADELANTO LLC ...
37 29TH AVE VENICE BEACH LLC ...
38 40 YUKON STREET HOMEOW ...
39 000 FEET ...
30 30 CLUBIN ...
3 00 AND DESTINY DESIGN STUDIOS ...
3&1 FARM CO ...









4


4A ACCOUNTING PERSONNEL ...
4B ASSOCIATES CO ...
4C ASSOCIATES LLC ...
4D AND CHIZOMA CO ...
4E CO ...
4F 5600 COLLINS LC ...
4G ACCOUNTING SOLUTIONS ...
4H ...
4I CIRCLE HOSPITALITY CO ...
4J 91 CO ...
4K BUENOS AIRES ...
4L ELECTRICAL DISTRIBUTORS CO ...
4M ADVENTURE GROUP CO ...




4N ENTERPRISES LP ...
4O EMC LLC ...
4P CATTLE CO CO ...
4Q CONDITIONING LLC ...
4R CLOVER CO ...
4S 37 38 LLC ...
4T BUILDERS ...
4U 2LOVE LLC ...
4V INTERNATIONAL NETWORKS ...
4W CANYON RANCH GROUP LLC ...
4X DEVELOPEMNT ...
4Y RANCHES ...
4Z CO ...




41 49 HIGHWAY JUNCTION LP ...
42 24 ENTERPRISES CO ...
43 100 COOK ST LLC ...
44 ACRE LLC ...
45 55 NEWELL LLC ...
46 10 LLC DELAWARE LLC ...
47 AUTOMOTIVE ...
48 52 DEVELOPMENT STUDIO ...
49 200 AVENIDA EL NIDO LLC ...
40 12TH STREET LLC ...
4 05 HIGHWAY TOWING SERVICE 24 7 ...
4&20 FESTIVAL LLC ...









5


5A BAIL BOND FOUNTAIN VALLEY ...
5B ARTIST MANAGEMENT ...
5C 2015 PRODUCTIONS LLC ...
5D ANIMATION ...
5E CO ...
5F ENTERPRISES CO ...
5G ...
5H ENTERPRISES ...
5I SCIENCES CO ...
5J FAMILY LP ...
5K CO ...
5L CO ...
5M AMERICAN TECHNOLOGY ...




5N1 INVESTMENTS CO ...
5OLOGY LLC ...
5P CO ...
5Q MEDIA CO ...
5R CO ...
5S BAIL BOND BAKERSFIELD BAKERSFIELD CA 93301 ...
5T ENTERPRISES ...
5UTTON PLACE HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION ...
5V MART DIVERSIFIED CO ...
5W CO ...
5X FASTER CO ...
5Y CO ...
5Z PROPERTIES LP ...




51 49 ENTERTAINMENT ...
52 48 CO ...
53 15TH STREET LLC ...
54 12 ENTERPRISES LLC ...
55 59TH PLACE HOLDINGS LLC ...
56 58 DIVISADERO ...
57 59 HIGH STREET LLC ...
58 20TH STREET LLC ...
59 75 RUBIN GROUP LP ...
50 000 RONIN PRODUCTIONS CO ...
5 0 5 DENTISTRY CO ...
5&1 ENTERPRISES LLC ...









6


6A AUTO SERVICE ...
6B GLASS IMPORTS ...
6C PROPERTIES LLC ...
6D FASHION GROUP LLC ...
6ELEMENTS CONSULTING ...
6F RANCH ...
6G9 FASHION DESIGNERS ...
6H DEL NORTE LLC ...
6ISAND CO ...
6J REAL ESTATE LLC ...
6K CAFE ...
6L LLC ...




6M CO ...
6N LLC ...
6OF9DESIGN LLC ...
6P VENTURES CO ...
6Q SOFTWARE CO ...
6RESORG CO ...
6S CO ...
6T NAILS ...
6U PROPERTY INVESTMENT LLC ...
6W FARMS CO ...
6X DEVELOPMENT 2 LLC ...
61 1 GLOBAL PARTNERS CO ...




62 ALESSANDRO PARTNERSHIP LP ...
63 CRESTA LLC ...
64 6TH STREET LLC ...
65 11 PAGES CO ...
66 AUTO SOUND ...
67 69 71 WALLER STREET CONDOMI ...
68 6TH STHOTEL OFFICE ETC ...
69 57 VILLAGE LLC ...
60 40 CO ...
6 1 DELIGHT ...
6&39 NETWORKS ...









7


7A ELIZABETH ST LLC ...
7B LLC ...
7C FOUNDATION CO ...
7D BUSINESS BUREAU CO ...
7E CO ...
7F AUDIO SVCS ...
7G ARBUCKLE INVESTMENT GROUP LLC ...
7H BRIARCLIFF APARTMENTS LLC ...
7I LLC ...
7J CO ...
7K COLOR CO ...
7L ASSET MANAGEMENT GROUP LLC ...
7M CATTLE CO ...




7N USA CO ...
7OAKS PLAZA ...
7P GIFT SERVICES LLC ...
7Q LIQUOR ...
7R APARTMENTS LLC ...
7S CO ...
7T RANCH ...
7UP ...
7VEN GROUP ...
7W ENTERPRISES CO ...
7X DIVINE MOBILE DETAILING ...
7YP CO ...
7Z LIVESTOCK CO LLC ...




71 2 RESTAURANT ...
72 60 CO ...
73 ALCATRAZ LLC ...
74 79 ASSOCIATES CALIFORNIA LP ...
75 1 2 RAINEY STREET LLC ...
76 1ST STREET LIVERMORE ...
77 79 OAKWOOD STREET LLC ...
78 1 INVESTMENTS CALIFORNIA LLC PA ...
79 69 MOTION PICTURES LC ...
70 78 OCEAN AVENUE OWNERS ASSOCIATION ...
7 000 ISLANDS TRAVEL SYSTEMS CO ...
7&7 LIQUOR JR MART ...









8


8A AUTO REPAIR ...
8B AVENUE CO ...
8CAN MEDIA CO ...
8DAWN LLC ...
8E6 ...
8F LLC ...
8G LLC ...
8H FOOD CO ...
8I NETWORK SOLUTIONS CO ...
8K MILES ...
8L DESIGN ...
8M CO ...




8N GROUP LLC ...
8OSEVEN CO ...
8P CO ...
8Q LABS CO ...
8R US INVESTMENT CLUB ...
8SA ASSOCIATES CO ...
8T LLC ...
8VA MUSIC CO ...
8WAL LIQUOR ...
8X DIGITAL CO ...
8Z REAL ESTATE ...
81 58 INDIAN HAIR CO CO ...




82 CLUB ...
83 85 BRADY STREET HOMEOW ...
84 BRAYS ISLAND LLC CALIFORNIA LP ...
85 15 LIFESTYLE ...
86 AMBLIN TELEVISION CO ...
87 ACQUISITION CO ...
88 12 CALIFORNIA LIMITE ...
89 AKE CO ...
80 10 10 LLC ...
8 000 BEVERLY CO ...
8&8 BAKING CO LLC ...









9


9A HONGSHENG INTERNATIONAL ...
9B APPAREL ...
9CIMA DEL MUNDO LLC ...
9D MEDIA ...
9EDGE CO ...
9FASHION OF CALIFORNIA CO ...
9G BUSINESS SOLUTIONS ...
9H CAPITAL LLC ...
9I MEDIA CO ...
9J CO ...
9K 4 K9S CO ...
9L LIVESTOCK ...




9M INVESTMENTS LP ...
9NITE MEDIA LLC ...
9ONE CO ...
9P GLOBAL SERVICES LLC ...
9R MOTOR SPORTS ...
9S ...
9T LLC ...
9WARDROBE CO ...
9X MEDIA CO ...
9YARDS COMPUTING LLC ...
9ZEROGROUP CO ...
91 15 BUSINESS PARK III LLC ...




92 ATHERTON AVE LLC ...
93 129 LLC CALIFORNIA LLC PARTNER ...
94 7 KSSJ SACRAMENTOS SMOOTH JAZZ ...
95 26TH AVENUE HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION ...
96 AND UP ...
97 03 ERS LLC ...
98 3 FM ...
99 24 FILMS ...
90 00 MINUTES SOCCER MAG ...
9 1 1 EMERGENCY TOWING ...
9&9 CO ...









0


0A AL&SONS APPLIANCE REPAIR ...
0B IM BROKE CO ...
0C CONSULTING LLC ...
0DD PRODUCTIONS ...
0EL TREBOL ...
0GO LIVING CO ...
0IN DESIGN AUTOMATION ...
0KW PENINSULA ESTATES ...
0LIVE LOCKSMITH ...
0MINKOFF GROUP ...




0N ROCK MASONRY&LANDSCAPE ...
0ORGANIZED SPORTS ...
0POINTLOAN ...
0RA CO ...
0STAR ONE SHELL ...
0TM FIGHT SHOP SAN FRANCISCO ...
0X00000001 LLC ...
01 AV CO ...
02 04 KMS ENTERPRISES CO ...
03 ASSOCIATES ...




04 08 2014 ...
05 STAR LIMO ...
06 26 MOTORSPORTS ...
07 AUTO REPAIR ...
08 CHURCH CO ...
09 13 2011 50 DISCOUNT 59 RSVP SPEED DATING CHAMPAGNE&GLITTE ...
00 24 HOUR EMERGENCY LOCKSMITH SACRAMENTO CA ...
0 0 0 24 HOUR LOCKSMITH ...
0&0&0 LOCKS&DOORS ...

















 






California Business Directory Index. MO ...

































Business DirectoryInformation on every company and professional organization









        Find businesses
    



business name





city, state, or zip code




Search






















CaliforniaMO
 



California Business Directory Index. MO ...








MO ...
MOBILE AIRWAVES ...
MOBILE INPUT DEVICES AND SYSTEMS ...
MOBILE THERAPISTS ...
MOBIUS CATERING CO ...
MODA BIANCO ...
MODERN AMERICA MAGAZINE CO ...
MODERN MEDIA MEMORY CO ...
MODESTO CHRISTIAN CENTER ...
MODOC ENGINEERING CO ...
MOFFATT REAL ESTATE ...
MOHAMMED REZAUL KARIM ...
MOJAVE COBALT LLC ...
MOLD CHECKED ...
MOLLUSK SURF SHOP ...
MOMENTUM FINANCIAL SERVICES CO ...
MON PETITE CHERI ...
MONARCH INSTRUMENT CO CO ...
MONDRY&MONDRY LAW OFFICES ...
MONEYLINE CALIFORNIA CO ...
MONIKAS CLEANING&MAINTENANCE SERVICES CO ...
MONO BASIN HISTORICAL SOCIETY ...
MONROYS SERVICES ...
MONTAGE SELECT LLC ...
MONTCLAIR TIRE CO ...
MONTEBELLO UNIFIED SC DIST ...
MONTEREY BAY FARMS LLC ...
MONTEREY LAWYER DUI ...
MONTERU ...
MONTGOMERY TERRI CPA ...
MONUMENTAL LIFE INSURANCE CO ...
MOON UP IN SKY CO ...
MOORE DOG GROOMING ...
MOORPARK EYE CARE ...
MORAGA CANYON VINEYARDS RES ...
MORE BILLABLE CO ...
MORENDEX ...
MORGAN AND MICELI CO ...
MORGAN STANLEY VENTURES LP ...
MORMON FIRE DEPARTMENT ...
MORONGO TRIBAL TANF ...
MORRIS&CO ...
MORSEP CO ...
MORTGAGE PROCESSING SOLUTIONS CO ...
MOSAIC COSMETICS LLC ...
MOSLEY ...
MOTAHAR M MOTAHAR ...
MOTHERS AT WORK ...
MOTLEY INK CO ...
MOTORCYCLE WHEEL WORKS CO ...
MOUNGTHONG CO ...
MOUNTAIN CARPET CO ...
MOUNTAIN MILL WORKS CO ...
MOUNTAIN VIEW PARK ...
MOVENTUM ...
MOVINGSCRIPTS ...















 






Business Directory of California. Mof Director Elementary ...

































Business DirectoryInformation on every company and professional organization









        Find businesses
    



business name





city, state, or zip code




Search






















CaliforniaMOMof Director Elementary ...
 



Business Directory of California. Mof Director Elementary ...







Mof Director Elementary
502 Collins St, King City, CA 93930


Categories:Elementary Schools
Phone:(831) 386-0516
Products:Elementary
Additional:Elementary School, High School
Business Background Report





Moezzi Erick
8601 Wilshire Blvd, Beverly Hills, CA 90211


Phone:(310) 358-9444
Business Background Report





Moezhart Property Rehabilatation & Management
1160 E Perrin Ave, Fresno, CA 93720


Industry:Real Estate Agent/Manager, Real Estate Agents and Managers
Member:Valda Mason (Partner)
Business Background Report





Moezi, Abdolreza, D.D.S
3000 Alamo Dr, Vacaville, CA 95687


Industry:Dentist's Office
Members (2):Moezi Abdolreza (Family And General Dentistry, Principal)Jackson Reza Moezi (Family And General Dentistry, inactive)
Business Background Report





Moez Shahrzad Amir
66 Cleary Ct, San Francisco, CA 94109


Industry:Business Services at Non-Commercial Site
Business Background Report





Moezi, Rezi
12095 Lausanne Way, Truckee, CA 96161


Industry:Dentist's Office
Business Background Report





MOF, INC
2365 E Valley Parkway, Escondido, CA 92027


Status:Inactive
Doing business as:MORTGAGE OPTIONS FINANCIAL, INC
Inactive reason:Revoked For Annual Report
Registration:Oct 16, 2002
Inactive since:Sep 25, 2009
State ID:F02000005308
Business type:Foreign Profit Corporation
Member:Ramzy Sabbara (President, Treasurer, Director, Secretary, Vice President, inactive), 27353 Red Iron Bark Dr, Valley Center, CA 92082 (Physical)
Agent:Corporation Service Company1201 Hays Street, Tallahassee, FL 32301 (Physical)
EIN:33-0749817
Business Background Report





MOEZ PLUMBING, INC
4063 Charles St, La Mesa, CA 91941


Status:Inactive
Industry:Plumbing/Heating/Air Cond Contractor
Registration:Jun 25, 1999
State ID:C2045257
Business type:Articles of Incorporation
Member:Gregory P. Moe (President, inactive)
Agent:Martin SchwartzLa Mesa, CA 91941 (Physical)
Business Background Report





MOEZ SUPPLY CO
Los Angeles, CA


Status:Inactive
Registration:Mar 6, 2007
Addresses:6709 La Tijera Blvd 3319, Los Angeles, CA 90045 (Physical)6709 La Tijera Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90045
State ID:C2914077
Business type:Articles of Incorporation
Member:Matthew Moses (President, inactive)
Business Background Report





MOF ENTERPRISES, INC
Los Angeles, CA


Status:Inactive
Registration:Jun 11, 1981
Addresses:9911 W Pico Blvd Penthouse A, Los Angeles, CA 90035 (Physical)9911 W Pico Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90035
State ID:C1046421
Business type:Articles of Incorporation
Member:Melinda O. Fee (President, inactive)
Agent:Harry F ShafferLos Angeles, CA 90035 (Physical)
Business Background Report





MOF HOLDINGS, INC
6045 Scott Way, Los Angeles, CA 90040


Status:Inactive
Registration:Apr 5, 1989
State ID:C1638360
Business type:Statement & Designation By Foreign Corporation
Entity State:DE
Member:R. W. Gore-Andrews (President, inactive)
Agent:Coast-United Advertising Co., IncMaywood, CA 90270 (Physical)
Business Background Report





M.O.F., INC
6333 West 3Rd St, Los Angeles, CA 90034


Status:Inactive
Registration:Jul 17, 1981
State ID:C1049655
Business type:Articles of Incorporation
Member:Viviana Gaszynski (President, inactive)
Agent:Michael TelerantBeverly Hills, CA 90210 (Physical)
Business Background Report





Mof
15744 Saticoy St, Van Nuys, CA 91406


Status:Inactive
Industry:Whol Homefurnishings
Member:Maria Orellana (Owner, inactive)
Business Background Report





MOEZ KHORSANDI, D.O., A PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL CORPORATION
1245 Wilshire Blvd Ste 917, Los Angeles, CA 90017


Status:Inactive
Registration:Sep 25, 2003
State ID:C2525371
Business type:Articles of Incorporation
Member:Moez Khorsandi (President, inactive)
Business Background Report





MOF, INC
10201 W Pico Blvd Bldg 12, Los Angeles, CA 90035


Status:Inactive
Registration:Sep 11, 2002
State ID:C2447072
Business type:Articles of Incorporation
Member:David Matalon (President, inactive)
Business Background Report





Moezie's Book Sells
208 Gelf Ln, Modesto, CA 95357


Status:Inactive
Industry:Whol Books/Newspapers
Business Background Report





Moez LLC
PO Box 9381, Brea, CA 92822


Status:Inactive
Industry:Real Estate
Registration:Aug 13, 1998
State ID:199822510044
Business type:Domestic
Members (2):Mohammad Tahami (Member, inactive)Ali Tahami (Member, inactive)
Business Background Report





MOEZEE MUZIK. (trademark)
San Diego, CA



Status:Inactive
Registration:Dec 6, 2001
State ID:76345217
Status:606 - Abandoned - no statement of use filed
Status date:Apr 9, 2003
Illustration:Typeset: Word(s)/letter(s)/number(s)
Attorney:Kurosh NasseriTHE LAW OFFICES OF KUROSH NASSERI3207A M St Nw 3Rd Fl, Washington, DC 20007
Employee:Richard F White
Goods & Services:"music", Series of musical sound recordings; pre-recorded compact discs, audio cassettes, digital video discs, phonograph records and digital audio files, all featuring music
Owner:Porcayo, Bertin, Jr, 3639 Midway Drive Suite B, #307, San Diego, CA 92110
























Medley Management Inc. Class A (NYSE:MDLY) Experiences Lighter than Usual Trading Volume 












































 Finance DailyDaily markets, commodities, personal finance and economic newsMedley Management Inc. Class A (NYSE:MDLY) Experiences Lighter than Usual Trading Volume
July 25, 2017 By Ted Blackburn Tweet
        Advertisement



Trading volume for Medley Management Inc. Class A was 209 in the last trading session.  Volume was down 99.58% under the stocks average daily volume. 
 These funds have also shifted positions in (MDLY).   Morgan Stanley reduced its ownership by selling 2,200 shares a decrease of 84.6%. Morgan Stanley owns 400 shares worth $3,000. The total value of its holdings decreased 88.5%. As of quarter end Tower Research Capital LLC (trc) had acquired  a total of 1,011 shares growing its stake by 115.7%. The value of the investment in Medley Management Inc. Class A increased from $5,000 to $16,000 a change of $11,000 quarter to quarter.
 State Street Corp expanded its investment by buying 12,463 shares an increase of 17.2% from 12/31/2016 to 03/31/2017. State Street Corp now controls 84,746 shares valued at $701,000. The value of the position overall is down by 2.2%. Bridgeway Capital Management Inc cut its holdings by shedding 17,300 shares a decrease of 19.3% in the quarter. Bridgeway Capital Management Inc controls 72,200 shares with a value of $599,000. The total value of its holdings decreased 32.4%.
  On November 17 the stock rating was downgraded to “Hold” from “Buy” and a price target of $10.50 was set by analysts at Deutsche Bank. Equity analyst Deutsche Bank downgraded the stock and raised the price target  on November 17 changing the price target from $9.00 to $10.50 and cutting the rating from “Buy” to “Hold”.
 On November 16 the company was upgraded from “Neutral” to “Buy” in an announcement from Ladenburg Thalmann. On August 19, 2016 Compass Point started coverage setting a rating of “Buy” and establishing a price target of $9.30.        Advertisement






 On August 17 the stock rating was downgraded to “Neutral” from “” with a current price target of $7.50 in a statement from Ladenburg Thalmann. August 16 investment analysts at Deutsche Bank held the company rating at “Buy” but moved up the price target from $6.30 to $9.00.
 In the market the company is trading down by -1.14 percent from yesterday’s close.  Medley Management Inc. Class A announced a dividend that was paid on Wednesday May 31st, 2017.  The dividend payment was $0.200 per share for the quarter or $0.80 annualized.  This dividend amount represented a yeild of $12.40.  The ex-dividend date was Thursday the 18th of May 2017. 
 Shares of the company are trading at $6.53 barely above $6.40, the stock’s 50 day moving average and a tad under the 200 day moving average of $7.87.  The 50 day moving average moved up $0.12 whereas the 200 day moving average was down $-1.35 or -17.126%. 
 The P/E ratio is 72.500 and market capitalization is 36.79M.  In the latest earnings report the EPS was $0.09 and is expected to be $0.51 for the current year with 5,638,000 shares currently outstanding.  Next quarter’s EPS is forecasted to be $0.14 with next year’s EPS projected to be $0.60. 
 Medley Management Inc., launched on June 13, 2014, is an asset management firm offering yield solutions to retail and institutional investors. The Company operates in the investment management segment. The Company is focused on credit-related investment strategies, primarily originating senior secured loans to private middle market companies in the United States. The Company generally holds these loans to maturity. Its national direct origination franchise provides capital to the middle market in the United States. The Company has approximately $4.8 billion of assets under management (AUM) in approximately two business development companies (BDCs), Medley Capital Corporation (MCC) and Sierra Income Corporation (SIC), as well as private investment vehicles. It has over $5 billion of AUM. The Company provides capital to over 300 companies across approximately 35 industries in North America. The Business’s long-dated private funds include MOF I, MOF II and MOF III. Its long-dated private funds are managed through partnership structures..
        Advertisement




TweetRevenue Generating Websites


Emerge Energy Services LP Commo (NYSE:EMES) Sees Significantly Lower Trading VolumeEMCOR Group, Inc. (NYSE:EME) Trading Volume Significantly LowerWestern Asset Emerging Markets  (NYSE:EMD) Experiences Light Trading VolumeEMC Insurance Group Inc. (NASDAQ:EMCI) Sees Significantly Lower Trading VolumeCallaway Golf Company (NYSE:ELY) Experiences Lighter than Average Trading VolumeEquity Lifestyle Properties, In (NYSE:ELS) Sees Light Trading Volume with 12K Shares Changing HandsCompanhia Paranaense de Energia (NYSE:ELP) Sees Unusual Trading Volume in Its Shares
Markets

Economy
Peer-to-Peer Loans Growing in Popularity Among ConsumersIncrease in Young American Adults Not Owning Credit Cards For Various Reasons
Credit / Loans
US Bank, Citibank: Today’s  Mortgage Interest Rates Jul 25, 2017US Bankcorp30 year fixed rate loan interest rates at  are being offered for 3.875% today yielding an APR of 3.946%.  Shorter … [Read More...]
Categories 
Breaking
Technology
Auto
Health
Personal Finance
Economy
Mortgage

About Fi Daily 
Home
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Accessibility
Terms of Use

 Reuters: Business News
Asia stocks, dollar steady as investors await Fed cluesAustralian watchdog takes Ford local unit to court over transmission complaintsApple ordered to pay $506 million to university in patent disputeExclusive: Viacom willing to make an all-cash deal to buy Scripps Networks - sourcesChipotle links sick worker to latest Norovirus outbreak







Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version


















Mof II Gp LLC · 375 Park Ave., Ste. 3304, New York, New York 10152










Toggle navigation





OPENDATANY




Corporation
Attorney

Authority

Food Inspection
Health Facility
Public Authority
Criminal Justice Agency
Fire Department
Employee
Lobbyist


School

Other

Child Care
Farmers Market
Food Store
Lottery Retailer
Real Estate License
Liquor
Vehicle Facility
Spill Incident





Go








Find NYS Corporation





Go


















		Mof II Gp LLC375 Park Ave., Ste. 3304, New York, New York 10152 



NYS Corporation




Delaware




New York County




New York




10152














MOF II GP LLC is corporation filed with the New York State Department of State (NYSDOS).
	The DOS ID is 3804148.
		The business entity is incorporated in 
		New York County.
		The entity type is 
		FOREIGN LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY.
	The initial DOS filing date is 
		04/29/2009.
	The address is 375 Park Ave., Ste. 3304, New York, New York 10152.
			The city is 
			New York, New York.
				The zip code is 
			10152.
				The jurisdiction state or country is
			Delaware.
		



Mof II Gp LLC · 375 Park Ave., Ste. 3304, New York, New York 10152




Department of State (DOS) ID

		3804148		


Current Entity Name

		MOF II GP LLC		


Entity Type

FOREIGN LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY



County Incorporated

NEW YORK



Jurisdiction State or Country

DELAWARE



Initial DOS Filing Date

04/29/2009



DOS Process Address

MOF II GP LLCATTN: CAROLYN GREENWALT375 PARK AVE., STE. 3304NEW YORKNEW YORK 10152				









				Seagram Building, 375 Park Ave #3304, New York, NY 10152, USA			









 subpremise: 
			3304			
 premise: 
			Seagram Building			
 street_number: 
			375			
 route: 
			Park Avenue (Park Ave) 			
 neighborhood: 
			Midtown			
 political: 
			Manhattan			
 locality: 
			New York			
 administrative_area_level_2: 
			New York County			
 administrative_area_level_1: 
			New York (NY) 			
 country: 
			United States (US) 			
 postal_code: 
			10152			
 types : subpremise			
 latitude: 40.7583709
 longitude: -73.9720135
 latlng: (40.7583709, -73.9720135)
 place_id: Ej1TZWFncmFtIEJ1aWxkaW5nLCAzNzUgUGFyayBBdmUgIzMzMDQsIE5ldyBZb3JrLCBOWSAxMDE1MiwgVVNB






Nearby NYS Corporation




DOS ID
Business Entity Name
Address


4282007
Arden Garden State Nj Fund, L.p.

				375 Park Avenue, 32nd Floor, New York, New York 10152				


4477571
Blackstone Strategic Capital Advisors L.l.c.

				345 Park Avenue 31st Fl., New York, New York 10154				


2849879
Nfs Sales, Inc.

				600 Lexington Ave 3rd Fl, New York, New York 10022				


5115184
Intuition Paris Corp.

				501 Madison Avenue 14th Floor, New York, New York 10022				


5127595
258 Garfield Place LLC

				570 Lexington Avenue 14th Floor, New York, New York 10022				


3659432
A2m Holding, LLC

				405 Park Avenue Suite 802, New York, New York 10022				


5137973
Xhankx LLC

				Withers Bergman LLP 430 Park Avenue, 10th Floor, New York, New York 10022				


4660403
1901 Partners Management Gp, LLC

				350 Park Avenue 13th Floor, New York, New York 10022				


5112905
Brinkworth Design (us) Inc.

				509 Madison Avenue 4th Floor, New York, New York 10022				


2900813
East 77th Street Holding, LLC

				Rfr Holding, LLC 390 Park Ave 3rd Fl, New York, New York 10022				


4997866
Brigade Capital Clo Funding I LLC

				399 Park Avenue, 16th Floor, New York, New York 10022				


5117169
Bethesda New Roc LLC

				477 Madison Avenue 6th Floor, New York, New York 10022				


4858645
Oa Sixth Ave LLC

				49 East 52nd Street, New York, New York 10022				


5116864
325 Fifth Ave Retail LLC

				Goldfarb & Fleece LLP 560 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10022				


1718040
Acp Mcarthur Partners, L.p.

				400 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022				


1340746
Kelso & Companies, Inc.

				320 Park Avenue / 24th Fl, New York, New York 10022				


2747067
Ctbs Everblue LLC

				641 Lexington Ave 20th Flr, New York, New York 10022				


4672549
Park Avenue Development Group LLC

				527 Madison Avenue 20th Floor, New York, New York 10022				


5125639
Education Advance

				575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor, New York, New York 10022				


3362339
Dunbar Capital Investors, LLC

				850 Third Ave, New York, New York 10022				
































 tow-ny auto body corp 
 ttow-ny auto body corp 
 eddie m ramos rochester ny 
 standingwave consulting llc 
 20f china resources building 8 jianguomenbei avenue dongcheng district 
 wanted sales llc 
 platinum auto firm 
 hainan cihang charity foundation inc 
 deli on beach 17th street and seagirt boulevard far rockaway 
 prime brands group inc. 















Delaware · NYS Corporation










Toggle navigation





OPENDATANY




Corporation
Attorney

Authority

Food Inspection
Health Facility
Public Authority
Criminal Justice Agency
Fire Department
Employee
Lobbyist


School

Other

Child Care
Farmers Market
Food Store
Lottery Retailer
Real Estate License
Liquor
Vehicle Facility
Spill Incident





Go








Find NYS Corporation





Go


















		Delaware · NYS Corporation		



NYS Corporation




Delaware















Delaware ·  NYS Corporation




DOS ID
Business Entity Name
Address


5164038
Tbm, LLC

				220 East 23rd Street Ste. 400, New York, New York 10010				


5164031
Cos Bar Retail LLC

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5164014
Ri 128 26th Street, LLC

				105 Oceana Drive East Ph1d, Brooklyn, New York 11235				


5164007
Ri 192 8th Avenue, LLC

				105 Oceana Drive East, Ph1d, Brooklyn, New York 11235				


5164006
East 117 Realty LLC

				266 Broadway, Suite 403, Brooklyn, New York 11211				


5164001
Rad Technology Medical Systems, LLC

				351 California Street 15th Floor, San Francisco, California 94104				


5163983
Vision Capital Ny Inc.

				410 Jericho Tpke Suite 103, Jericho, New York 11753				


5163970
Trnk New York, Inc.

				80 State Street, Albany, New York 12207-2543				


5163968
Track 3 Holdings, LLC

				10 East 40th Street, 10th Fl, New York, New York 10016				


5163963
Applied Research Investments, LLC

				22 Cortland St. 16th Floor, New York, New York 10007				


5163925
109 West 27th Street Realty LLC

				419 Lafayette Street, 5th Fl, New York, New York 10003				


5163880
Platos Loft LLC

				270 Madison Ave. 19th Fl, New York, New York 10016				


5163868
Turtle Audio, Inc.

				328 Dean St Apt 3c, Brooklyn, New York 11217				


5163866
Decovo, Inc.

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5163860
1661 Pa Realty LLC

				266 Broadway Ste 403, Brooklyn, New York 11211				


5163833
Genrock Capital Management, Lp

				477 Madison Ave. Suite 520, New York, New York 10022				


5163831
Swto LLC

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5163825
Fritzen Publishing LLC

				18 Elm Place, Albany, New York 12203				


5163821
Bm 12 - Holding Company, LLC

				1271 Avenue of The Americas Suite 4300, New York, New York 10020				


5163820
Demetrix, Inc.

				10 East 40th Street, 10th Fl., New York, New York 10016				


5163819
Ardene Usa Inc.

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5163814
Faq App, Inc.

				329 E. 58th Street, Apt. 3a, New York, New York 10022				


5163805
The Estee Lauder Companies Charitable Foundation

				80 State Street, Albany, New York 12207-2543				


5163804
Mott Forever Inc.

				64 Allen Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10002				


5163796
Ravle, Inc.

				100 Madison Street, Suite 1905, Syracuse, New York 13202				


5163763
Fc Brands LLC

				500 W Madison St Ste 3700, Chicago, Illinois 60661				


5163755
Chambers Point Gp, LLC

				630 Fifth Avenue, Suite 2000, New York, New York 10111				


5163747
Qpt 24th Street Owner LLC

				299 Park Avenue, 42nd Floor, New Yrok, New York 10171				


5163738
Chambers Point Capital, Lp

				630 Fifth Avenue, Suite 2000, New York, New York 10111				


5163712
Sagelink Inc.

				345 West 58th Street, New York, New York 10019				


5163693
Prytime Medical Devices Inc

				229 N Main Street, Boerne, Texas 78006				


5163674
200 Haven Owner, LLC

				256 W. 116th Street Second Floor, New York, New York 10026				


5163655
Green Deer Holdings Management LLC

				One Battery Park Plaza, New York, New York 10004				


5163634
Qsemble Ip LLC

				200 East 66th Street Apt. B806, New York, New York 10065				


5163629
Apf 60 Charlton Owner Gp LLC

				28 West 44th Street, 7th Fl., New York, New York 10036				


5163625
Qsemble Capital Management Gp LLC

				200 East 66th Street Apt. B806, New York, New York 10065				


5163617
Grove Felix LLC

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5163604
Mainframe Holdings LLC

				One Battery Park Plaza, New York, New York 10004				


5163549
Green Deer Holdings LLC

				One Battery Park Plaza, New York, New York 10004				


5163541
Mainframe Holdings Management LLC

				One Battery Park Plaza, New York, New York 10004				


5163533
Chambers Point Fund I, Lp

				630 Fifth Avenue Suite 2000, New York, New York 10111				


5163520
N26 Inc.

				10 Bank Street, Suite 560, White Plains, New York 10606				


5163505
Pfs Services LLC

				989 6th Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, New York 10018				


5163499
55 Pearlkmm, LLC

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5163466
Bockhaus LLC

				90 State Street Ste 700 Office 40, Albany, New York 12207				


5163459
Fam Ventures, Inc.

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5163455
Participant Channel, LLC

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5163452
Verdant Analytics LLC

				200 Liberty Street Third Floor, New York, New York 10281				


5163450
Qsemble Capital Management Lp

				200 East 66th Apt B806, New York, New York 10065				


5163438
Pineapple Metrics Inc.

				187 Wolf Road Suite 101, Albany, New York 12205				


5163435
Click Notices, Inc.

				1218 Central Avenue Suite 100, Albany, New York 12205				


5163426
Geostar Worldwide LLC

				90 State Street Ste 700 Office 40, Albany, New York 12207				


5163366
Ensono, Lp

				3333 Finley Road, Downers Grove, Illinois 60515				


5163360
Naht Strong Families Fund 2015, Limited Partnership

				Nat'l Affordable Housing Trust 2245 North Bank Drive Ste 200, Columbus, Ohio 43220				


5163282
Chesapeake Research Review, LLC

				6940 Columbia Gateway Dr Suite 110, Columbia, Maryland 21046				


5163260
Ticp - New York, Inc.

				15 North Mill Street, Nyack, New York 10960				


5163230
Daroga Power LLC

				226 W 37th Street 3rd Floor, New York, New York 10018				


5163212
Aleph Motion Pictures, LLC

				90 State Street Ste 700 Office 40, Albany, New York 12207				


5163206
Anti-bullying Campaign Corp.

				471 Oakland Avenue, Cedarhurst, New York 11516				


5163159
Chaverware, LLC

				1242 Sixth Avenue, Columbus, Georgia 37901				


5163156
Nick Graham Clothing Company LLC

				134 West 37th Street 4th Floor, New York, New York 10018				


5163154
Bellami, LLC

				410 W. 14th Street, New York, New York 10014				


5163148
Consular Outsourcing Bls Services Inc.

				40 Exchange Place Suite 1602, New York, New York 10005				


5163140
Coatue Ct Xx LLC

				9 West 57th Street, 25th Floor, New York, New York 10019				


5163128
Discoverlist Inc.

				101 Jefferson Ave, Apt 3a, Brooklyn, New York 11216				


5163111
443-3g Greenwich Properties, LLC

				7284 W. Palmetto Park Road Suite 101, Boca Raton, Florida 33433				


5163102
Cerberus Nd Private Credit Fund, LLC

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5163101
Lgafuel LLC

				80 State Street, Albany, New York 12207-2543				


5163100
Spt Prairie 2003 Walden Ave., LLC

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5163095
Gi.be. International Inc.

				16 Court St 14th Fl, Brooklyn, New York 11241				


5163089
Adgenesis Holdings LLC

				49 West 27th Street Mezzanine West, New York, New York 10001				


5163086
Liberty Services Alliance, Inc.

				1045 James Street, Syracuse, New York 13203				


5163085
Migara Ventures, LLC

				35 Highview Drive, Huntington, New York 11743				


5163084
Cliff Street Partners, LLC

				25 Robert Pitt Drive Suite 204, Monsey, New York 10952				


5163077
Civilapp LLC

				48 S Service Road, Suite 404, Melville, New York 11747				


5163070
Remedient LLC

				300 E 91st Street Apt. 5r, New York, New York 10128				


5163028
Mid Atlantic Foundation for Asian Artists Inc.

				90 State Street Ste 700 Office 40, Albany, New York 12207				


5163024
Bayit Y&ad LLC

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5163013
Cerberus Nd Credit Manager, LLC

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5162931
Soloh Partners Inc.

				315 West 36th Street 5th Floor, New York, New York 10018				


5162922
Master Clinicians, LLC

				46 Choir Lane, Westbury, New York 11590				


5162827
Stayin' Trendy Inc.

				270 Half Hollow Rd, Dix Hills, New York 11746				


5162825
Greystone Development Asset Management Corp.

				152 West 57th Street 60th Floor, Ny, New York 10019				


5162810
Bny Investment Management Services LLC

				225 Liberty Street, New York, New York 10286				


5162798
Canon General Partner LLC

				9465 Wilshire Boulevard 6th Floor, Beverly Hills, California 90212				


5162794
Gersh Canon LLC

				9465 Wilshire Boulevard 6th Floor, Beverly Hills, California 90212				


5162790
Fedex Supply Chain Transportation Management LLC

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5162771
Bhv Entrepreneurship Fund II Gp, LLC

				65 N. Moore St, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10013				


5162764
Bhv Entrepreneurship Fund Gp, LLC

				65 N. Moore St, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10013				


5162761
Scout Ventures Fund IIi Gp, LLC

				65 N. Moore St, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10013				


5162733
Canon Media Group, L.p.

				9465 Wilshire Boulevard 6th Floor, Beverly Hills, California 90212				


5162726
Westbourne Partners Lp

				111 Eighth Avenue 13th Floor, New York, New York 10011				


5162695
Bhv Entrepreneurship Fund Ia, L.p.

				65 N. Moore St., 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10013				


5162678
Fwa Holding LLC

				163 Washington Avenue Apartment 6b, Brooklyn, New York 11205				


5162670
Legacy Energy Solutions, LLC

				5678 Berkshire Valley Road Suite C, Oak Ridge, New Jersey 07438				


5162669
The English-speaking Union of The United States Buffalo Branch, LLC

				144 East 39th Street, New York, New York 10016				


5162665
Careit Health, LLC

				5307 S Hyde Park Blvd 2nd Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60615				


5162638
Little Lentil LLC

				7014 13th Avenue, Suite 202, Brooklyn, New York 11228				


5162614
Plr Analytics LLC

				132 East 43rd Street #507, New York, New York 10017				


5162589
Arch Underwriters Inc.

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				







Jurisdiction · NYS Corporation





Jurisdiction
Corporations


1.


							New York

2149970
85.42%


2.


							Delaware

132710
5.27%


3.


							New Jersey

21322
0.85%


4.


							California

7397
0.29%


5.


							Pennsylvania

6830
0.27%


6.


							Florida

6144
0.24%


7.


							Connecticut

5376
0.21%


8.


							Nevada

4338
0.17%


9.


							Massachusetts

3777
0.15%


10.


							Illinois

3525
0.14%


11.


							Ohio

3262
0.13%


12.


							Texas

3206
0.13%


13.


							Maryland

2847
0.11%


14.


							Georgia

2154
0.09%


15.


							Virginia

2030
0.08%


16.


							Michigan

1875
0.07%


17.


							North Carolina

1291
0.05%


18.


							Colorado

1228
0.05%


19.


							Minnesota

1175
0.05%


20.


							Cayman Islands

1089
0.04%





			Show More
		



						Missouri (1066)
					



						District of Columbia (979)
					



						Washington (937)
					



						Indiana (931)
					



						Arizona (787)
					



						Vermont (778)
					



						Wisconsin (777)
					



						Tennessee (777)
					



						Wyoming (613)
					



						New Hampshire (562)
					



						Maine (559)
					



						Utah (495)
					



						Rhode Island (489)
					



						Oregon (486)
					



						Canada (485)
					



						Kentucky (478)
					



						Louisiana (462)
					



						Oklahoma (444)
					



						Kansas (431)
					



						South Carolina (414)
					



						Alabama (372)
					



						Iowa (335)
					



						Nebraska (247)
					



						Netherlands Antilles (212)
					



						British Virgin Islands (205)
					



						Arkansas (193)
					



						Alaska (183)
					



						West Virginia (182)
					



						Idaho (182)
					



						Ontario (180)
					



						United Kingdom (151)
					



						Mississippi (134)
					



						Japan (134)
					



						New Mexico (131)
					



						Montana (126)
					



						Panama (125)
					



						Hawaii (115)
					



						All Others (114)
					



						South Dakota (112)
					



						England (90)
					


























 tow-ny auto body corp 
 ttow-ny auto body corp 
 eddie m ramos rochester ny 
 standingwave consulting llc 
 20f china resources building 8 jianguomenbei avenue dongcheng district 
 wanted sales llc 
 platinum auto firm 
 hainan cihang charity foundation inc 
 deli on beach 17th street and seagirt boulevard far rockaway 
 prime brands group inc. 















New York County · NYS Corporation










Toggle navigation





OPENDATANY




Corporation
Attorney

Authority

Food Inspection
Health Facility
Public Authority
Criminal Justice Agency
Fire Department
Employee
Lobbyist


School

Other

Child Care
Farmers Market
Food Store
Lottery Retailer
Real Estate License
Liquor
Vehicle Facility
Spill Incident





Go








Find NYS Corporation





Go


















		New York County · NYS Corporation		



NYS Corporation




New York County















New York County · NYS Corporation





						New York (498135)
					



						Buffalo (26214)
					



						White Plains (17174)
					



						Long Island City (12678)
					



						Lynbrook (3491)
					



						East Elmhurst (2612)
					



						Wilmington (2307)
					



						Glendale (2185)
					



						Elmira (1577)
					



						New York City (1329)
					



						Greenwich (1231)
					



						Chicago (1092)
					



						Fort Lee (779)
					



						Washington (766)
					



						San Francisco (731)
					



						Miami (730)
					



						Boca Raton (728)
					



						East Patchogue (709)
					



						Englewood Cliffs (600)
					



						Mohegan Lake (592)
					



						Atlanta (591)
					



						Edison (544)
					



						Saint Albans (523)
					



						Dover (499)
					



						Las Vegas (441)
					



						Beverly Hills (415)
					



						Lido Beach (412)
					



						Newark (397)
					



						Westport (377)
					



						Dallas (370)
					



						Manhattan (369)
					



						Princeton (335)
					



						Baltimore (334)
					



						Austin (315)
					



						Nyc (294)
					



						Seattle (274)
					



						Miami Beach (261)
					



						Secaucus (260)
					



						Wayne (258)
					



						Santa Monica (244)
					





						10011 (52375)
					



						10022 (35444)
					



						10016 (30555)
					



						10017 (29545)
					



						10001 (29289)
					



						10019 (22606)
					



						10018 (21270)
					



						10013 (16323)
					



						10003 (15068)
					



						10021 (11448)
					



						14221 (10558)
					



						10023 (10349)
					



						10010 (10319)
					



						10002 (9591)
					



						10007 (9169)
					



						10004 (8608)
					



						10025 (8340)
					



						10024 (7919)
					



						10014 (7673)
					



						10128 (7010)
					



						10028 (6983)
					



						10006 (5289)
					



						10009 (4868)
					



						00000 (4697)
					



						10027 (4176)
					



						10065 (3994)
					



						11225 (3930)
					



						10029 (3836)
					



						11102 (3733)
					



						10469 (3611)
					



						11563 (3489)
					



						10033 (3078)
					



						10031 (3045)
					



						11420 (2982)
					



						10606 (2980)
					



						10032 (2761)
					



						10026 (2740)
					



						10035 (2308)
					



						10034 (2281)
					



						10165 (2202)
					







New York County ·  NYS Corporation




DOS ID
Business Entity Name
Address


5164119
The Brown Room LLC

				386 Lakehurst Rd, Browns Mills, New Jersey 08015				


5164117
Greenlight Design & Development Corp

				Po Box 602, Buffalo, New York 14205				


5164111
Made To You Christian Ambassadors, Inc.

				200 West 26th Street #6p, New York, New York 10001				


5164107
The Red Room LLC

				1014 North Ave, Elizabeth, New Jersey 07201				


5164101
Elizio Group LLC

				2214 99th St 2nd Flr, East Elmhurst, New York 11369				


5164098
Gnartrade LLC

				97 Clinton Street, Apt. 2b, New York, New York 10002				


5164090
Channel Grocery Corp

				571 West 173 Street, New York, New York 10032				


5164086
Laurel Usa Inc.

				80 State St., Albany, New York 12207				


5164082
Tsai's Property 400 Fifth LLC

				5 E 22nd Street, Apt. 17p, New York, New York 10010				


5164071
Keillor Group LLC

				11 Broadway Suite 615, New York, New York 10004				


5164070
Treadwell61, LLC

				86 Franklin St, Fl 5, New York, New York 10013				


5164069
Khalsa 13 Inc

				13535 129th St, S Ozone Park, New York 11420				


5164067
Royal Prestige Gold, LLC

				148 Post Avenue, Ste 213, New York, New York 10034				


5164066
Blue Heron Global Venture Fund LLC

				1967 Wehrle Drive Suite 1 #086, Buffalo, New York 14221				


5164056
Newfield Hldgs LLC

				270 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10016				


5164055
Mama Pops LLC

				118 West 119th Street, New York, New York 10026				


5164049
Finmeta Capital Group LLC

				26-55 29th Street, Long Island City, New York 11102				


5164045
Nex Sef Limited

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5164042
Dpr Construction IIi, Inc.

				111 Eighth Avenue - 13th Floor, New York, New York 10011				


5164038
Tbm, LLC

				220 East 23rd Street Ste. 400, New York, New York 10010				


5164036
Ece Studio of Art LLC

				2146b S. Archer Ave., Chicago, Illinois 60616				


5164031
Cos Bar Retail LLC

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5164019
Intueor Consulting, Inc.

				7700 Irvine Center Dr Ste 610, Irvine, California 92618				


5164009
En Passant Ltd.

				19 Christopher Street, New York, New York 10014				


5164005
Sandradell, Inc

				90 State Street Ste 700, Office 40, Albany, New York 12207				


5164001
Rad Technology Medical Systems, LLC

				351 California Street 15th Floor, San Francisco, California 94104				


5163998
Tps Hospitality LLC

				129 Mulberry Street Apt. 2b, New York, New York 10013				


5163978
Entertainment Access LLC

				710 Broadway, 6th Floor, New York, New York 10003				


5163973
Phoenix Psychological Services, P.C.

				725 River Road Suite 32-110, Edgewater, New Jersey 07020				


5163970
Trnk New York, Inc.

				80 State Street, Albany, New York 12207-2543				


5163963
Applied Research Investments, LLC

				22 Cortland St. 16th Floor, New York, New York 10007				


5163950
Pactum LLC

				12 East 49th Street, 11th Fl, New York, New York 10017				


5163944
Christmas Jewell Corporation

				90 State Street Ste 700, Office 40, Albany, New York 12207				


5163941
Acre - J&g, LLC

				642 West Water St., Elmira, New York 14905				


5163933
Function of Beauty New York LLC

				1412 Broadway 21st Floor, New York, New York 10018				


5163930
Rule No. 1, Inc.

				155 East 34th Street #3s, New York, New York 10016				


5163927
Delusion Trading, Inc.

				15 Buckingham Place, Lynbrook, New York 11563				


5163925
109 West 27th Street Realty LLC

				419 Lafayette Street, 5th Fl, New York, New York 10003				


5163921
Affine Group Inc.

				11 Martine Avenue, White Plains, New York 10606				


5163913
116 Street Marini Deli Grocery, Inc.

				1869a Lexington Ave., New York, New York 10029				


5163898
Fsm2 Inc.

				17 East Broadway Store B, New York, New York 10002				


5163896
Mommy Look Alike By Abigail Bella LLC

				90 State Street Ste 700, Office 40, Albany, New York 12207				


5163887
Techcomm Products LLC

				1 West 34th Street 10th Fl, New York, New York 10001				


5163880
Platos Loft LLC

				270 Madison Ave. 19th Fl, New York, New York 10016				


5163869
Milk Bottle Limited Partnership

				1560 Broadway Suite 1214, New York, New York 10036				


5163866
Decovo, Inc.

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5163857
Chop Studios, Inc.

				7014 13th Avenue Suite 202, Brooklyn, New York 11228				


5163856
Three Mile Capital LLC

				1120 Park Avenue, 17a, New York, New York 10128				


5163854
915 Saint John's Hpg Member II LLC

				20 West 22nd Street Ste. 1601, New York, New York 10010				


5163847
Vitevity Health, Pllc

				2 Bala Plaza Pl-08, Cywnwyd, Pennsylvania 19004				


5163843
227 Street Plaza Corp

				176-25 Union Turnpike #235, Fresh Meadows, New York 11366				


5163841
Energy Efficient Lighting Design, LLC

				450 W. 42nd St., #23l, New York, New York 10036				


5163839
Papasilenus, LLC

				40 E. 69th St., New York, New York 10021				


5163835
J. Mueser Ltd.

				19 Christopher Street, New York, New York 10014				


5163833
Genrock Capital Management, Lp

				477 Madison Ave. Suite 520, New York, New York 10022				


5163831
Swto LLC

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5163822
Asp Photographers Inc

				99 Wall Street Suite 1422, New York, New York 10005				


5163820
Demetrix, Inc.

				10 East 40th Street, 10th Fl., New York, New York 10016				


5163817
111 Ave Plaza 1 Inc

				176-25 Union Turnpike, #235, Fresh Meadows, New York 11366				


5163815
Humansrus Inc.

				90 State Street Ste 700, Office 40, Albany, New York 12207				


5163814
Faq App, Inc.

				329 E. 58th Street, Apt. 3a, New York, New York 10022				


5163811
Klc LLC

				840 East 8th St Apt 6h, Brooklyn, New York 11230				


5163806
Petbnb, LLC

				90 State Street Ste 700, Office 40, Albany, New York 12207				


5163805
The Estee Lauder Companies Charitable Foundation

				80 State Street, Albany, New York 12207-2543				


5163804
Mott Forever Inc.

				64 Allen Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10002				


5163802
Villa Transporter Inc

				561 W 179th St Apt 1c, New York, New York 10033				


5163798
915 Saint John's Hpg Partner II LLC

				20 West 22nd Street Ste. 1601, New York, New York 10010				


5163794
Marion Group Entertainment Limited Liability Company

				550 West 54th Street Apt 831, New York, New York 10019				


5163792
Bua Fitness, Inc.

				7014 13th Avenue Suite 202, Brooklyn, New York 11228				


5163791
Unlock Business Solutions Inc.

				395 South End Avenue, Apt 6e, New York, New York 10280				


5163789
915 Saint John's Hpg Investor II LLC

				20 West 22nd Street Ste 1601, New York, New York 10010				


5163788
Jv Consultant LLC

				1986 Amsterdam Ave Main Floor, New York, New York 10032				


5163779
915 Saint John's Hpg Member LLC

				20 West 22nd Street Suite 1601, New York, New York 10010				


5163770
915 Saint John's Hpg Partner LLC

				20 West 22nd Street Ste. 1601, New York, New York 10010				


5163769
Agci Inc

				2751 Bedford Ave, Brooklyn, New York 11210				


5163768
Habitat Specialty Pharmacy, Inc.

				236 East 47th Street Suite 21d, New York, New York 10017				


5163767
Dennison B 3.7, LLC

				90 State Street Ste 700, Office 40, Albany, New York 12207				


5163763
Fc Brands LLC

				500 W Madison St Ste 3700, Chicago, Illinois 60661				


5163753
V2 Consulting LLC

				525 West 28th Street Apt 852, New York, New York 10001				


5163747
Qpt 24th Street Owner LLC

				299 Park Avenue, 42nd Floor, New Yrok, New York 10171				


5163733
915 Saint John's Hpg Investor LLC

				20 West 22nd Street Suite 1601, New York, New York 10010				


5163727
Jphd03a Inc.

				14 W 23rd Street 5th Floor, New York, New York 10010				


5163726
La Prestige, Inc.

				420 Lexington Avenue Suite 2320, New York, New York 10170				


5163724
Juicedelivery, LLC

				10 East 40th Street, 10th Fl, New York, New York 10016				


5163712
Sagelink Inc.

				345 West 58th Street, New York, New York 10019				


5163708
915 St John's Holdings LLC

				20 West 22nd Street Ste. 1601, New York, New York 10010				


5163698
Cca 270 St. Nicholas LLC

				28 East 28th Street, 9th Floor, New York, New York 10016				


5163694
Andrew Dong Learning LLC

				1967 Wehrle Drive Suite 1 #086, Buffalo, New York 14221				


5163692
Eliliana Lora Corp

				444 2nd Ave, Apt 32b, New York, New York 10010				


5163686
50 West 46d LLC

				36 East 72nd Street, New York, New York 10021				


5163674
200 Haven Owner, LLC

				256 W. 116th Street Second Floor, New York, New York 10026				


5163670
Blended Black Family LLC

				10 Catherine Slip, Apt. 11b, New York, New York 10038				


5163667
Explore & Discover Lic, LLC

				80 Broad Street Suite 1702, New York, New York 10004				


5163665
Zeng Law Office, P.C.

				100 Church Street, Suite 800, New York, New York 10007				


5163662
Family Care Referral, LLC

				1001 Avenue of The Americas Fl 12, New York, New York 10018				


5163659
Tkoworldwide Inc

				7235 Myrtle Ave Apt 2r, Glendale, New York 11385				


5163655
Green Deer Holdings Management LLC

				One Battery Park Plaza, New York, New York 10004				


5163652
75 Bedford Street LLC

				75 Bedford Street, New York, New York 10014				


5163645
Shai Realty Management, Inc.

				62 West 48th Street Apt. 5f, New York, New York 10036				


5163634
Qsemble Ip LLC

				200 East 66th Street Apt. B806, New York, New York 10065				







County · NYS Corporation





County
Corporations


1.


							New York County
						

567802
22.56%


2.


							Kings County
						

297978
11.84%


3.


							Nassau County
						

234567
9.32%


4.


							Queens County
						

230041
9.14%


5.


							Suffolk County
						

199512
7.93%


6.


							Westchester County
						

147366
5.86%


7.


							Bronx County
						

75073
2.98%


8.


							Albany County
						

66610
2.65%


9.


							Erie County
						

65619
2.61%


10.


							Monroe County
						

53284
2.12%


11.


							Rockland County
						

48192
1.91%


12.


							Richmond County
						

43519
1.73%


13.


							Orange County
						

38307
1.52%


14.


							Onondaga County
						

33888
1.35%


15.


							Dutchess County
						

26789
1.06%


16.


							Saratoga County
						

17402
0.69%


17.


							Ulster County
						

16457
0.65%


18.


							Putnam County
						

11550
0.46%


19.


							Oneida County
						

11496
0.46%


20.


							Broome County
						

11413
0.45%





			Show More
		



						Niagara (10590)
					



						Rensselaer (10229)
					



						Schenectady (9529)
					



						Sullivan (9306)
					



						Columbia (7016)
					



						Ontario (6678)
					



						Tompkins (6673)
					



						Chautauqua (6564)
					



						Warren (6402)
					



						Greene (5292)
					



						Jefferson (5209)
					



						Oswego (4674)
					



						Steuben (4217)
					



						Clinton (4146)
					



						St. Lawrence (4132)
					



						Wayne (3929)
					



						Chemung (3914)
					



						Delaware (3786)
					



						Cayuga (3683)
					



						Madison (3570)
					



						Otsego (3518)
					



						Cattaraugus (3472)
					



						Washington (3457)
					



						Essex (3349)
					



						Livingston (3141)
					



						Genesee (3131)
					



						Herkimer (2889)
					



						Montgomery (2733)
					



						Fulton (2634)
					



						Chenango (2406)
					



						Franklin (2371)
					



						Cortland (2198)
					



						Tioga (2047)
					



						Allegany (1913)
					



						Wyoming (1865)
					



						Schoharie (1819)
					



						Seneca (1594)
					



						Orleans (1529)
					



						Lewis (1308)
					



						Yates (1229)
					



						Schuyler (939)
					



						Hamilton (747)
					


























 520 w 27th ste 1002 ny 
 tow-ny auto body corp 
 ttow-ny auto body corp 
 eddie m ramos rochester ny 
 standingwave consulting llc 
 20f china resources building 8 jianguomenbei avenue dongcheng district 
 wanted sales llc 
 platinum auto firm 
 hainan cihang charity foundation inc 
 deli on beach 17th street and seagirt boulevard far rockaway 
 prime brands group inc. 















New York · NYS Corporation










Toggle navigation





OPENDATANY




Corporation
Attorney

Authority

Food Inspection
Health Facility
Public Authority
Criminal Justice Agency
Fire Department
Employee
Lobbyist


School

Other

Child Care
Farmers Market
Food Store
Lottery Retailer
Real Estate License
Liquor
Vehicle Facility
Spill Incident





Go








Find NYS Corporation





Go


















		New York · NYS Corporation		



NYS Corporation




New York















New York · NYS Corporation





						10011 (52375)
					



						10022 (35444)
					



						10016 (30555)
					



						10017 (29545)
					



						10001 (29289)
					



						10019 (22606)
					



						10036 (22324)
					



						10018 (21270)
					



						10038 (19258)
					



						10013 (16323)
					



						10003 (15068)
					



						10021 (11448)
					



						10023 (10349)
					



						10010 (10319)
					



						10002 (9591)
					



						10007 (9169)
					



						10012 (9155)
					



						10005 (9034)
					



						10004 (8608)
					



						10025 (8340)
					



						10024 (7919)
					



						10014 (7673)
					



						10128 (7010)
					



						10028 (6983)
					



						10006 (5289)
					



						10009 (4868)
					



						00000 (4697)
					



						10027 (4176)
					



						10065 (3994)
					



						10029 (3836)
					



						10033 (3078)
					



						10031 (3045)
					



						10032 (2761)
					



						10026 (2740)
					



						10075 (2571)
					



						10020 (2487)
					



						10118 (2391)
					



						10035 (2308)
					



						10034 (2281)
					



						10165 (2202)
					







New York ·  NYS Corporation




DOS ID
Business Entity Name
Address


5164111
Made To You Christian Ambassadors, Inc.

				200 West 26th Street #6p, New York, New York 10001				


5164098
Gnartrade LLC

				97 Clinton Street, Apt. 2b, New York, New York 10002				


5164090
Channel Grocery Corp

				571 West 173 Street, New York, New York 10032				


5164082
Tsai's Property 400 Fifth LLC

				5 E 22nd Street, Apt. 17p, New York, New York 10010				


5164071
Keillor Group LLC

				11 Broadway Suite 615, New York, New York 10004				


5164070
Treadwell61, LLC

				86 Franklin St, Fl 5, New York, New York 10013				


5164067
Royal Prestige Gold, LLC

				148 Post Avenue, Ste 213, New York, New York 10034				


5164056
Newfield Hldgs LLC

				270 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10016				


5164055
Mama Pops LLC

				118 West 119th Street, New York, New York 10026				


5164045
Nex Sef Limited

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5164042
Dpr Construction IIi, Inc.

				111 Eighth Avenue - 13th Floor, New York, New York 10011				


5164038
Tbm, LLC

				220 East 23rd Street Ste. 400, New York, New York 10010				


5164031
Cos Bar Retail LLC

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5164015
Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd.

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5164009
En Passant Ltd.

				19 Christopher Street, New York, New York 10014				


5163998
Tps Hospitality LLC

				129 Mulberry Street Apt. 2b, New York, New York 10013				


5163978
Entertainment Access LLC

				710 Broadway, 6th Floor, New York, New York 10003				


5163968
Track 3 Holdings, LLC

				10 East 40th Street, 10th Fl, New York, New York 10016				


5163963
Applied Research Investments, LLC

				22 Cortland St. 16th Floor, New York, New York 10007				


5163956
It Came From The Deep, LLC

				16 Saint Marks Place Apt. 3b, New York, New York 10003				


5163955
Life-saving Cpr, LLC

				30 Wall Street, 8th Floor, New York, New York 10005				


5163954
Bathhouse Construction LLC

				120 Wooster Street, 3rd Floor, New York, New York 10012				


5163950
Pactum LLC

				12 East 49th Street, 11th Fl, New York, New York 10017				


5163933
Function of Beauty New York LLC

				1412 Broadway 21st Floor, New York, New York 10018				


5163930
Rule No. 1, Inc.

				155 East 34th Street #3s, New York, New York 10016				


5163925
109 West 27th Street Realty LLC

				419 Lafayette Street, 5th Fl, New York, New York 10003				


5163917
Samaxny LLC

				7 Times Square, New York, New York 10036				


5163913
116 Street Marini Deli Grocery, Inc.

				1869a Lexington Ave., New York, New York 10029				


5163898
Fsm2 Inc.

				17 East Broadway Store B, New York, New York 10002				


5163887
Techcomm Products LLC

				1 West 34th Street 10th Fl, New York, New York 10001				


5163885
Panafrican Management Services, LLC

				244 5th Avenue, New York, New York 10001				


5163880
Platos Loft LLC

				270 Madison Ave. 19th Fl, New York, New York 10016				


5163869
Milk Bottle Limited Partnership

				1560 Broadway Suite 1214, New York, New York 10036				


5163866
Decovo, Inc.

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5163856
Three Mile Capital LLC

				1120 Park Avenue, 17a, New York, New York 10128				


5163854
915 Saint John's Hpg Member II LLC

				20 West 22nd Street Ste. 1601, New York, New York 10010				


5163841
Energy Efficient Lighting Design, LLC

				450 W. 42nd St., #23l, New York, New York 10036				


5163839
Papasilenus, LLC

				40 E. 69th St., New York, New York 10021				


5163835
J. Mueser Ltd.

				19 Christopher Street, New York, New York 10014				


5163833
Genrock Capital Management, Lp

				477 Madison Ave. Suite 520, New York, New York 10022				


5163831
Swto LLC

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5163826
Vip Limo & Concierge Corp

				1 Maiden Lane 5th Floor, New York, New York 10038				


5163823
Brooklyn Hospitality Group LLC

				1 Maiden Lane 5th Floor, New York, New York 10038				


5163822
Asp Photographers Inc

				99 Wall Street Suite 1422, New York, New York 10005				


5163821
Bm 12 - Holding Company, LLC

				1271 Avenue of The Americas Suite 4300, New York, New York 10020				


5163820
Demetrix, Inc.

				10 East 40th Street, 10th Fl., New York, New York 10016				


5163819
Ardene Usa Inc.

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5163814
Faq App, Inc.

				329 E. 58th Street, Apt. 3a, New York, New York 10022				


5163804
Mott Forever Inc.

				64 Allen Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10002				


5163802
Villa Transporter Inc

				561 W 179th St Apt 1c, New York, New York 10033				


5163798
915 Saint John's Hpg Partner II LLC

				20 West 22nd Street Ste. 1601, New York, New York 10010				


5163794
Marion Group Entertainment Limited Liability Company

				550 West 54th Street Apt 831, New York, New York 10019				


5163791
Unlock Business Solutions Inc.

				395 South End Avenue, Apt 6e, New York, New York 10280				


5163789
915 Saint John's Hpg Investor II LLC

				20 West 22nd Street Ste 1601, New York, New York 10010				


5163788
Jv Consultant LLC

				1986 Amsterdam Ave Main Floor, New York, New York 10032				


5163779
915 Saint John's Hpg Member LLC

				20 West 22nd Street Suite 1601, New York, New York 10010				


5163770
915 Saint John's Hpg Partner LLC

				20 West 22nd Street Ste. 1601, New York, New York 10010				


5163768
Habitat Specialty Pharmacy, Inc.

				236 East 47th Street Suite 21d, New York, New York 10017				


5163755
Chambers Point Gp, LLC

				630 Fifth Avenue, Suite 2000, New York, New York 10111				


5163753
V2 Consulting LLC

				525 West 28th Street Apt 852, New York, New York 10001				


5163738
Chambers Point Capital, Lp

				630 Fifth Avenue, Suite 2000, New York, New York 10111				


5163733
915 Saint John's Hpg Investor LLC

				20 West 22nd Street Suite 1601, New York, New York 10010				


5163727
Jphd03a Inc.

				14 W 23rd Street 5th Floor, New York, New York 10010				


5163726
La Prestige, Inc.

				420 Lexington Avenue Suite 2320, New York, New York 10170				


5163724
Juicedelivery, LLC

				10 East 40th Street, 10th Fl, New York, New York 10016				


5163712
Sagelink Inc.

				345 West 58th Street, New York, New York 10019				


5163708
915 St John's Holdings LLC

				20 West 22nd Street Ste. 1601, New York, New York 10010				


5163698
Cca 270 St. Nicholas LLC

				28 East 28th Street, 9th Floor, New York, New York 10016				


5163696
Wilding Real Estate, LLC

				11 Broadway Suite 615, New York, New York 10004				


5163692
Eliliana Lora Corp

				444 2nd Ave, Apt 32b, New York, New York 10010				


5163686
50 West 46d LLC

				36 East 72nd Street, New York, New York 10021				


5163674
200 Haven Owner, LLC

				256 W. 116th Street Second Floor, New York, New York 10026				


5163672
Brickell Vinohrady, LLC

				45 East 30th Street Apartment 16c, New York, New York 10016				


5163671
R&r Bistro Bar & Grill Inc

				11 Broadway Suite 615, New York, New York 10004				


5163670
Blended Black Family LLC

				10 Catherine Slip, Apt. 11b, New York, New York 10038				


5163667
Explore & Discover Lic, LLC

				80 Broad Street Suite 1702, New York, New York 10004				


5163665
Zeng Law Office, P.C.

				100 Church Street, Suite 800, New York, New York 10007				


5163662
Family Care Referral, LLC

				1001 Avenue of The Americas Fl 12, New York, New York 10018				


5163655
Green Deer Holdings Management LLC

				One Battery Park Plaza, New York, New York 10004				


5163652
75 Bedford Street LLC

				75 Bedford Street, New York, New York 10014				


5163647
Jacks Cash 55 LLC

				225 Broadway, 39th Floor, New York, New York 10007				


5163646
A&a Garage Holdings LLC

				10 Meast 33rd Street 11th Floor, New York, New York 10016				


5163645
Shai Realty Management, Inc.

				62 West 48th Street Apt. 5f, New York, New York 10036				


5163641
A&a Paymaster LLC

				10 East 33rd Street 11th Floor, New York, New York 10016				


5163634
Qsemble Ip LLC

				200 East 66th Street Apt. B806, New York, New York 10065				


5163633
354 Bway Apt 2 LLC

				Eleven Times Square, Room 2430, New York, New York 10036				


5163629
Apf 60 Charlton Owner Gp LLC

				28 West 44th Street, 7th Fl., New York, New York 10036				


5163625
Qsemble Capital Management Gp LLC

				200 East 66th Street Apt. B806, New York, New York 10065				


5163623
Shock Time Inc.

				1177 Ave of The Americas 5th Fl., Suite 500, New York, New York 10036				


5163617
Grove Felix LLC

				111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011				


5163613
Wild Film LLC

				255 West 108th Street Apt 11b, New York, New York 10025				


5163610
Alexa 1961 LLC

				275 Madison Avewnue Suite 801, New York, New York 10016				


5163605
836 6th Ave, Ny LLC

				475 Fdr Drive Suite L 206, New York, New York 10002				


5163604
Mainframe Holdings LLC

				One Battery Park Plaza, New York, New York 10004				


5163602
Oliverclarity Inc.

				2440 Broadway Ste 219, New York, New York 10024				


5163592
An.gela LLC

				546 Main Street Apt 708, New York, New York 10044				


5163589
Asia-pacific Research Institute for Strategy Incorporated Limited

				54 W 40th Street Room 711, New York, New York 10018				


5163579
Vamos Experience LLC

				605w 42nd St 39u, New York, New York 10036				


5163566
Take Me To Church LLC

				115 Broadway, Suite 302, New York, New York 10006				


5163557
Zenwatchco Inc.

				600 3rd Ave 2nd Fl., Suite 200, New York, New York 10016				







City · NYS Corporation





City
State
Corporations


1.


							New York						

New York
498135
19.79%


2.


							Brooklyn						

New York
312650
12.42%


3.


							Albany						

New York
87354
3.47%


4.


							Bronx						

New York
62801
2.50%


5.


							Staten Island						

New York
39169
1.56%


6.


							Flushing						

New York
33725
1.34%


7.


							Rochester						

New York
29431
1.17%


8.


							Buffalo						

New York
26214
1.04%


9.


							Great Neck						

New York
18718
0.74%


10.


							White Plains						

New York
17174
0.68%


11.


							Astoria						

New York
15867
0.63%


12.


							Jamaica						

New York
15550
0.62%


13.


							Yonkers						

New York
15439
0.61%


14.


							Syracuse						

New York
13886
0.55%


15.


							Long Island City						

New York
12678
0.50%


16.


							Garden City						

New York
11712
0.47%


17.


							Forest Hills						

New York
9686
0.38%


18.


							New Rochelle						

New York
8886
0.35%


19.


							Melville						

New York
8752
0.35%


20.


							Huntington						

New York
8208
0.33%





			Show More
		



						Monsey (8176)
					



						Bayside (7990)
					



						Jackson Heights (7611)
					



						Valley Stream (7420)
					



						Woodside (7294)
					



						Scarsdale (7243)
					



						Hicksville (6950)
					



						Elmhurst (6850)
					



						Mineola (6722)
					



						Westbury (6450)
					



						Jericho (6379)
					



						Poughkeepsie (6289)
					



						Schenectady (5978)
					



						Monroe (5921)
					



						Syosset (5891)
					



						Corona (5799)
					



						Farmingdale (5675)
					



						Spring Valley (5649)
					



						Williamsville (5642)
					



						Smithtown (5598)
					



						Plainview (5595)
					



						Richmond Hill (5483)
					



						Hauppauge (5442)
					



						New Hyde Park (5374)
					



						Rego Park (5230)
					



						New City (5109)
					



						Rockville Centre (5053)
					



						Ridgewood (4991)
					



						Freeport (4972)
					



						Port Washington (4907)
					



						Massapequa (4748)
					



						Commack (4702)
					



						Saratoga Springs (4646)
					



						Manhasset (4608)
					



						Whitestone (4536)
					



						Binghamton (4481)
					



						Fresh Meadows (4476)
					



						Pittsford (4347)
					



						Newburgh (4323)
					



						Floral Park (4262)
					



						Queens Village (4250)
					



						Ithaca (4230)
					



						Lindenhurst (4222)
					



						Hempstead (4209)
					



						Middletown (4168)
					



						Merrick (4122)
					



						Maspeth (4093)
					



						Mount Vernon (4083)
					



						East Meadow (3995)
					



						Nyack (3951)
					



						Deer Park (3939)
					



						Ronkonkoma (3938)
					



						Oceanside (3872)
					



						Bay Shore (3846)
					



						Glen Cove (3842)
					



						Ozone Park (3801)
					



						Dix Hills (3763)
					



						Bellmore (3752)
					



						Huntington Station (3745)
					



						Long Beach (3665)
					



						Woodbury (3551)
					



						Troy (3532)
					



						Clifton Park (3524)
					



						Lynbrook (3491)
					



						Amherst (3426)
					



						Baldwin (3397)
					



						Southampton (3391)
					



						East Hampton (3370)
					



						Elmont (3366)
					



						Larchmont (3345)
					



						Suffern (3321)
					



						Mamaroneck (3254)
					



						Wantagh (3236)
					



						Kingston (3225)
					



						Uniondale (3172)
					



						Utica (3155)
					



						College Point (3123)
					



						Patchogue (3068)
					



						Cedarhurst (3045)
					



						Woodmere (3010)
					



						Roslyn (2990)
					



						Niagara Falls (2935)
					



						West Babylon (2934)
					



						Levittown (2932)
					



						Latham (2904)
					



						Roslyn Heights (2896)
					



						Rye (2892)
					



						Bohemia (2876)
					



						Webster (2875)
					



						Lake Success (2746)
					



						Nanuet (2725)
					



						Bronxville (2698)
					



						Lawrence (2675)
					



						Middle Village (2665)
					



						Brentwood (2663)
					



						Northport (2618)
					



						Ossining (2616)
					



						East Elmhurst (2612)
					



						Riverhead (2597)
					



						Amityville (2585)
					



						Medford (2549)
					



						Kew Gardens (2544)
					



						West Hempstead (2529)
					



						Franklin Square (2525)
					



						East Northport (2521)
					



						Fairport (2495)
					



						Liverpool (2493)
					



						Yorktown Heights (2477)
					



						Mahopac (2457)
					



						Holbrook (2447)
					



						Harrison (2442)
					



						Bethpage (2438)
					



						Far Rockaway (2418)
					



						Port Chester (2397)
					



						South Ozone Park (2338)
					



						Brewster (2320)
					



						Wilmington (2307)
					



						West Islip (2302)
					



						Tarrytown (2263)
					



						Orchard Park (2261)
					



						Tonawanda (2198)
					



						Glendale (2185)
					



						Wappingers Falls (2185)
					



						Goshen (2169)
					



						Carmel (2128)
					



						Babylon (2108)
					



						Armonk (2107)
					



						Warwick (2099)
					



						Sunnyside (2094)
					



						Woodhaven (2091)
					



						Hollis (2083)
					



						Cheektowaga (2044)
					



						Queens (2039)
					



						Lockport (2032)
					



						Ny (2012)
					



						Elmsford (2010)
					



						Los Angeles (2009)
					



						West Seneca (1999)
					



						Peekskill (1997)
					



						Hamburg (1981)
					



						Central Islip (1950)
					



						Rosedale (1946)
					



						Howard Beach (1918)
					



						New Windsor (1901)
					



						Hampton Bays (1890)
					



						Pleasantville (1884)
					



						Port Jefferson (1869)
					



						Sayville (1854)
					



						Watertown (1824)
					



						Plattsburgh (1800)
					



						Hewlett (1789)
					



						Coram (1788)
					



						Auburn (1782)
					



						Carle Place (1779)
					



						Hartsdale (1743)
					



						Seaford (1738)
					



						Little Neck (1733)
					



						Rye Brook (1722)
					



						Chappaqua (1718)
					



						Hopewell Junction (1717)
					



						Queensbury (1696)
					



						Pearl River (1683)
					



						Katonah (1667)
					



						Oyster Bay (1656)
					



						Copiague (1651)
					



						Sag Harbor (1635)
					



						Hudson (1614)
					



						Mount Kisco (1609)
					



						Kings Park (1588)
					



						Elmira (1577)
					



						Victor (1569)
					



						Massapequa Park (1566)
					



						Centereach (1564)
					



						Jamestown (1563)
					



						Shirley (1561)
					



						Batavia (1546)
					



						New Paltz (1545)
					



						Pelham (1543)
					



						East Islip (1530)
					



						Glen Head (1525)
					



						Canandaigua (1524)
					



						Eastchester (1515)
					



						Purchase (1504)
					



						East Syracuse (1495)
					



						Stony Brook (1494)
					



						Bellerose (1490)
					



						Selden (1487)
					



						Vestal (1480)
					



						Monticello (1475)
					



						Miller Place (1467)
					



						Fishkill (1461)
					



						Briarcliff Manor (1459)
					



						Mt. Vernon (1416)
					



						Douglaston (1415)
					



						Nesconset (1414)
					



						Ballston Spa (1402)
					



						Bayshore (1390)
					



						Islip (1374)
					



						North Babylon (1337)
					



						Glens Falls (1335)
					



						Rome (1330)
					



						New York City (1329)
					



						Albertson (1325)
					



						Fayetteville (1324)
					



						Cortlandt Manor (1323)
					



						East Setauket (1306)
					



						North Tonawanda (1290)
					



						Lancaster (1282)
					



						Oswego (1279)
					



						Beacon (1273)
					



						Williston Park (1264)
					



						Baldwinsville (1256)
					



						Amsterdam (1251)
					



						Farmingville (1248)
					



						East Amherst (1233)
					



						Oakland Gardens (1233)
					



						Pomona (1233)
					



						Greenwich (1231)
					



						East Aurora (1214)
					



						Manlius (1210)
					



						Penfield (1186)
					



						Springfield Gardens (1184)
					



						Hawthorne (1181)
					



						Jersey City (1178)
					



						Locust Valley (1171)
					



						Island Park (1163)
					



						Endicott (1155)
					



						Rhinebeck (1148)
					



						Clarence (1144)
					



						Stony Point (1143)
					



						Old Westbury (1133)
					



						Bedford (1131)
					



						Delmar (1131)
					



						Cortland (1119)
					



						Stamford (1115)
					



						Dobbs Ferry (1112)
					



						Manorville (1112)
					



						New Hartford (1111)
					



						Mt Vernon (1110)
					



						West Nyack (1103)
					



						Saugerties (1098)
					



						Thornwood (1097)
					



						Chicago (1092)
					



						Rocky Point (1088)
					



						Islandia (1087)
					



						Chester (1077)
					



						Holtsville (1075)
					



						South Richmond Hill (1073)
					



						Grand Island (1069)
					



						Rensselaer (1056)
					



						Briarwood (1056)
					



						Niskayuna (1052)
					



						Irvington (1052)
					



						Oneonta (1047)
					



						Depew (1040)
					



						Lake Grove (1039)
					



						Tuckahoe (1038)
					



						Montauk (1037)
					



						Inwood (1031)
					



						Valhalla (1025)
					



						St. James (1020)
					



						Laurelton (1019)
					



						Center Moriches (1018)
					



						Setauket (1017)
					



						Middle Island (1002)
					



						Ardsley (999)
					



						East Rockaway (986)
					



						Bedford Hills (983)
					



						Bridgehampton (982)
					



						Spencerport (975)
					



						Bayport (971)
					



						Cohoes (970)
					



						Cambria Heights (944)
					



						Greenlawn (943)
					



						Corning (938)
					



						Geneva (937)
					



						Congers (932)
					



						Westhampton Beach (928)
					



						Pound Ridge (927)
					



						Skaneateles (917)
					



						Bellport (915)
					



						Highland (905)
					



						Valley Cottage (905)
					



						Mattituck (903)
					



						Roosevelt (900)
					



						North Bellmore (895)
					



						Kenmore (892)
					



						Oakdale (884)
					



						Cicero (882)
					



						St. Albans (878)
					



						Centerport (877)
					



						Montgomery (867)
					



						Walden (866)
					



						Olean (866)
					



						Lake Ronkonkoma (858)
					



						Horseheads (846)
					



						Wading River (844)
					



						Sea Cliff (837)
					



						Sleepy Hollow (836)
					



						Newark (832)
					



						Orangeburg (825)
					



						Lake Placid (818)
					



						Malverne (811)
					



						Red Hook (808)
					



						South Salem (808)
					



						Woodstock (806)
					



						Wallkill (801)
					



						Pawling (794)
					



						Southold (793)
					



						Scotia (791)
					



						Putnam Valley (790)
					



						Mastic (786)
					



						Hyde Park (782)
					



						Riverdale (781)
					



						Somers (779)
					



						Fort Lee (779)
					



						Lake George (774)
					



						Boston (768)
					



						Washington (766)
					



						Bayville (762)
					



						Gloversville (756)
					



						Port Jervis (755)
					



						Cold Spring (743)
					



						Johnson City (742)
					



						Islip Terrace (736)
					



						Rockaway Park (736)
					



						San Francisco (731)
					



						Brockport (731)
					



						Miami (730)
					



						Catskill (730)
					



						Boca Raton (728)
					



						Mount Sinai (712)
					



						Hilton (712)
					



						Chestnut Ridge (712)
					



						Fulton (710)
					



						East Patchogue (709)
					



						Mt. Kisco (708)
					



						Pine Bush (705)
					



						Lakewood (704)
					



						Loudonville (701)
					



						Watervliet (696)
					



						Croton-on-hudson (691)
					



						Slingerlands (682)
					



						East Greenbush (681)
					



						West Harrison (680)
					



						Millbrook (675)
					



						Pleasant Valley (673)
					



						Cold Spring Harbor (673)
					



						Blauvelt (669)
					



						Hackensack (668)
					



						Garden City Park (668)
					



						North Woodmere (664)
					



						East Quogue (660)
					



						Camillus (659)
					



						Cazenovia (656)
					



						Mechanicville (654)
					



						Tappan (654)
					



						Philadelphia (652)
					



						Lagrangeville (647)
					



						North Syracuse (644)
					



						Amagansett (640)
					



						Norwich (634)
					



						Haverstraw (631)
					



						Kings Point (627)
					



						Atlantic Beach (626)
					



						Highland Mills (622)
					



						Ballston Lake (618)
					



						Honeoye Falls (618)
					



						Ridge (612)
					



						Old Bethpage (610)
					



						East Moriches (605)
					



						Dewitt (604)
					



						Englewood Cliffs (600)
					



						Mohegan Lake (592)
					



						Patterson (591)
					



						Atlanta (591)
					



						Shoreham (591)
					



						Houston (589)
					



						Elma (589)
					



						Greenport (588)
					


























 royalty travel maiden lane 
 tow-ny auto body corp 
 ttow-ny auto body corp 
 eddie m ramos rochester ny 
 standingwave consulting llc 
 20f china resources building 8 jianguomenbei avenue dongcheng district 
 wanted sales llc 
 platinum auto firm 
 hainan cihang charity foundation inc 
 deli on beach 17th street and seagirt boulevard far rockaway 
 prime brands group inc. 















Zip 10152 · NYS Corporation










Toggle navigation





OPENDATANY




Corporation
Attorney

Authority

Food Inspection
Health Facility
Public Authority
Criminal Justice Agency
Fire Department
Employee
Lobbyist


School

Other

Child Care
Farmers Market
Food Store
Lottery Retailer
Real Estate License
Liquor
Vehicle Facility
Spill Incident





Go








Find NYS Corporation





Go


















		Zip 10152 · NYS Corporation		



NYS Corporation




10152















Zip 10152 · NYS Corporation





						New York (586)
					







Zip 10152 ·  NYS Corporation




DOS ID
Business Entity Name
Address


5090383
Ayz Advisors LLC

				375 Park Avenue Suite 2703, New York, New York 10152				


5063851
Modern Way Inc.

				375 Park Ave Ste 2607, New York, New York 10152				


5053813
Once Capital Management, LLC

				375 Park Ave., 25th Fl., New York, New York 10152				


5043916
The Mark Foundation for Cancer Research (u.s.) Ltd.

				375 Park Avenue, 17th Floor, New York, New York 10152				


5017705
Advanced Jets, Inc.

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 2607, New York, New York 10152				


5009438
Amberity, Inc.

				375 Park Ave., Suite 2607, New York, New York 10152				


4989201
Rec Holdings First Tier LLC

				375 Park Avenue Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4988933
Rec Holdings Second Tier LLC

				375 Park Avenue Ste 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4986991
Bullmarket Consulting Incorporated

				375 Park Avenue Suite 2607, New York, New York 10152				


4978292
S Cap Life Science, Inc.

				375 Park Ave, 26th Floor, New York, New York 10152				


4972214
Dak 220 Cps Lp

				375 Park Avenue Suite 3702, New York, New York 10152				


4969973
961 East 18 LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4966575
Fisher Jets LLC

				375 Park Ave #2607, New York, New York 10152				


4964077
Aspect Foundation for Music and Arts

				375 Park Avenue, 17th Floor, New York, New York 10152				


4958667
Easterly LLC

				375 Park Avenue 21st Floor, New York, New York 10152				


4958666
Easterly Securities LLC

				375 Park Avenue 21st Floor, New York, New York 10152				


4955291
Entrustpermal Management LLC

				375 Park Avenue 24th Floor, New York, New York 10152				


4950942
Ph Bushwick Investor LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4950938
Bushwick Re Sub I LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4949750
Richard B. Herman Realty, LLC

				The Seagram Building 375 Park Ave., Ste. 2607, New York, New York 10152				


4949649
Continental Resources Group Inc.

				375 Park Avenue Suite 2607, New York, New York 10152				


4948890
Elsevar Enterprises Inc

				375 Park Ave, Suite 2607, New York City, New York 10152				


4945255
Crf Partners L.p.

				375 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10152				


4933002
Chiru Capital Management LLC

				375 Park Avenue 21st Floor, New York, New York 10152				


4932932
Chirucm LLC

				375 Park Avenue, 21st Floor, New York, New York 10152				


4931280
Ph 74-92 Bogart LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4931278
74-92 Bogart Holdings LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4926721
Setien Corporation

				375 Park Ave., Suite 2607, New York, New York 10152				


4916474
Ph Bronx 135 LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4911656
Jtft LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4905323
Emu Real Estate Services, LLC

				375 Park Avenue Suite 2701, New York, New York 10152				


4903721
Adapto Consulting, Inc.

				375 Park Avenue 26th Floor, New York, New York 10152				


4902818
Cindat Usa LLC

				375 Park Avenue Suite 3703, New York, New York 10152				


4896949
Carbyne Investors I, LLC

				375 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10152				


4887892
Cpg Td LLC

				375 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10152				


4887281
Cscp Holdings Cayman Gp, Ltd.

				375 Park Avenue Floor 12, New York, New York 10152				


4887278
Centerbridge Credit Cayman Gp, Ltd.

				375 Park Avenue Floor 12, New York, New York 10152				


4887271
Centerbridge Credit Holdings Cayman Gp, Ltd.

				375 Park Avenue 12th Floor, New York, New York 10152				


4885925
East Coast Capital Group LLC

				375 Park Avenue Suite 2607, New York, New York 10152				


4882855
Mvh Capital Corp.

				375 Park Ave., Suite # 2607, New York, New York 10152				


4876714
Centerbridge Special Credit Partners General Partner IIi, L.p.

				375 Park Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, New York 10152				


4875828
Centerbridge Special Credit Partners Dce IIi, L.p.

				375 Park Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, New York 10152				


4875670
Centerbridge Special Credit Partners IIi-flex, L.p.

				375 Park Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, New York 10152				


4875657
Centerbridge Special Credit Partners IIi, L.p.

				375 Park Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, New York 10152				


4875303
Cscp IIi Cayman Gp Ltd.

				375 Park Avenue 12th Floor, New York, New York 10152				


4875202
Centerbridge Special Credit Advisors IIi, L.l.c.

				375 Park Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, New York 10152				


4834061
Ph 296 Wythe II LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4834058
Ph 296 Wythe I LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4826116
Zirinsky Law Partners Pllc

				375 Park Avenue Suite 2607, New York, New York 10152				


4825837
Mattress Blitz, LLC

				375 Park Ave. Suite 2607, New York, New York 10152				


4800870
Ph Greenpoint LLC

				375 Park Avenue Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4788132
Echo Street Goodco Select, Lp

				375 Park Avenue, Suite #3704, New York, New York 10152				


4775835
Echo Street Goodco Select II, Lp

				375 Park Avenue, Suite #3704, New York, New York 10152				


4770910
Pjtt Holdings LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4769747
Kaneb & Company, LLC

				375 Park Avenue Suite 2607, New York, New York 10152				


4750496
Flash Drive Properties LLC

				375 Park Ave Ste #2503, New York, New York 10152				


4745740
Pinnacle Alliance Corp.

				375 Park Avenue Suite 2607, New York, New York 10152				


4743383
Ph 333 Johnson LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4736210
Emu Health Services LLC

				375 Park Avenue Suite 2701, New York, New York 10152				


4734901
6-nines Inc.

				375 Park Avenue Suite 2205, New York, New York 10152				


4723839
Jdt Artisans LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4722134
Casa Mota, LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 2607, New York, New York 10152				


4717987
Ph 109 Madison IIi LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4717985
Ph 109 Madison II LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4717982
Ph 109 Madison I LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4710810
Centerbridge Advisors IIi, LLC

				375 Park Avenue 12th Fl, New York, New York 10152				


4696350
121 Morgan Holdings Iv LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4696348
121 Morgan Holdings IIi LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4696342
121 Morgan Holdings II LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4695804
121 Morgan Holdings LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4695575
Locations, Inc.

				375 Park Avenue Suite 2067, New York, New York 10152				


4690126
Syymaya LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4689061
Veras Equities Inc.

				375 Park Avenue Suite 2607, New York, New York 10152				


4685484
137 Ludlow Holdings LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4679808
Djlv1 LLC

				375 Park Avenue Suite 2701, New York, New York 10152				


4677323
Pgsa9 LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4669954
Humen's Being LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4662457
Pb 165 Manager LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4653842
Centerbrige Capital Partners IIi-a, L.p.

				375 Park Avenue 12th Floor, New York, New York 10152				


4653270
Centerbridge Capital Partners IIi, L.p.

				375 Park Avenue-12th Floor, New York, New York 10152				


4647752
358/362 11th Street Holdings LLC

				375 Park Avenue Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4641478
Ph 82 W 12 LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4641474
Ph 165 William LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4637231
Yakima Oil Trading LLC

				375 Park Av, Suite 2501, New York, New York 10152				


4630734
Princeton Gsa LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4593499
Treli Zoi LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4586211
Stam LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4582748
Jt Flushing LLC

				375 Park Avenue Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4578107
Jtb Flushing Lots II LLC

				375 Park Avenue Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4578103
Jtb 930 IIi LLC

				375 Park Avenue Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4578101
Jtb 930 Vi LLC

				375 Park Avenue Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4578096
Jtb Flushing Lots I LLC

				375 Park Avenue Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4578084
Jtb Stanev I LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4578078
Jtb 930 V LLC

				375 Park Avenue Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4577988
Jtb Tax Lots II LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4577976
Jtb 930 Iv LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4577947
Jtb Tax Lots I LLC

				375 Park Avenue Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4577941
Jtb Stanev II LLC

				375 Park Avenue Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4577662
Jtb 930 II LLC

				375 Park Avenue, Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				


4577647
Jtb 930 I LLC

				375 Park Avenue Suite 1604, New York, New York 10152				







Zip Code · NYS Corporation





Zip Code
City
Corporations


1.


							12207						


						Albany					
55023
2.19%


2.


							10011						


						New York					
52375
2.08%


3.


							11228						


						Brooklyn					
52364
2.08%


4.


							10022						


						New York					
35444
1.41%


5.


							10016						


						New York					
30555
1.21%


6.


							10017						


						New York					
29545
1.17%


7.


							10001						


						New York					
29289
1.16%


8.


							10019						


						New York					
22606
0.90%


9.


							10036						


						New York					
22324
0.89%


10.


							10018						


						New York					
21270
0.85%


11.


							10038						


						New York					
19258
0.77%


12.


							11211						


						Brooklyn					
17986
0.71%


13.


							11219						


						Brooklyn					
16453
0.65%


14.


							10013						


						New York					
16323
0.65%


15.


							10003						


						New York					
15068
0.60%


16.


							11354						


						Flushing					
13023
0.52%


17.


							11230						


						Brooklyn					
12718
0.51%


18.


							11021						


						Great Neck					
12702
0.50%


19.


							11235						


						Brooklyn					
12494
0.50%


20.


							11530						


						Garden City					
11881
0.47%





			Show More
		



						11201 (11716)
					



						10021 (11448)
					



						11204 (11336)
					



						12205 (10605)
					



						14221 (10558)
					



						10023 (10349)
					



						10010 (10319)
					



						11375 (9931)
					



						11101 (9852)
					



						11223 (9690)
					



						11355 (9652)
					



						10002 (9591)
					



						11229 (9258)
					



						10007 (9169)
					



						11234 (9165)
					



						10012 (9155)
					



						10005 (9034)
					



						11215 (9017)
					



						11218 (8988)
					



						11220 (8864)
					



						10952 (8833)
					



						11747 (8766)
					



						10004 (8608)
					



						11743 (8548)
					



						10025 (8340)
					



						11746 (8308)
					



						11214 (8302)
					



						11209 (8079)
					



						10024 (7919)
					



						11205 (7714)
					



						10014 (7673)
					



						10314 (7647)
					



						11377 (7401)
					



						11372 (7376)
					



						11385 (7297)
					



						10583 (7244)
					



						11210 (7168)
					



						12210 (7049)
					



						10128 (7010)
					



						10028 (6983)
					



						11373 (6981)
					



						11801 (6705)
					



						11501 (6696)
					



						11222 (6666)
					



						10977 (6653)
					



						11753 (6453)
					



						11590 (6424)
					



						11791 (6391)
					



						11040 (6255)
					



						11432 (6198)
					



						11368 (6073)
					



						11238 (6004)
					



						11206 (5981)
					



						10601 (5889)
					



						11735 (5880)
					



						11787 (5661)
					



						11803 (5631)
					



						11217 (5585)
					



						10950 (5575)
					



						11050 (5494)
					



						11788 (5437)
					



						10801 (5383)
					



						11103 (5364)
					



						11706 (5358)
					



						11374 (5324)
					



						10006 (5289)
					



						11570 (5258)
					



						11758 (5222)
					



						11231 (5170)
					



						14202 (5144)
					



						10956 (5135)
					



						11358 (5071)
					



						11710 (4966)
					



						11520 (4959)
					



						11236 (4950)
					



						11226 (4946)
					



						11580 (4919)
					



						11357 (4895)
					



						10009 (4868)
					



						11030 (4861)
					



						11779 (4822)
					



						10306 (4822)
					



						11106 (4810)
					



						12260 (4785)
					



						12866 (4781)
					



						10312 (4734)
					



						11216 (4709)
					



						00000 (4697)
					



						11725 (4693)
					



						10461 (4685)
					



						10462 (4671)
					



						11105 (4631)
					



						11361 (4508)
					



						11435 (4482)
					



						11203 (4464)
					



						11566 (4439)
					



						11367 (4435)
					



						10960 (4426)
					



						10701 (4410)
					



						10573 (4401)
					



						11207 (4381)
					



						11213 (4369)
					



						14534 (4358)
					



						11757 (4334)
					



						11419 (4323)
					



						10704 (4297)
					



						11550 (4249)
					



						11554 (4198)
					



						10467 (4194)
					



						12550 (4184)
					



						10550 (4183)
					



						11561 (4178)
					



						10027 (4176)
					



						11378 (4169)
					



						11221 (4082)
					



						10463 (4027)
					



						11772 (4007)
					



						10065 (3994)
					



						11232 (3988)
					



						11365 (3957)
					



						11729 (3937)
					



						11225 (3930)
					



						11237 (3930)
					



						11542 (3877)
					



						13202 (3869)
					



						11572 (3865)
					



						10029 (3836)
					



						11208 (3783)
					



						10305 (3756)
					



						14850 (3743)
					



						11102 (3733)
					



						10901 (3725)
					



						11434 (3725)
					



						11510 (3707)
					



						10458 (3678)
					



						12065 (3647)
					



						10469 (3611)
					



						11418 (3576)
					



						11001 (3547)
					



						11797 (3535)
					



						10309 (3512)
					



						11563 (3489)
					



						11937 (3461)
					



						10304 (3441)
					



						11704 (3388)
					



						11003 (3382)
					



						11577 (3370)
					



						11576 (3336)
					



						10538 (3333)
					



						11249 (3306)
					



						10543 (3254)
					



						11793 (3253)
					



						10940 (3247)
					



						12601 (3237)
					



						11233 (3233)
					



						10954 (3211)
					



						10301 (3210)
					



						10591 (3180)
					



						11968 (3151)
					



						11356 (3126)
					



						11581 (3118)
					



						10457 (3117)
					



						14203 (3111)
					



						11598 (3098)
					



						10033 (3078)
					



						11516 (3074)
					



						11212 (3069)
					



						10031 (3045)
					



						11224 (3041)
					



						10466 (3030)
					



						11364 (3022)
					



						11768 (3020)
					



						10549 (2996)
					



						11023 (2996)
					



						11756 (2991)
					



						11420 (2982)
					



						10606 (2980)
					



						11042 (2974)
					



						11717 (2891)
					



						14580 (2884)
					



						12110 (2879)
					



						10605 (2878)
					



						10580 (2876)
					



						11716 (2874)
					



						12206 (2869)
					



						11731 (2837)
					



						10451 (2830)
					



						12180 (2820)
					



						12203 (2820)
					



						11552 (2814)
					



						10708 (2807)
					



						12401 (2796)
					



						10710 (2794)
					



						10598 (2793)
					



						11901 (2788)
					



						10604 (2784)
					



						11701 (2763)
					



						10032 (2761)
					



						10026 (2740)
					



						11379 (2692)
					



						11545 (2679)
					



						11010 (2677)
					



						11559 (2655)
					



						14618 (2644)
					



						10562 (2641)
					



						11733 (2624)
					



						12603 (2623)
					



						14623 (2621)
					



						10075 (2571)
					



						10456 (2569)
					



						11763 (2561)
					



						14607 (2532)
					



						14450 (2490)
					



						10020 (2487)
					



						11104 (2475)
					



						11714 (2466)
					



						11423 (2466)
					



						11413 (2463)
					



						10452 (2461)
					



						11741 (2460)
					



						10541 (2459)
					



						10468 (2455)
					



						10528 (2436)
					



						10705 (2433)
					



						10453 (2428)
					



						11415 (2420)
					



						10465 (2403)
					



						11795 (2395)
					



						12590 (2394)
					



						10118 (2391)
					



						10603 (2385)
					



						14614 (2377)
					



						11691 (2352)
					



						10509 (2328)
					



						10035 (2308)
					



						11776 (2285)
					



						10034 (2281)
					



						14127 (2265)
					



						11366 (2247)
					



						10472 (2235)
					



						14226 (2231)
					



						10165 (2202)
					



						11421 (2198)
					



						10512 (2194)
					



						10924 (2165)
					



						11024 (2164)
					



						11722 (2158)
					



						14224 (2147)
					



						14624 (2140)
					



						11702 (2125)
					



						10990 (2102)
					



						10804 (2096)
					



						11557 (2095)
					



						10504 (2093)
					



						10308 (2092)
					



						10455 (2069)
					



						10566 (2053)
					



						10523 (2030)
					



						11780 (2028)
					



						10803 (2020)
					



						11412 (2017)
					



						11771 (2013)
					



						11414 (2011)
					



						11417 (1993)
					



						12533 (1990)
					



						11553 (1986)
					



						11362 (1977)
					



						14075 (1960)
					



						11720 (1952)
					



						10460 (1940)
					



						14094 (1934)
					



						11946 (1928)
					



						11422 (1925)
					



						10570 (1903)
					



						11360 (1888)
					



						12020 (1876)
					



						10040 (1870)
					



						11782 (1869)
					



						12553 (1858)
					



						12309 (1835)
					



						10459 (1832)
					



						14150 (1827)
					



						11727 (1811)
					



						10310 (1807)
					



						11416 (1806)
					



						13601 (1800)
					



						11369 (1800)
					



						11370 (1791)
					



						11514 (1785)
					



						11762 (1778)
					



						11777 (1773)
					



						13021 (1767)
					



						10473 (1763)
					



						11783 (1762)
					



						12901 (1755)
					



						10530 (1744)
					



						11726 (1743)
					



						12804 (1728)
					



						10514 (1727)
					



						10510 (1704)
					



						11433 (1703)
					



						11428 (1701)
					



						10454 (1701)
					



						13057 (1700)
					



						10471 (1687)
					



						10536 (1682)
					



						10965 (1677)
					



						14604 (1667)
					



						11963 (1665)
					



						11967 (1663)
					



						10030 (1655)
					



						14120 (1652)
					



						11429 (1648)
					



						11730 (1615)
					



						11754 (1610)
					



						12534 (1609)
					



						11596 (1593)
					



						14424 (1572)
					



						10552 (1570)
					



						11426 (1554)
					



						14564 (1554)
					



						13901 (1553)
					



						12561 (1545)
					



						11507 (1538)
					



						14626 (1536)
					



						11790 (1535)
					



						14225 (1524)
					



						10170 (1524)
					



						11427 (1520)
					



						11784 (1520)
					



						13760 (1519)
					



						10168 (1519)
					



						10303 (1510)
					



						10577 (1502)
					



						12211 (1501)
					



						12701 (1490)
					



						11764 (1487)
					



						10474 (1481)
					



						11694 (1476)
					



						12524 (1465)
					



						13501 (1459)
					



						11767 (1456)
					



						11703 (1454)
					



						14020 (1451)
					



						10709 (1450)
					



						10520 (1447)
					



						14051 (1443)
					



						13502 (1440)
					



						10302 (1425)
					



						10169 (1418)
					



						10567 (1402)
					



						13088 (1402)
					



						11766 (1389)
					



						14228 (1387)
					



						11751 (1360)
					



						12801 (1358)
					



						14701 (1344)
					



						13066 (1338)
					



						10307 (1338)
					



						13850 (1334)
					



						11560 (1325)
					



						13204 (1307)
					



						10174 (1307)
					



						11738 (1297)
					



						14609 (1296)
					



						14606 (1292)
					



						10805 (1290)
					



						10707 (1288)
					



						14052 (1280)
					



						14086 (1279)
					



						11363 (1275)
					



						11020 (1268)
					



						12010 (1268)
					



						13027 (1268)
					



						11556 (1267)
					



						12508 (1265)
					



						10970 (1264)
					



						13126 (1256)
					



						13104 (1249)
					



						10475 (1248)
					



						14304 (1239)
					



						10532 (1200)
					



						14215 (1200)
					



						10703 (1194)
					



						14625 (1194)
					



						14526 (1190)
					



						12306 (1190)
					



						12303 (1189)
					



						10980 (1180)
					



						14222 (1171)
					



						11558 (1168)
					



						10994 (1165)
					



						13210 (1163)
					



						12302 (1157)
					



						12572 (1156)
					



						12305 (1156)
					



						14612 (1150)
					



						12208 (1149)
					



						13905 (1148)
					



						11568 (1142)
					



						12054 (1141)
					



						10506 (1141)
					



						10037 (1140)
					



						10119 (1140)
					



						10123 (1129)
					



						11978 (1128)
					



						10522 (1125)
					



						10039 (1125)
					



						13413 (1123)
					



						14216 (1121)
					



						13045 (1121)
					



						13440 (1118)
					



						11742 (1111)
					



						11778 (1109)
					



						14610 (1108)
					



						11949 (1102)
					



						10594 (1102)
					



						12477 (1098)
					



						11518 (1098)
					



						12144 (1093)
					



						10470 (1090)
					



						10533 (1083)
					



						11004 (1083)
					



						14072 (1076)
					



						10918 (1075)
					



						14620 (1073)
					



						11411 (1062)
					



						14043 (1061)
					



						11242 (1054)
					



						10280 (1053)
					



						10110 (1049)
					



						11755 (1044)
					



						13820 (1044)
					



						10507 (1044)
					



						11934 (1043)
					



						11954 (1036)
					



						13090 (1033)
					



						10595 (1032)
					



						14031 (1032)
					



						10502 (1012)
					



						11932 (1011)
					



						11749 (1011)
					



						14217 (1007)
					



						10607 (1004)
					



						11953 (1002)
					



						13206 (995)
					



						13214 (993)
					



						11798 (992)
					



						10122 (989)
					



						11705 (977)
					



						12047 (975)
					



						14559 (972)
					



						14617 (968)
					



						11740 (956)
					



						10941 (949)
					



						10576 (944)
					



						14830 (939)
					



						10920 (938)
					



						13152 (934)
					



						10706 (933)
					



						13203 (933)
					



						11575 (927)
					



						11096 (927)
					



						10176 (926)
					



						10103 (924)
					



						14456 (924)
					



						11713 (923)
					



						10989 (913)
					



						11952 (907)
					



						12528 (901)
					



						14223 (890)
					



						14214 (890)
					



						11721 (887)
					



						14207 (887)
					



						13039 (883)
					



						11769 (881)
					



						19801 (875)
					



						11579 (873)
					



						10590 (872)
					



						11436 (871)
					



						12304 (867)
					



						11792 (864)
					



						14209 (864)
					



						12586 (863)
					



						14845 (862)
					



						13212 (862)
					



						12571 (861)
					



						14760 (855)
					



						12549 (852)
					



						12204 (851)
					



						14213 (845)
					



						06830 (843)
					



						10154 (841)
					



						10962 (839)
					



						10282 (839)
					



						11565 (838)
					



						10553 (836)
					



						10107 (820)
					



						12946 (814)
					



						11971 (812)
					



						12589 (811)
					



						10579 (811)
					



						14621 (810)
					



						14608 (810)
					



						12831 (807)
					



						07024 (806)
					



						11950 (799)
					



						12498 (798)
					



						10516 (794)
					



						12564 (787)
					



						11752 (784)
					



						10589 (783)
					



						11241 (778)
					



						10105 (776)
					



						10111 (772)
					



						11709 (771)
					



						12845 (770)
					



						12538 (768)
					



						10155 (767)
					



						14206 (765)
					



						12771 (764)
					



						10175 (764)
					



						12078 (745)
					



						10158 (745)
					



						13790 (745)
					



						14616 (744)
					



						14210 (744)
					



						14420 (742)
					



						14227 (740)
					



						14901 (738)
					



						12414 (729)
					



						13208 (729)
					



						12566 (726)
					



						08701 (720)
					



						11942 (717)
					



						12189 (715)
					



						12061 (710)
					



						13903 (710)
					



						12019 (709)
					



						14468 (709)
					



						12201 (707)
					



						12540 (707)
					



						13069 (706)
					



						11724 (693)
					



						13215 (693)
					



						14615 (692)
					



						12159 (691)
					



						14301 (691)
					



						12545 (690)
					



						11976 (686)
					



						11933 (684)
					



						10069 (682)
					



						12569 (681)
					



						10913 (680)
					



						12118 (675)
					



						13035 (672)
					



						10166 (671)
					



						10279 (671)
					



						13209 (667)
					



						13031 (666)
					



						11940 (662)
					



						07632 (654)
					



						10983 (653)
					



						11930 (649)
					



						07601 (648)
					



						11693 (647)
					



						10930 (647)
					



						10927 (637)
					



						14611 (636)
					



						11509 (636)
					



						13219 (636)
					



						14201 (634)
					



						13815 (632)
					



						11804 (632)
					



						10178 (631)
					



						14472 (629)
					



						11961 (621)
					



						10547 (610)
					



						10560 (600)
					



						11786 (598)
					


























 tow-ny auto body corp 
 ttow-ny auto body corp 
 eddie m ramos rochester ny 
 standingwave consulting llc 
 20f china resources building 8 jianguomenbei avenue dongcheng district 
 wanted sales llc 
 platinum auto firm 
 hainan cihang charity foundation inc 
 deli on beach 17th street and seagirt boulevard far rockaway 
 prime brands group inc. 




















 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















Master Data Management (MDM) Advisory & Implementation




















































Contact us






 
(888) 534-9650






About Us

Mission & History
Partners
Leadership Team
Careers
News & Events
Newsletter Sign Up


Blog
Our Clients






  
 
 



Services
Solutions
MENU
MDM Advisory
MDM Implementation
MDM Performance
Contact Us
  
 






 

 
 

Thank You.To our employees and customers. Ideosity recognized by Inc. 5000 in “Fastest Growing Private Companies” 3 years straight.Learn More About IdeosityCross the finish line with ease.With Ideosity's end-to-end services.Start Your Journey With AdvisoryOngoing expert support to help youget more out of your PIM and MDM systemLearn more about IdeoCARE  
 



IdeosityData Mastered





End-to-end Master Data Management Solutions
 
Our services combined with MDM and PIM technologies
eliminates obstacles, mitigates risk and creates business improvements
throughout your entire data mastering journey.





MDM Advisory
Strategy and planning lay the groundwork for a successful PIM or MDM implementation.



MDM Implementation
PIM and MDM specific methodology for maximum value and minimum risk.



MDM Performance
Make the most of your PIM and MDM system with performance technology and support.




A Leader In MDM/PIM Consulting



60+ MDM/PIM projects across small, medium and large enterprises.
Broadest experience across a variety of leading platforms and technologies.
Robust services to support the entire journey from concept to realization and ongoing.


 

Our Approach


Eliminating Risk by relying on our ADVISORY services.
Our IMPLEMENTATION approach aims at deriving faster ROI and greater value from your MDM platform.
Benefit from Ideosity’s unique PERFORMANCE services, technology and ongoing expert support.



 


 





Navigation

Advisory
Implementation
Performance
Careers
Our Clients
Blog
About Us


 
Contact Us
Ideosity, Inc. 
205 W. Main Street 
West Dundee, IL 60118
Ideosity Canada, Ltd. 
1 Yonge Street, 
Suite 1801 
Toronto, ON M5E 1W7
p: (888) 534-9650
f: (312) 256-9156

 About Ideosity
Partner with Ideosity for your digital transformation for Advisory, Implementation, and Performance services. Our approach combined with PIM (Prod­uct Information Management)
and MDM (Master Data Management) technologies eliminates obstacles, mitigates risk and creates business improvements throughout your entire da­ta-mastering journey.
 







  
 

© 2017 Ideosity, All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 


















