











Franck J. Moison - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Franck J. Moison
Vice Chairman at Colgate-Palmolive Company


View Full Profile
Are you Franck J. Moison? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Franck J. Moison's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Franck J. Moison's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Franck J. Moison's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Franck J. Moison through your network of contacts.
												








Franck J. Moison's Executive Work History


Current


Vice Chairman, 
Colgate-Palmolive Company


Board Member, 
United Parcel Service, Inc.


Board Member, 
Hanesbrands Inc.


Past
To view Franck J. Moison's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
63

 
 


Franck J. Moison's Biography



Franck is Vice Chairman for the Colgate-Palmolive Company, a position he has held since April 2016. He is currently leading Colgate-Palmolive's operations in Asia, South Pacific and Latin America, and he also leads Global Business Development. Previously, he was Chief Operating Officer of Emerging Markets from 2010 until 2016, and he was given additional responsibility for Business Development in 2013. Beginning in 1978, Franck served in various management positions with the Colgate-Palmolive Company, including President, Global Marketing, Global Supply Chain & R&D from 2007 to 2010, and President, Western Europe, Central Europe and South Pac ...
(Read More)

			Franck is Vice Chairman for the Colgate-Palmolive Company, a position he has held since April 2016. He is currently leading Colgate-Palmolive's operations in Asia, South Pacific and Latin America, and he also leads Global Business Development. Previously, he was Chief Operating Officer of Emerging Markets from 2010 until 2016, and he was given additional responsibility for Business Development in 2013. Beginning in 1978, Franck served in various management positions with the Colgate-Palmolive Company, including President, Global Marketing, Global Supply Chain & R&D from 2007 to 2010, and President, Western Europe, Central Europe and South Pacific from 2005 to 2007. 

He serves on the Board of Directors of Hanes Brands, Inc., is a director of the French American Chamber of Commerce, is Chairman of the International Advisory Board of the EDHEC Business School (Paris, London, Singapore) and is a member of the International Board of the McDonough School of Business at Georgetown University.



Franck has extensive experience as a senior executive at a large organization engaged in international business. He is a leader in consumer product innovation, strategic marketing, acquisitions, and emerging market business development. He is one of the most accomplished marketing and operating executives in the global consumer products industry. In addition, Franck has experience serving as a director of other publicly traded companies.
		
Source: United Parcel Service, Inc. on 02/23/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Franck J. Moison's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Franck J. Moison. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Franck J. Moison's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Franck J. Moison's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Franck J. Moison through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Franck J. Moison


















Franck J. Moison's Connections (195)





Sign up now to view Franck J. Moison's 195 connections »









Kevin M. Warsh
Board Member, United Parcel Service, Inc.









John T. Cahill
Board Member, The Kraft Heinz Company









Richard J. Kogan
Former Chief Executive Officer and President, Merck & Co., Inc.









C. Martin Harris
Board Member, Invacare Corporation









William R. Johnson
Former Board Member, Emerson Electric Co.









Michael J. Burns
Board Member, United Parcel Service, Inc.









Candace B. Kendle
Board Member, United Parcel Service, Inc.









Leonard S. Coleman
Board Member, Electronic Arts Inc.









David P. Abney
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, United Parcel Service, Inc.









Stephen I. Sadove
Chairman of the Board, Ruby Tuesday, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

























HanesBrands brings Franck J. Moison as Director on Board












































Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.






















NEWS FashionRetailBusinessCulturePeopleFairsExecutive newsEducation newsTagsJOBS Find a jobFind an internshipPost a vacancyDiscover employersNETWORK My passportForumLookbookEVENTSDATA Top 100StatisticsBusiness DataTRENDS USA ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiumCanadaChileChinaColombiaFranceGermanyIndiaItalyMéxicoNew zealandPerúRussiaSpainSwitzerlandThe NetherlandsUnited Kingdom  













https://fashionunited.info











(advertisement) 









 

 

 

 

 








(advertisement)	















Home
People
HanesBrand...
Share 








PEOPLE





 HanesBrands brings Franck J. Moison as Director on Board





Prachi Singh |



Tuesday, January 20 2015	




HanesBrands has
announced that Franck J. Moison, Chief Operating Officer of emerging
markets and business development for Colgate-Palmolive Company, has been
appointed to the company’s Board of Directors. With the appointment of
Moison, whose term runs until the 2015 annual meeting of stockholders, the
Hanes board has 11 members. 
 Moison is one of the most accomplished marketing and operating
executives in the global consumer products industry and has served as chief
operating officer of emerging markets for Colgate-Palmolive since 2010. He
also is responsible for Colgate-Palmolive’s global business development,
including mergers and acquisitions. 
 “Franck is one of the industry’s most distinguished leaders in consumer
product innovation, strategic marketing, acquisitions, and emerging market
business development. He will be a valued addition to our already talented
board of directors,” Hanes Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard A.
Noll said. 
 Moison’s career at Colgate-Palmolive spans more than three decades. As
Chief Operating Officer for emerging markets and business development,
Moison oversees fast-growing businesses that represent more than 9.2
billion dollars in annual sales and has overseen acquisitions in Europe and
emerging markets. Previously he served as President of Colgate-Palmolive’s
global marketing, supply chain and technology functions and has served in
management leadership positions based in New
York, Geneva, Paris, Rome and Zurich. 
He is a past Director of H.J. Heinz Company and serves as Chairman of the
advisory board for école des Hautes Etudes Commerciales business school
(France, London, andSingapore) and sits on the global advisory board of
the Georgetown University McDonough School of Business.






hanesbrands	



franck j. moison	







 Prev	



Next  









(advertisement)	


Related news



With more job cuts, HanesBrands expects to drive long-term growth





HanesBrands expects Q1 revenues at 1.38 bn dollars





HanesBrands reports 5 percent growth in annual sales





HanesBrands earnings improve 13 percent in Q3





HaneBrands Q2 net sales down 3 percent, outlook positive









Job of the week 



Sales Associate - Woodbury Common, NY

Reiss

APPLY NOW






MORE NEWS




UBM Fashion opens its door to first ever consumer-facing show







Czech Republic latest country to ban fur farms







Abercrombie & Fitch to launch on Alibaba’s TMall







Kinnevik NAV improves 3 percent, provides update on new investments







Find Me A Shoe unveils new personalized shoe shopping method







(advertisement)	






Latest jobs

 


Most read


MAP: The Top 10 Fastest Growing Prime Retail Streets




Battle of the Bra: Lululemon sues Under Armour over sports bra design




Stella McCartney highlights waste in new ad campaign




Veerah moves forward with eco-conscious women's shoes




​L’Homme Rouge & David Laport win International Woolmark Prize for Europe regional















Fashion Jobs and Fashion News in the USA

Fashion jobs, Fashion news and all other possible information about the fashion world fashion professionals need. Fashion jobs in the United States of America, New York, Los Angeles, Miami and a Fashion News archive and links to international fashion jobs.

Fashion jobs categories

The fashion career center is the best place to look for a job in fashion. Fashion jobs listed at FashionUnited include, retail management jobs, in store jobs, sales jobs, marketing jobs, design jobs, creative jobs, product and supply chain jobs, internships, traineeships, and international jobs in fashion.

Fashion news sections

FashionUnited offers a complete and comprehensive overview for the fashion industry covering all the fashion news, fashion headlines, fashion daily news, trends, fashion weeks, catwalks, fashion industry statistics, fashion education news, and executive news in Fashion.

Career in fashion

Looking for a job in fashion? FashionUnited is the leading destination for people working in fashion. Find jobs, internships, international fashion jobs, career tips, or post your fashion job on the job network.

Fashion World information

Looking for information about the fashion world? FashionUnited provides detailed information about the apparel industry world wide. 80 per cent of the biggest companies in fashion use the services focused on fashion professionals only.


















Fashion people and news



























Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.






















NEWS FashionRetailBusinessCulturePeopleFairsExecutive newsEducation newsTagsJOBS Find a jobFind an internshipPost a vacancyDiscover employersNETWORK My passportForumLookbookEVENTSDATA Top 100StatisticsBusiness DataTRENDS USA ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiumCanadaChileChinaColombiaFranceGermanyIndiaItalyMéxicoNew zealandPerúRussiaSpainSwitzerlandThe NetherlandsUnited Kingdom  













https://fashionunited.info











(advertisement) 









 

 

 

 

 








(advertisement)	















Home
People
Share 









Courrèges parts ways with creative directors




Don-Alvin Adegeest  |



Thursday, July 20 2017 



French fashion house Courrèges on Thursday stated it is parting ways with
its design duo Sébastien Meyer and Arnaud Vaillant.


Meyer and Vaillant were only in the role for four seasons, or two years,
and left by mutual agreement.


“They have accomplished the goal to reinterpret the house codes and
distinctive shapes that are synonym of the brand uniqueness and innovative
spirit,” the house said in a statement. “The two designers will now focus
on new creative projects.”


François Le Ménahèze, appointed president of Courrèges in April, will
reveal the brand’s new creative leadership, the statement said.


In 2015 Artémis SA, French billionaire François Pinault’s family holding
company, acquired a 30 percent stake in the company. At the time Courrèges
staged its first catwalk show after a 13 year hiatus, marking the debut of
Meyer and Vaillant as artistic directors of women’s wear.

Photo credit: Courreges AW17, source: www.courreges.fr











Katie Grand joins W Magazine after Enninful departure




Don-Alvin Adegeest  |



Thursday, July 20 2017 



W Magazine have announced British stylist Katie Grand as its new
contributing fashion editor. Grand takes over from Edward Enninful who
begins as the new editor in chief of British Vogue next month.


Grand, who will maintain her role as editor in chief of biannual
publication Love Magazine, a fashion bible she founded and is also
published by Condé Nast, stated: " I've bought W since I first started
buying magazines. It's a great American magazine with so much fantastic
history."


Grand will style fashion stories and work alongside W's editor in chief
Stefano Tonchi. Grand is thought to have been in the running to replace
Shulman, but was pipped to the post by Enninful, a successful editor and
stylist in his own right.


Tonchi told Business of Fashion: "A lot of people don't want to pinned down
in a specific place," citing Grand's many projects across editorial
(contributing to Vogue Paris and Italia) and advertising (for Louis
Vuitton, Prada, Miu Miu, Loewe) and creative partnership with Marc Jacobs.
"I started thinking about a structure that would let talent come in and
give their best, and also to have a more kind of reliable core here at the
magazine."


W magazine was first published in 1971 and was purchased by Condé Nast from
Fairchild Publications in 1999. The magazine is an oversized format, larger
than standard magazines and has a circulation of approximately 500,000.












Maureen Chiquet nominated to Canada Goose board




Danielle Wightman-Stone |



Thursday, July 20 2017 


Former Chanel chief executive Maureen Chiquet has been nominated to the
Canada Goose board of directors as an independent director.
Outerwear specialist Canada Goose states that Chiquet will bring a
“global vision, international leadership and deep luxury acumen” to the
board, as the brand continues its global expansion that includes the
opening of its first European flagship store in London this autumn.
“Maureen is a highly-regarded industry trailblazer and we are thrilled
to welcome her to our team as we grow our Board with the right people and
the right skills to help us leverage the opportunities that lie ahead,”
said Dani Reiss, president and chief executive of Canada Goose. “Her deep
expertise in growing businesses on an international scale, and extensive
track record of sustaining brand excellence will be invaluable as we
continue to expand our global footprint and build an enduring legacy.”
Chiquet, who was Chanel’s first global chief executive overseeing the
business and brand’s world-wide expansion for nearly a decade, brings more
than 30 years of retail industry experience to the Canada Goose board and
is expected to provide strong product, marketing, and business operations
expertise.
“I have long admired Canada Goose for its dedication to authenticity,
quality and craftsmanship and I am honoured to be a part of such a highly
coveted global brand as it embarks on its next chapter of growth. I look
forward to joining this winning team and to supporting Canada Goose’s
exciting future,” added Chiquet.
Chiquet will be nominated for election to the Board of Directors at
Canada Goose’s Annual General Meeting, which is scheduled to take place on
August 15 in Toronto.











Karren Brady to chair Arcadia’s parent company




Danielle Wightman-Stone |



Tuesday, July 18 2017 


Baroness Karren Brady, the boss of West Ham United and a judge on
reality TV show The Apprentice, has been appointed as non-executive
chairman of Taveta, the parent company of Sir Philip Green’s fashion
retailer empire Arcadia. 
Brady will replace Lord Grabiner as non-executive chairman immediately,
as he has announced that he is stepping down from the board after 15 years.
Grabiner was heavily criticised by a committee of MPs with regard to the
collapse of BHS for his “weak corporate governance”. 
In a statement Sir Philip Green said: “I am delighted to announce that
Baroness Karren Brady will be appointed as non-executive Chairman. Baroness
Brady joined the Taveta Board as a non-executive Director in September 2010
and will assume the role immediately.” 
Taveta names Baroness Karren Brady as non-executive chairman
Taveta is the Green family firm, owned by the retail mogul and his wife
Tina that controls Arcadia, the umbrella company that owns fashion chains
Topshop, Topman, Miss Selfridge, Dorothy Perkins, Evans, Burton, Wallis,
and Outfit. Arcadia has an annual turnover in excess of 2 billion pounds
and employs more than 24,000 people globally. 
Commenting on her appointment, Brady said: “It is a privilege to have
been invited to chair the Board and I look forward to working with my
colleagues as we concentrate on driving the Arcadia brands forward on their
global expansion.” 
Brady takes over as chair at a tricky time for the retail group as it
recently reported lower sales and profits with falling sales and increased
costs linked to the collapse of BHS. Taveta reported that pre-tax profits
for the Arcadia group plummeted from 172 million pounds to 37 million
pounds in the year ended August 27, 2016, with total turnover down 17
percent to 2.02 billion pounds. 
Image: courtesy of Topshop 











20 years after Gianni's murder, Versace has rediscovered its soul




AFP |



Friday, July 14 2017 


Twenty years ago, stylist Gianni Versace was
gunned down in Miami, plunging his fashion house into crisis. Two decades
on,
it is one of the world's top global luxury brands thanks to his little
sister,
Donatella.

He had gone out for the morning papers: as Versace returned to his Miami
beach mansion on July 15, 1997, he was shot dead by Andrew Cunanan, a
homosexual prostitute known for his obsession with all things luxury.
The fashion world mourned deeply. The stylist to celebrities from Madonna
to Elton John had been just 50 years old.

"He was a 360-degrees creator, a real artist, he had a pure creative
vision
on colours and materials," Stefania Saviolo, director of the luxury and
fashion centre at Bocconi University, told AFP In Milan.
The group he had created with his brother Santo in 1978 had been one of
the
hottest fashion brands in the world.

It fell to Versace's platinum blonde sister Donatella -- to whom Gianni
had
entrusted the casual line Versus -- to take over as artistic director.
But the brand struggled to recover from Versace's murder. Donatella, who
had worked for 14 years alongside Gianni, was severely affected by the loss
of
her brother and confessed to feeling "vulnerable".

Depression and cocaine 

"You can't invent yourself as an artistic director overnight," says
Saviolo, particularly as Donatella took over "at a time when fashion was
changing a lot, with many collections and great pressure on artistic
directors".

Donatella, instantly recognisable for her famous locks and perpetual tan,
sank into a period of depression and cocaine use before detoxifying in 2005.
The year before, the brand had acquired a new CEO in Giancarlo Di Risio.
The former Fendi boss refocused the Medusa on the luxury market,
streamlining
licensing and franchising deals and developing the accessories range.

Amid rumours in the press of a fall-out between the family and Di Risio
over planned cuts, he was replaced in 2009 by Gian Giacomo Ferraris, who
moved
over from the Jil Sander fashion house.
Ferraris wasted no time in launching an extensive reorganisation plan to
return Versace to profitability, cutting 25 percent of its workforce and
closing some boutiques before opening new ones as the books improved.

His intervention "doubled the turnover, which rose from 268 million euros
in 2009 to 645 million in 2015," according to David Pambianco, who heads up
a
consultancy company in his name.
By 2011 the historic brand had returned to profit after a gruelling three
years of losses.


'So much potential'

"The right balance was struck between Ferraris and Donatella, the
dialogue
between them was good and there was great respect for Donatella's creativity
and vision," Saviolo said.
The family, which had always refused to relinquish control to a luxury
conglomerate like so many of its fellow Italian fashion houses, finally
yielded a 20 percent stake in 2014 to the US private equity firm
Blackstone.

The move, which Donatella said would allow Versace to "achieve its
potential", resulted in a cash injection into the luxury designer and
boosted
its presence in emerging markets.
The bet paid off: despite a difficult global context, sales increased by
some 17 percent in 2014 and in 2015.

The house said it was time to "move onto the next phase" and Ferraris was
replaced in May 2016 by Jonathan Akeroyd, former CEO of Alexander McQueen.
Results last year were mixed, with sales up 3.7 percent to 668 million
euros but the company admitting a loss of 7.4 million euros due in
particular
to funds sunk into its network of boutiques.

These results "have caused some uncertainty", but "the company is
healthy,
certainly more than 10 years ago," said Pambianco.
"Versace remains one of the most beautiful brands in the world in the
luxury sector" and has "still so much potential to express", he said,
pointing
out that luxury house Gucci for example "has a turnover that is seven times
higher".

Saviolo agrees: "Versace has recovered its lost "red carpet DNA" and its
style is currently "very daring, very strong." (AFP) 

Photo: Versace AW17, Catwalkpictures












Laura Chaplin is new CmiA ambassador




Simone Preuss |



Friday, July 14 2017 


Laura Chaplin, granddaughter of world-famous actor Charlie Chaplin, is
the new ambassador of Cotton made in Africa (CmiA). The young fashion
designer wants to support the initiative for sustainable cotton farming
through her label 'Smile by Laura Chaplin'. 
“I really wanted to be ambassador for Cotton made in Africa, because we
share the same values. We want to make the world a happier place”, explains
Chaplin her decision to support Cotton made in Africa and the 695,000
smallholder cotton farmers in Sub-Saharan Africa CmiA is working with. 
In addition, the designer in whose life creative art has always played a
predominant role and whose label is characterised by a positive way of life
and humanity, is inspired in her work by the initiative and by the beauty
of Africa. “ Cotton made in Africa had a great influence on my designs.
With them I want to give people along the textile chain a reason to smile -
from the farmer to the consumer.”
“Laura Chaplin and Cotton made in Africa are united in their goal to
improve the living and working conditions of cotton farmers and to promote
nature conservation in Africa. Together, we want to spread a smile around
the world - for the farmers, nature and consumers alike”, confirms CmiA's
managing director Tina Stridde, who feels honoured to work with Chaplin.

In this video interview, Laura Chaplin talks about her life, her new
label Smile by Laura Chaplin and her role as CmiA ambassador. 



Photo: Laura Chaplin / Cotton made in Africa











Thousands of surfers come together to honour the late Jack O'Neill




Vivian Hendriksz |



Tuesday, July 11 2017 



Thousands of surfers came together in several locations around the globe to
honour the life of the legendary adventurer and entrepreneur Jack O'Neill.


Surfers at O'Neill, the man behind the surfwear inspired brand O'Neill, led
the honorary proceedings on Sunday and Monday, as simultaneous paddle outs
took place in Australia, Canada, Portugal, England, Belgium, France, the
Netherlands, Japan and South Africa.


Fans of the brand felt there was no better way to honour the man who 'just
wanted to surf longer.' "For all of us floating out here, some of the best
moments of our lives have been spent in the water – waiting under the great
dome of sky and catching that perfect wave that has taken us to where we
need to be," said Shaun Tomson, a former world champion surfer and close
friend of O'Neill and his family.


O'Neill has been credited with inventing the first neoprene surf and
bodysurfing wetsuits prior to opening his first surf shop near Ocean Beach,
San Francisco. Afterwards, he moved to Santa Cruz, where he opened his next
surf shop, thereby coining the phrase. Since then the surf, snow and
lifestyle brand has expanded across the globe to offer its products to
wider audience.













Dune London’s CEO John Egan steps down




Prachi Singh |



Monday, July 03 2017 


The Dune Group has announced after around nine years as the CEO, John
Egan will be leaving his full-time role and move to a non-executive
director’s role within Dune Holdings business. The company said, James Cox
will now be appointed CEO on Egan’s departure at the end of August. 
Executive Chairman Daniel Rubin said in a statement, “John has made a
huge contribution to the group over the years. He played a major role in
the acquisition of Shoe Studio in 2009, which trebled the size of the
business, and since then has expertly guided the business through major
growth, both in the UK and internationally, during a period of major change
both for The Dune Group and the retail sector generally.”
The company added in a statement that Cox has been COO since 2013 when
he was promoted from the role of finance director. He has been responsible
for providing The Dune Group with first class operating systems as well as
ensuring that it has a strong financial base.
“It has been a privilege to lead the Dune business during a period of
incredible sales and profit growth with a talented senior management team.
I look forward to my continuing relationship with the business as a
non-executive director,” added Egan.
Picture:Dune London PR Shots











Menswear designer to watch out for: Paul Helbers




Esmee Blaazer |



Monday, July 03 2017 


For years, Paul Helbers was among the top menswear
designers, working for brands like Louis Vuitton and Martin Margiela. Last
year he took a step back and launched his own menswear line ‘Helbers’. His
first two collections have been well-received by major fashion retailers in
France, the United Kingdom and the United States.
”It isn’t possible to entirely impose your own taste on large department
stores,” Helbers told Fashionweek.nl in an interview earlier this year. “My
approach now is smaller and more personal and I can pay more attention to a
product than I could at a large brand. Furthermore, the word ‘luxury’ is no
longer part of my vocabulary. In that sense, our clients are very different
compared to Louis Vuitton.”
    collarless flight jacket in cotton
satin – spring summer 18 photo @ChristopheBerlet #Helbers #quilting
#seb A post shared by Helbers
(@helbersparis) on Jun 27, 2017 at 12:09am PDT blockquote> Paul Helbers’ eponymous brand is well received
Helbers made his debut in Paris last year with his collection of formal
and casual menswear, which includes chunky knits, trousers, jackets and
shoes in the mid to high segment. Prices range from 300 euros for a shirt
to 2,500 euros for a coat. His second collection built on this style, but
included lighter materials and looser details. The products were already
available at Barneys in New York, Mr. Porter and Matches Fashion.
>p>In an interview with Fashionista he described his target group as
‘people who care about clothes and want a certain effortlessness’. “I don’t
really have an age in mind when I design, it’s more about personality than
fashion; a collection in which you find self-expression, without losing
your own identity, without becoming a fashion victim.”
Paul Helbers: From consultant to designer for major fashion houses
Helbers worked as a designer for Maison Martin Margiela for five years
before joining Louis Vuitton, where he worked under Marc Jacobs in the
menswear division. Before kicking off his career working for major fashion
houses, Helbers graduated from the Royal College of Art in London and went
to work for the now discontinued fashion chain Mac & Maggie in Amsterdam.
“It was what H&M is today,” Helbers said of the brand.
Following his time there, he joined forces with several Mac & Maggie
colleagues to launch the tailored sportswear collection called Inch. “It
was very Dutch. I come from the Netherlands, and when you fly over the
country, you see that it too is very much designed. Every square inch is
cultivated, and that was also the idea behind the collection,” Helbers told
Fashionista. Eventually he quit the label and started to work as a menswear
designer in the Netherlands. Not long after, he received a call from
Margiela asking him to join the brand as a designer.
His time at Margiela was a major learning process for Helbers, because –
as he tells it – he was confronted with a designer who ‘ultimately makes
both clothing and fashion’. “I also learned to think before drawing,
instead of simply producing and reworking. You follow the entire process of
conceptualization,” Helbers revealed.
Paul Helbers takes step back with launch of eponymous fashion label
When Helbers joined Louis Vuitton in 2005, menswear collections were
still rather inconsequential. In the time he worked for the fashion house,
he was able to double menswear’s revenues.
After leaving Louis Vuitton in 2011, Helbers became a consultant for a
range of fashion brands, including Chinese cashmere manufacturer Erdos. In
the meantime, he also laid down the groundwork for his own brand. Not only
did he look for partners, he also explored the way in which his collections
would be manufactured. “Where and how my clothing is made is very important
to me,” Helbers said.
 Helbers chose to launch his own brand because he has a very specific
methodology. “My inspiration often arises from a historic perspective; the
workshops I worked with are all as old as my inspirational images,” he told
Fashionweek.nl. “I often enter into a very close working relationship with
workshops, which ensures that traditional craftsmanship is given new life
and becomes connected with the present. This methodology is hard to find
among existing brands, because there the focus is usually on the research
of the product,” he explained in the interview.
Helbers’ use of athleisure features in his collections is not
arbitrary. Most recently, he worked in a consultancy capacity for
Milan-based womenswear athleisure brand Callens & Co, where he found
inspiration for his own brand. “In the end, people can only ever do one
thing. I’m a one-trick pony. In the nineties, I had already based my own
label on materials for sportswear, but I didn’t yet have the experience I
garnered working for Louis Vuitton and Margiela. Since then, I have learned
how to use materials without losing their elegance,” he revealed to
Fashionista. According to the designer, the latter has proved to be an
advantage. “I think that nowadays there is more room to explore this side
of fashion than in the past. People travel more, their lives are more
dynamic, and so the functionality of the collection emphasizes the way of
life.”
Helbers told Fashionweek.nl that we can expect an expansion of this
current collection with accessories. “The goal is to someday open our own
stores.” These would also offer items like glassware, porcelain and books.
“I want to expand and delve deeper.”
  
Read also:  
Menswear designer to watch out for: Virgil Abloh from Off-White



Menswear designer to watch out for: Gosha Rubchinskiy


 




During the month of June FashionUnited will focus on the menswear catwalk
season. For all reads, click here.


Image: Helbers











Philipp Plein names new CFO and COO




Kristopher Fraser |



Thursday, June 29 2017 



Edwin Navez has recently been appointed CFO and COO of the Lugano based
Philipp Plein Group, the rapidly expanding company founded by German
designer and entrepreneur Philipp Plein.


Navez, a seasoned finance expert, brings with him a vast experience
accumulated in publicly listed companies engaged in various fields from
engineering to pharmaceuticals, as well as in his recent top financial
positions at Michael Kors Europe and Gianni Versace.


His unique experience in problem solving, process improvement and
optimization will be an advantage for the dynamic group which is expected
to surpass a turnover of 300,000,000 Euros in 2017.


Philipp Plein has been working on expanding its international presence.


Last February, the brand opted to show at New York Fashion Week, to help
bring more attention to their American presence. Plein himself is known to
be spotted at his Madison Avenue boutique, where he also gets to see what
his customers really want.


The increased celebrity following for his brand is also helping him boost
sales and increase media exposure. Paris Hilton, Nas and Keyshia Cole are
all known fans of the brand.







 Page 1 of 68 
1234...678910 







(advertisement)	







Job of the week 



Sales Associate - Woodbury Common, NY

Reiss

APPLY NOW






MORE NEWS




UBM Fashion opens its door to first ever consumer-facing show







Czech Republic latest country to ban fur farms







Abercrombie & Fitch to launch on Alibaba’s TMall







Kinnevik NAV improves 3 percent, provides update on new investments







Find Me A Shoe unveils new personalized shoe shopping method







(advertisement)	






Latest jobs

 


Most read


MAP: The Top 10 Fastest Growing Prime Retail Streets




Battle of the Bra: Lululemon sues Under Armour over sports bra design




Stella McCartney highlights waste in new ad campaign




Veerah moves forward with eco-conscious women's shoes




​L’Homme Rouge & David Laport win International Woolmark Prize for Europe regional















Fashion Jobs and Fashion News in the USA

Fashion jobs, Fashion news and all other possible information about the fashion world fashion professionals need. Fashion jobs in the United States of America, New York, Los Angeles, Miami and a Fashion News archive and links to international fashion jobs.

Fashion jobs categories

The fashion career center is the best place to look for a job in fashion. Fashion jobs listed at FashionUnited include, retail management jobs, in store jobs, sales jobs, marketing jobs, design jobs, creative jobs, product and supply chain jobs, internships, traineeships, and international jobs in fashion.

Fashion news sections

FashionUnited offers a complete and comprehensive overview for the fashion industry covering all the fashion news, fashion headlines, fashion daily news, trends, fashion weeks, catwalks, fashion industry statistics, fashion education news, and executive news in Fashion.

Career in fashion

Looking for a job in fashion? FashionUnited is the leading destination for people working in fashion. Find jobs, internships, international fashion jobs, career tips, or post your fashion job on the job network.

Fashion World information

Looking for information about the fashion world? FashionUnited provides detailed information about the apparel industry world wide. 80 per cent of the biggest companies in fashion use the services focused on fashion professionals only.













Franck J Moison - New York, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Franck J Moison in New York, NY


Franck J Moison

                                                                           Intelius found that Franck J Moison  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from New York, NY.  We have connected them to
                7 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Franck J Moison is in his 60s

Franck Has Lived In

New York, NY
Mamaroneck, NY
Dallas, TX

Franck's Relatives

Diana Bianchi
Matthieu Moison
Michael Moison







Franck J Moison



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
President at Colgate-Palmolive Company



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Franck? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Franck, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Franck J Moison
Get a Criminal Check on Franck J Moison
Get a Public Record Report on Franck J Moison
Get a People Search Report on Franck J Moison


Franck J Moison's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Franck J Moison has lived as well as Franck J Moison's phone numbers and email addresses.




Franck J Moison Has Lived in 3 States
New York Address for Franck J Moison


1148 5** A** 

New York, NY


Has Lived In

New York, NY
Mamaroneck, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Franck J Moison

() ***-**** - New York, NY 
(212) ***-**** - New York, NY 
(212) ***-**** - New York, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Franck J Moison

f***********n@***.com
f*****m@***.com
f***********n@***.com


Get Email Report




Franck J Moison's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Franck J Moison's academic history.  Find out which schools Franck J Moison attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Franck J Moison received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Franck J Moison Has Attended 8 Schools
Georgetown University 
Georgetown University               2013                              
University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business               1975 – 1977               Franck J Moison has a Master of Business Administration (mba) in Marketing and Finance               
University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business               1975 – 1977               Franck J Moison has a Master of Business Administration (mba), in Marketing and Finance               
University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business               1975 – 1977               Franck J Moison has a Master of Business Administration (mba), Marketing and Finance in Marketing and Finance               
University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business               1975 – 1977               Franck J Moison has a MBA in Marketing and Finance               
EDHEC Business School               1972 – 1975               Franck J Moison has a MBA in Marketing               
EDHEC Business School               1972 – 1975               Franck J Moison has a MBA, Marketing in Marketing               


Franck J Moison's Professional Information
Information regarding Franck J Moison's professional history.  Find out previous places Franck J Moison has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Franck J Moison Has Worked at 17 Places
Company: Colgate-Palmolive Company
               Title: President
Company: Colgate-Palmolive Company
               Title: President Global Business Development / Technology
Franck J Moison's Experience
Title: President
               Company: Colgate-Palmolive Company
Job Details
               Colgate-Palmolive is a leading global consumer products company, tightly focused on Oral Care, Personal Care, Home Care and Pet Nutrition. Colgate sells its products in over 200 countries and territories around the world under such internationally recognized brand names as Colgate, Palmolive, Speed Stick, Lady Speed Stick, Softsoap, Irish Spring, Protex, Sorriso, Kolynos, elmex, Tom's of Maine, Sanex, Ajax, Axion, Fabuloso, Soupline and Suavitel, as well as Hill's Science Diet, Hill's Prescription Diet and Hill's Ideal Balance.
Title: President Global Business Development / Technology
               Company: Colgate-Palmolive Company
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 25,000 to less than 100,000
Additional Professional Information on Franck J Moison

 See Franck J Moison's LinkedIn Profile



Franck J Moison's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Franck J Moison


Franck J Moison's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Franck J Moison's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Franck Moison
Username Matches

                  FranckMoison
                  MoisonFranck
                  Franck.Moison
                  Moison.Franck
                  Franck_Moison
                  Moison_Franck
                  Franck-Moison
                  Moison-Franck
                  FMoison
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
F Moison







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











UPS Names Franck J. Moison To Board Of Directors



























 Toggle navigation







									Home
								



									News & Assets
								


Press Releases


Case Studies


Media


Speeches


Fact Sheets





									Media Kits
								



									About UPS
								


History Timeline


UPS In The News


Leadership


Awards & Recognition





									Contacts
								




US-English



Follow



















Subscribe








					Follow
					

















Subscribe





UPS Names Franck J. Moison To Board Of Directors




US 02/08/17
Atlanta, GA
UPS (NYSE: UPS) today announced that its board of directors has named Franck J. Moison as a UPS company director effective immediately.Moison, 63, is vice chairman for the Colgate-Palmolive Company, a position he has held since April 2016. Previously, he was chief operating officer of emerging markets and business development. Moison’s appointment to the UPS board brings the total number of directors to 12.
Moison will join the board’s nominating and corporate governance committee.
“Franck brings valuable international experience to our board of directors,” said David Abney, UPS chairman and CEO. “He is a highly respected international executive and a distinguished leader in consumer product innovation, strategic marketing, acquisitions and emerging market business development.”
Since 1978, Moison has held various management positions with Colgate-Palmolive, including the role of president, global marketing, supply chain and R&D. He also was the company’s president of Europe and South Pacific, president of Western Europe, and president of Central Europe and Russia.
Moison is a member of the board of directors of Hanes Brands Inc. and a member of the board of directors of the French American Chamber of Commerce. He previously served as a member of the board of directors of H.J. Heinz Company. He also serves as chairman of the International Advisory Board of the EDHEC Business School (Paris, London, Singapore) and as a member of the International Board of the McDonough School of Business at Georgetown University.
Moison is a native of France and has lived and worked across Europe and the United States. He is fluent in English, French, Italian and German.About UPS
UPS (NYSE: UPS) is a global leader in logistics, offering a broad range  of solutions including transporting packages and freight; facilitating  international trade, and deploying advanced technology to more  efficiently manage the world of business. Headquartered in Atlanta, UPS  serves more than 220 countries and territories worldwide. The company  can be found on the web at ups.com® or pressroom.ups.com and its corporate blog can be found at longitudes.ups.com. To get UPS news direct, follow @UPS_News on Twitter.





















Share







Inquiries
For more information about this press release, contact:

Glenn Zaccara

+14048284663


gzaccara@ups.com

Scott Childress

+14048287957


schildress@ups.com


























Share













mutemax
									volume






playstop














«










Download Audio




							If you are unable to download this video, image or audio file,
							please check and adjust your browser settings to enable
								downloads.








«











							If you are unable to download this video, image or audio file,
							please check and adjust your browser settings to enable
								downloads.







«










Download Low Res Image


Download High Res Image




							If you are unable to download this video, image or audio file,
							please check and adjust your browser settings to enable
								downloads.








Request A Speaker

To request a UPS executive for an upcoming speaking engagement , please complete and submit the following form *Required field *Required field


Email address*


Confirm email*


First name*


Last Name*


Country CodeAlgeria (+213)Andorra (+376)Angola (+244)Anguilla (+1264)Antigua & Barbuda (+1268)Antilles (Dutch) (+599)Argentina (+54)Armenia (+374)Aruba (+297)Ascension Island (+247)Australia (+61)Austria (+43)Azerbaijan (+994)Bahamas (+1242)Bahrain (+973)Bangladesh (+880)Barbados (+1246)Belarus (+375)Belgium (+32)Belize (+501)Benin (+229)Bermuda (+1441)Bhutan (+975)Bolivia (+591)Bosnia Herzegovina (+387)Botswana (+267)Brazil (+55)Brunei (+673)Bulgaria (+359)Burkina Faso (+226)Burundi (+257)Cambodia (+855)Cameroon (+237)Canada (+1)Cape Verde Islands (+238)Cayman Islands (+1345)Central African Republic (+236)Chile (+56)China (+86)Colombia (+57)Comoros (+269)Congo (+242)Cook Islands (+682)Costa Rica (+506)Croatia (+385)Cuba (+53)Cyprus North (+90392)Cyprus South (+357)Czech Republic (+42)Denmark (+45)Diego Garcia (+2463)Djibouti (+253)Dominica (+1809)Dominican Republic (+1809)Ecuador (+593)Egypt (+20)Eire (+353)El Salvador (+503)Equatorial Guinea (+240)Eritrea (+291)Estonia (+372)Ethiopia (+251)Falkland Islands (+500)Faroe Islands (+298)Fiji (+679)Finland (+358)France (+33)French Guiana (+594)French Polynesia (+689)Gabon (+241)Gambia (+220)Georgia (+7880)Germany (+49)Ghana (+233)Gibraltar (+350)Greece (+30)Greenland (+299)Grenada (+1473)Guadeloupe (+590)Guam (+671)Guatemala (+502)Guinea (+224)Guinea - Bissau (+245)Guyana (+592)Haiti (+509)Honduras (+504)Hong Kong (+852)Hungary (+36)Iceland (+354)India (+91)Indonesia (+62)Iran (+98)Iraq (+964)Israel (+972)Italy (+39)Ivory Coast (+225)Jamaica (+1876)Japan (+81)Jordan (+962)Kazakhstan (+7)Kenya (+254)Kiribati (+686)Korea North (+850)Korea South (+82)Kuwait (+965)Kyrgyzstan (+996)Laos (+856)Latvia (+371)Lebanon (+961)Lesotho (+266)Liberia (+231)Libya (+218)Liechtenstein (+417)Lithuania (+370)Luxembourg (+352)Macao (+853)Macedonia (+389)Madagascar (+261)Malawi (+265)Malaysia (+60)Maldives (+960)Mali (+223)Malta (+356)Marshall Islands (+692)Martinique (+596)Mauritania (+222)Mayotte (+269)Mexico (+52)Micronesia (+691)Moldova (+373)Monaco (+377)Mongolia (+976)Montserrat (+1664)Morocco (+212)Mozambique (+258)Myanmar (+95)Namibia (+264)Nauru (+674)Nepal (+977)Netherlands (+31)New Caledonia (+687)New Zealand (+64)Nicaragua (+505)Niger (+227)Nigeria (+234)Niue (+683)Norfolk Islands (+672)Northern Marianas (+670)Norway (+47)Oman (+968)Palau (+680)Panama (+507)Papua New Guinea (+675)Paraguay (+595)Peru (+51)Philippines (+63)Poland (+48)Portugal (+351)Puerto Rico (+1787)Qatar (+974)Reunion (+262)Romania (+40)Russia (+7)Rwanda (+250)San Marino (+378)Sao Tome & Principe (+239)Saudi Arabia (+966)Senegal (+221)Serbia (+381)Seychelles (+248)Sierra Leone (+232)Singapore (+65)Slovak Republic (+421)Slovenia (+386)Solomon Islands (+677)Somalia (+252)South Africa (+27)Spain (+34)Sri Lanka (+94)St. Helena (+290)St. Kitts (+1869)St. Lucia (+1758)Sudan (+249)Suriname (+597)Swaziland (+268)Sweden (+46)Switzerland (+41)Syria (+963)Taiwan (+886)Tajikstan (+7)Thailand (+66)Togo (+228)Tonga (+676)Trinidad & Tobago (+1868)Tunisia (+216)Turkey (+90)Turkmenistan (+7)Turkmenistan (+993)Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649)Tuvalu (+688)Uganda (+256)UK (+44)Ukraine (+380)United Arab Emirates (+971)Uruguay (+598)USA (+1)Vatican City (+379)Vanuatu (+678)Vatican City (+379)Venezuela (+58)Vietnam (+84)Virgin Islands - British (+1284)Virgin Islands - US (+1340)Wallis & Futuna (+681)Yemen (North) (+969)Yemen (South) (+967)Yugoslavia (+381)Zaire (+243)Zambia (+260)Zimbabwe (+263)


Phone Number


Website



Event information

Speaker requested


Speech topic*


Event host*


Event Website


Event Date*


Location of event*


Brief event description*


Audience size*


Audience (all that apply)*


Additional information






We are unable to process your speaker request.We have not been able to received your request for a UPS speaker.  We would like you to be contacting our Public Relationship office at +14048287123  Call Send SMS Add to Skype You'll need Skype CreditFree via Skype 


We are processing your speaker request. We have received your request for a UPS speaker.  We will be contacting you shortly to cofirm event details and try to work out a successful speaking engagement. Thanks very much for your request.




Subscribe to UPS email updates

Sign up now to receive occasional email updates from UPS. *Required field


First name*


Last Name*


Email address*


Confirm email*


Company Media



Please select the topics you would like to receive emails about from the list below:

Company information



All Press Releases




Advertising and sponsorships




UPS Corporate






Products and services



Industry-specific solutions




Logistics and distribution services




Transportation and freight services






Social responsibility



Conservation




Environment




Global Humanitarian Relief







We have received your request for UPS email updates. Thank you for subscribing to receive email updates from UPS. Unfortunately due to technical difficulty we have not been added to the UPS press release email distribution list.  Please contact us at +14048287123


We have received your request for UPS email updates. Thank you for subscribing to receive email updates from UPS. You have been added to the UPS press release email distribution list and can expect to begin receiving UPS news within 1 or 2 business days.
Connect with  UsStay up-to-date with the latest UPS news, industry insights and more.






















										Website Terms of Use
										



										Privacy Notice
										



										Your California Privacy Rights
										



											UPS.com
										




© 2017 United Parcel Service of America, Inc. | All rights reserved.






UPS Names Franck J. Moison To Board Of Directors NYSE:UPS









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













UPS Names Franck J. Moison To Board Of Directors




















February 08, 2017 16:25 ET

 | Source: UPS






ATLANTA, Feb.  08, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- UPS (NYSE: UPS) today announced that its board of directors has named Franck J. Moison as a UPS company director effective immediately.
Moison, 63, is vice chairman for the Colgate-Palmolive Company, a position he has held since April 2016. Previously, he was chief operating officer of emerging markets and business development. Moison’s appointment to the UPS board brings the total number of directors to 12.
Moison will join the board’s nominating and corporate governance committee.
“Franck brings valuable international experience to our board of directors,” said David Abney, UPS chairman and CEO. “He is a highly respected international executive and a distinguished leader in consumer product innovation, strategic marketing, acquisitions and emerging market business development.”
Since 1978, Moison has held various management positions with Colgate-Palmolive, including the role of president, global marketing, supply chain and R&D. He also was the company’s president of Europe and South Pacific, president of Western Europe, and president of Central Europe and Russia.
Moison is a member of the board of directors of Hanes Brands Inc. and a member of the board of directors of the French American Chamber of Commerce. He previously served as a member of the board of directors of H.J. Heinz Company. He also serves as chairman of the International Advisory Board of the EDHEC Business School (Paris, London, Singapore) and as a member of the International Board of the McDonough School of Business at Georgetown University.
Moison is a native of France and has lived and worked across Europe and the United States. He is fluent in English, French, Italian and German.
About UPS
UPS (NYSE: UPS) is a global leader in logistics, offering a broad range of solutions including transporting packages and freight; facilitating international trade, and deploying advanced technology to more efficiently manage the world of business. Headquartered in Atlanta, UPS serves more than 220 countries and territories worldwide. The company can be found on the web at ups.com® and its corporate blog can be found at longitudes.ups.com. To get UPS news direct, visit pressroom.ups.com/RSS or
follow @UPS_News.
Glenn Zaccara, Public Relations
404-828-4663
		
Scott Childress, Investor Relations
404-828-7957



Related Articles
other press releases by UPS


UPS To Release 2nd Quarter Results On Thursday, July 27, 2017
July 17, 2017 10:00


UPS Commits To More Alternative Vehicles, Fuel And Renewable Power By 2025
June 27, 2017 08:00


UPS Expands Tuition Assistance Program to Include All Part-Time Employees in Wisconsin
June 26, 2017 10:00


UPS Expands Tuition Assistance Program to Include All Part-Time Employees in Nebraska
June 26, 2017 10:00


UPS Expands Tuition Assistance Program to Include All Part-Time Employees in North Dakota  
June 26, 2017 10:00








Profile

UPS





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Atlanta, Georgia, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
Glenn Zaccara, Public Relations
404-828-4663
		
Scott Childress, Investor Relations
404-828-7957








Media Files



UPS  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        








Tags
UPS














Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.










HanesBrands Appoints Franck J. Moison to Board of Directors































































HanesBrands Appoints Franck J. Moison to Board of Directors
HanesBrands appoints Franck Moison to board of directors.
























Tweet




















January 20, 2015 - 05:03 AM PST


WINSTON-SALEM, N.C.



(Business Wire)  
      HanesBrands (NYSE: HBI), a leading global maker and marketer of everyday 
      basic apparel under world-class brands, today announced that Franck J. 
      Moison, chief operating officer of emerging markets and business 
      development for Colgate-Palmolive Company, has been appointed to the 
      company’s board of directors.
    

      With the appointment of Moison, whose term runs until the 2015 annual 
      meeting of stockholders, the Hanes board has 11 members.
    

      Moison, 61, is one of the most accomplished marketing and operating 
      executives in the global consumer products industry and has served as 
      chief operating officer of emerging markets for Colgate-Palmolive since 
      2010. He also is responsible for Colgate-Palmolive’s global business 
      development, including mergers and acquisitions.
    

      “Franck is one of the industry’s most distinguished leaders in consumer 
      product innovation, strategic marketing, acquisitions, and emerging 
      market business development. He will be a valued addition to our already 
      talented board of directors,” Hanes Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
      Richard A. Noll said.
    

      Moison’s career at Colgate-Palmolive spans more than three decades. As 
      chief operating officer for emerging markets and business development, 
      Moison oversees fast-growing businesses that represent more than $9.2 
      billion in annual sales and has overseen acquisitions in Europe and 
      emerging markets. Previously he served as president of 
      Colgate-Palmolive’s global marketing, supply chain and technology 
      functions and has served in management leadership positions based in New 
      York, Geneva, Paris, Rome and Zurich.
    

      He is a past director of H.J. Heinz Company and serves as chairman of 
      the advisory board for école des Hautes Etudes Commerciales business 
      school (France, London, and Singapore) and sits on the global advisory 
      board of the Georgetown University McDonough School of Business. He 
      earned his business degree from école des Hautes Etudes Commerciales du 
      Nord in Lille, France, and his MBA from the University of Michigan Ross 
      School of Business in Ann Arbor, Mich.
    

HanesBrands


      HanesBrands, based in Winston-Salem, N.C., is a socially responsible 
      leading marketer of everyday basic apparel under some of the world’s 
      strongest apparel brands in the Americas, Asia and Europe, including Hanes, 
      Champion, Playtex, DIM, Bali, Maidenform, 
      Flexees, JMS/Just My Size, Wonderbra, Nür Die, Lovable 
      and Gear for Sports. The company sells T-shirts, bras, panties, 
      shapewear, men’s underwear, children’s underwear, socks, hosiery, and 
      activewear produced in the company’s low-cost global supply chain. 
      Ranked No. 530 on the Fortune 1000 list, Hanes has approximately 55,900 
      employees in more than 35 countries and takes pride in its strong 
      reputation for ethical business practices. Hanes is a U.S. Environmental 
      Protection Agency Energy Star 2014, 2013 and 2012 Sustained Excellence 
      Award winner and 2011 and 2010 Partner of the Year award winner. The 
      company has been ranked on Newsweek magazine’s list of Top 500 greenest 
      U.S. companies. More information about the company and its corporate 
      social responsibility initiatives, including environmental, social 
      compliance and community improvement achievements, may be found at www.Hanes.com/corporate.
    
 

Filed In:
Manufacturing, 
Materials, 
Retail


help us maintain quality content — report this story






Feed


Email


PDF


Print








Contact




      HanesBrandsNews Media:Matt Hall, 336-519-3386orAnalysts 
      and Investors:T.C. Robillard, 336-519-2115
    





More


Read more stories from HanesBrands






 
























Home | About | dlvr.it Social | Browser Extension | Contact | API | Help | TOS

add your story  






 


 



HanesBrands Appoints Franck J. Moison to Board of Directors | Business Wire
























































HanesBrands Appoints Franck J. Moison to Board of Directors






January 20, 2015 08:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



WINSTON-SALEM, N.C.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--HanesBrands (NYSE: HBI), a leading global maker and marketer of everyday 
      basic apparel under world-class brands, today announced that Franck J. 
      Moison, chief operating officer of emerging markets and business 
      development for Colgate-Palmolive Company, has been appointed to the 
      company’s board of directors.
    


      With the appointment of Moison, whose term runs until the 2015 annual 
      meeting of stockholders, the Hanes board has 11 members.
    

      Moison, 61, is one of the most accomplished marketing and operating 
      executives in the global consumer products industry and has served as 
      chief operating officer of emerging markets for Colgate-Palmolive since 
      2010. He also is responsible for Colgate-Palmolive’s global business 
      development, including mergers and acquisitions.
    

      “Franck is one of the industry’s most distinguished leaders in consumer 
      product innovation, strategic marketing, acquisitions, and emerging 
      market business development. He will be a valued addition to our already 
      talented board of directors,” Hanes Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
      Richard A. Noll said.
    

      Moison’s career at Colgate-Palmolive spans more than three decades. As 
      chief operating officer for emerging markets and business development, 
      Moison oversees fast-growing businesses that represent more than $9.2 
      billion in annual sales and has overseen acquisitions in Europe and 
      emerging markets. Previously he served as president of 
      Colgate-Palmolive’s global marketing, supply chain and technology 
      functions and has served in management leadership positions based in New 
      York, Geneva, Paris, Rome and Zurich.
    

      He is a past director of H.J. Heinz Company and serves as chairman of 
      the advisory board for école des Hautes Etudes Commerciales business 
      school (France, London, and Singapore) and sits on the global advisory 
      board of the Georgetown University McDonough School of Business. He 
      earned his business degree from école des Hautes Etudes Commerciales du 
      Nord in Lille, France, and his MBA from the University of Michigan Ross 
      School of Business in Ann Arbor, Mich.
    

HanesBrands


      HanesBrands, based in Winston-Salem, N.C., is a socially responsible 
      leading marketer of everyday basic apparel under some of the world’s 
      strongest apparel brands in the Americas, Asia and Europe, including Hanes, 
      Champion, Playtex, DIM, Bali, Maidenform, 
      Flexees, JMS/Just My Size, Wonderbra, Nür Die, Lovable 
      and Gear for Sports. The company sells T-shirts, bras, panties, 
      shapewear, men’s underwear, children’s underwear, socks, hosiery, and 
      activewear produced in the company’s low-cost global supply chain. 
      Ranked No. 530 on the Fortune 1000 list, Hanes has approximately 55,900 
      employees in more than 35 countries and takes pride in its strong 
      reputation for ethical business practices. Hanes is a U.S. Environmental 
      Protection Agency Energy Star 2014, 2013 and 2012 Sustained Excellence 
      Award winner and 2011 and 2010 Partner of the Year award winner. The 
      company has been ranked on Newsweek magazine’s list of Top 500 greenest 
      U.S. companies. More information about the company and its corporate 
      social responsibility initiatives, including environmental, social 
      compliance and community improvement achievements, may be found at www.Hanes.com/corporate.
    


Contacts

      HanesBrandsNews Media:Matt Hall, 336-519-3386orAnalysts 
      and Investors:T.C. Robillard, 336-519-2115
    













Release Summary
HanesBrands appoints Franck Moison to board of directors.






Contacts

      HanesBrandsNews Media:Matt Hall, 336-519-3386orAnalysts 
      and Investors:T.C. Robillard, 336-519-2115
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up


















UPS names Franck J. Moison to board of directors - Automotive World




















































 
News
Analysis
Research
Data
Magazine
Webinars
Conferences
Login
Subscribe
Contact us







 
Automotive World Information and networking for auto industry professionals

 












Home > News Releases > Manufacturing and Logistics News Releases > UPS names Franck J. Moison to board of directors


UPS names Franck J. Moison to board of directors

February 8, 2017



UPS (NYSE: UPS) today announced that its board of directors has named Franck J. Moison as a UPS company director effective immediately.
Moison, 63, is vice chairman for the Colgate-Palmolive Company, a position he has held since April 2016. Previously, he was chief operating officer of emerging markets and business development. Moison’s appointment to the UPS board brings the total number of directors to 12.
Moison will join the board’s nominating and corporate governance committee.
“Franck brings valuable international experience to our board of directors,” said David Abney, UPS chairman and CEO. “He is a highly respected international executive and a distinguished leader in consumer product innovation, strategic marketing, acquisitions and emerging market business development.”
Since 1978, Moison has held various management positions with Colgate-Palmolive, including the role of president, global marketing, supply chain and R&D. He also was the company’s president of Europe and South Pacific, president of Western Europe, and president of Central Europe and Russia.
Moison is a member of the board of directors of Hanes Brands Inc. and a member of the board of directors of the French American Chamber of Commerce. He previously served as a member of the board of directors of H.J. Heinz Company. He also serves as chairman of the International Advisory Board of the EDHEC Business School (Paris, London, Singapore) and as a member of the International Board of the McDonough School of Business at Georgetown University.
Moison is a native of France and has lived and worked across Europe and the United States. He is fluent in English, French, Italian and German.
*Automotive World is not responsible for the content of this news release.

2017-02-08
India Thomas




Login
 



 
 Remember Me



Lost your password?


Newsletter

 Commercial Vehicles


 Electronics


 eMobility


 Manufacturing


 OEMs and Markets


 Powertrain


 Safety


 Suppliers

 Quick Links
News
Analysis
Research
Data
Magazine
Webinars
Conferences
Megatrends Magazine 
 




Automotive Megatrends Magazine – Q2 2017
June 13, 2017




 





 
Conferences








Ghorpadi, Pune, Maharashtra, India


28nov7:00 am- 6:30 pmHD Truck Pune by Automotive MegatrendsThe Westin Pune Koregaon Park, Ghorpadi, Pune, Maharashtra, India






Time(Tuesday) 7:00 am - 6:30 pm






LocationThe Westin Pune Koregaon Park, Ghorpadi, Pune, Maharashtra, IndiaGhorpadi, Pune, Maharashtra, India







Register Now







Ghorpadi, Pune, Maharashtra, India


29nov7:00 am- 6:30 pmConnected Car Pune by Automotive MegatrendsThe Westin Pune Koregaon Park, Ghorpadi, Pune, Maharashtra, India






Time(Wednesday) 7:00 am - 6:30 pm






LocationThe Westin Pune Koregaon Park, Ghorpadi, Pune, Maharashtra, IndiaGhorpadi, Pune, Maharashtra, India







Register Now







Fairlane Plaza, 300 Town Center Drive, Dearborn, Michigan 48126, USA


13mar7:00 am- 6:30 pmConnected Car Detroit by Automotive MegatrendsThe Henry, Dearborn, Detroit






Time(Tuesday) 7:00 am - 6:30 pm






LocationThe Henry, Dearborn, DetroitFairlane Plaza, 300 Town Center Drive, Dearborn, Michigan 48126, USA







Register Now







Fairlane Plaza, 300 Town Center Drive, Dearborn, Michigan 48126, USA


14mar7:00 am- 6:30 pmAutonomous Car Detroit by Automotive MegatrendsThe Henry, Dearborn, Detroit






Time(Wednesday) 7:00 am - 6:30 pm






LocationThe Henry, Dearborn, DetroitFairlane Plaza, 300 Town Center Drive, Dearborn, Michigan 48126, USA







Register Now







Fairlane Plaza, 300 Town Center Drive, Dearborn, Michigan 48126, USA


15mar7:00 am- 6:30 pmPowertrain Detroit by Automotive MegatrendsThe Henry, Dearborn, Detroit






Time(Thursday) 7:00 am - 6:30 pm






LocationThe Henry, Dearborn, DetroitFairlane Plaza, 300 Town Center Drive, Dearborn, Michigan 48126, USA







Register Now

 


Social
 
 

 







 

Editorial Schedule | Media Pack | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Copyright Information | © automotive world ltd. all rights reserved. 2017			



























News Releases | Automotive World


















































 
News
Analysis
Research
Data
Magazine
Webinars
Conferences
Login
Subscribe
Contact us







 
Automotive World Information and networking for auto industry professionals

 












Home > News Releases 




GM gives app developers industry-first in-vehicle testing

July 21, 2017



 


General Motors has launched GM Dev Client, an industry-first app that gives approved developers who have created in-vehicle applications the ability to test them in a real GM vehicle. In-vehicle app testing is the next step for app developers who have already created a proof of concept using GM’s next-generation ...
Read More »




Brose aims for further growth

July 21, 2017



 


The Brose Group increased its business volume by 150 percent over the past ten years to more than 6.1 billion euros. The family-owned company is continuing its successful course, as Chairman of the Brose Group Michael Stoschek reported at a press talk in Munich: “We see an opportunity to achieve ...
Read More »




Mitsubishi Motors partners the UK’s first multi brand EV show room

July 21, 2017



 


Mitsubishi Motors in the UK has been announced as one of the founding partners of the UK’s first multi-brand EV showroom. Located in a 4,000 sq ft state-of-the-art showroom at Milton Keynes’ centre:mk, the Electric Vehicle Experience Centre (EVEC) will open its doors to the public on Saturday 22 July. ...
Read More »




Geotab, Panasonic Automotive and Sumitomo Electric join Auto-ISAC

July 21, 2017



 


The Automotive Information Sharing and Analysis Center (Auto-ISAC) welcomes Geotab, Panasonic Automotive and Sumitomo Electric as new members. The inclusion of these companies exemplifies the Auto-ISAC’s continued efforts to promote collaboration between Tier 1 suppliers and automobile manufacturers around vehicle cybersecurity. The Auto-ISAC was formed by automakers in August 2015 ...
Read More »




For the future of the diesel engine: Audi starts free retrofit program for up to 850,000 cars

July 21, 2017



 


Audi is offering its customers in Europe and other markets* a retrofit program for cars with EU5 and EU6 diesel engines. A total of up to 850,000 cars worldwide with six-cylinder and eight-cylinder diesel engines (V6/V8 TDI, EU5/EU6) will get new software. This will further improve their emissions in real ...
Read More »




Hybrids and compact cars drive record half-year sales for Kia in Europe

July 21, 2017



 


Kia Motors has recorded its best-ever six-month sales period, with European* half-year sales surpassing 250,000 for the first time in the company’s history, with UK sales representing 20 per cent of sales at 50,000 units. The latest data released today by ACEA (European Automobile Manufacturers’ Association) shows that Kia sold ...
Read More »




Ferrari: 30th Anniversary of the F40

July 21, 2017



 


Thirty years have passed since the official presentation of the F40, which took place on 21 July 1987 at the Civic Centre in Maranello, now home to the Ferrari Museum. Created to celebrate the company’s 40th anniversary, it was the last car to carry the founder’s “signature”. It was a ...
Read More »




Faurecia: Half year results show strong performance in first half of 2017

July 21, 2017



 


STRONG PERFORMANCE IN H1 2017 Solid organic* growth in value-added sales of 8.5%, 550bps above worldwide automotive production growth (+3.0%, source: IHS Automotive June 2017), to €8.6 billion Strong growth of 20% in operating income, to €587 million Significant improvement in operating margin of 60bps, to 6.8% of value-added sales ...
Read More »




Secret behind advanced combustion technologies of Chery

July 21, 2017



 


Of the many leading technologies of Chery, its engine technology has received longstanding praise. In June this year, G3 high-performance engine of Chery rolled off line, whose major technical indicators match those of same-class world-luxury-brand engines, reaching a leading level in China automotive power technology field and revealing its perfect ...
Read More »




Volvo V40 retains Co-op Insurance safest used car title

July 21, 2017



 


The Volvo V40 with optional Driver Support Pack has been named ‘Safe Used Car’ by Co-op Insurance for the second year in a row, as the award is relaunched for 2017. Co-op Insurance created the inaugural Co-op Safe Used Car Award last year in partnership with vehicle safety experts Thatcham ...
Read More »





Page 1 of 3,07412345 
» 
102030...Last » 
 

Login
 



 
 Remember Me



Lost your password?


Newsletter

 Commercial Vehicles


 Electronics


 eMobility


 Manufacturing


 OEMs and Markets


 Powertrain


 Safety


 Suppliers

 Quick Links
News
Analysis
Research
Data
Magazine
Webinars
Conferences
Megatrends Magazine 
 




Automotive Megatrends Magazine – Q2 2017
June 13, 2017




 





 
Conferences








Ghorpadi, Pune, Maharashtra, India


28nov7:00 am- 6:30 pmHD Truck Pune by Automotive MegatrendsThe Westin Pune Koregaon Park, Ghorpadi, Pune, Maharashtra, India






Time(Tuesday) 7:00 am - 6:30 pm






LocationThe Westin Pune Koregaon Park, Ghorpadi, Pune, Maharashtra, IndiaGhorpadi, Pune, Maharashtra, India







Register Now







Ghorpadi, Pune, Maharashtra, India


29nov7:00 am- 6:30 pmConnected Car Pune by Automotive MegatrendsThe Westin Pune Koregaon Park, Ghorpadi, Pune, Maharashtra, India






Time(Wednesday) 7:00 am - 6:30 pm






LocationThe Westin Pune Koregaon Park, Ghorpadi, Pune, Maharashtra, IndiaGhorpadi, Pune, Maharashtra, India







Register Now







Fairlane Plaza, 300 Town Center Drive, Dearborn, Michigan 48126, USA


13mar7:00 am- 6:30 pmConnected Car Detroit by Automotive MegatrendsThe Henry, Dearborn, Detroit






Time(Tuesday) 7:00 am - 6:30 pm






LocationThe Henry, Dearborn, DetroitFairlane Plaza, 300 Town Center Drive, Dearborn, Michigan 48126, USA







Register Now







Fairlane Plaza, 300 Town Center Drive, Dearborn, Michigan 48126, USA


14mar7:00 am- 6:30 pmAutonomous Car Detroit by Automotive MegatrendsThe Henry, Dearborn, Detroit






Time(Wednesday) 7:00 am - 6:30 pm






LocationThe Henry, Dearborn, DetroitFairlane Plaza, 300 Town Center Drive, Dearborn, Michigan 48126, USA







Register Now







Fairlane Plaza, 300 Town Center Drive, Dearborn, Michigan 48126, USA


15mar7:00 am- 6:30 pmPowertrain Detroit by Automotive MegatrendsThe Henry, Dearborn, Detroit






Time(Thursday) 7:00 am - 6:30 pm






LocationThe Henry, Dearborn, DetroitFairlane Plaza, 300 Town Center Drive, Dearborn, Michigan 48126, USA







Register Now

 


Social
 
 

 







 

Editorial Schedule | Media Pack | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Copyright Information | © automotive world ltd. all rights reserved. 2017			
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





















