










 
Former Sony president Phil Molyneux joins Will.i.Am's wearable startup



























































































































Engadget








 
                            Login
                          
 

















































Show More Results
























    Latest in Iam+
  














                Former Sony president Phil Molyneux joins Will.i.Am's wearable startup
              






          02.26.15

View











Image credit: 













save



 


Save




































share



 




Former Sony president Phil Molyneux joins Will.i.Am's wearable startup











Devindra Hardawar, @devindra 
              02.26.15
          







Comments
 


787
Shares











Share












Tweet












Share












Save













































Phil Molyneux, the man who led Sony into the 4K era as its chief operating officer and president, is making a surprising move for his next gig: He's now Will.i.am's right-hand man for i.am+, the musician's wearable technology startup. Molyneux joined the company as its president and COO a few weeks ago, where he's basically tasked with making Will.i.am's dreamy vision of computing come true. The first example of that is the $399 Puls wristband, a bulky 3G-equipped wearable that the company believes can replace your phone. Aside from the star power behind it, there wasn't much about the Puls that seemed compelling when it was announced last fall. But Molyneux's participation has us thinking that Will.i.am's crazy wearable idea might actually have legs.










"Think about it, you'll no longer need to carry around a huge chunk of glass," Molyneux told us in an interview. "A mobile phone is not really mobile in its purist sense." But of course, with the Puls you'll be swapping the glass slab in your pocket for a chunky wristband that's on display all day. Molyneux got to know Will.i.am several years ago, and the two kept in touch when he moved on from Sony. He was particularly intrigued by the musician's take the combination of fashion and technology, something Molyneux calls "fashionology." That's something we're hearing more from other wearable companies (without the silly branding) -- it's not enough just to have a practical wearable, it has to be something with style that people want to wear. Molyneux describes himself as a practical guy with plenty of experience scaling consumer electronics businesses globally. Basically, he's exactly what Will.i.am needed to build his wearable outfit. While he admits that there's still work to be done with the Puls -- the company needs to offer more sizing options and further optimize the device's battery -- Molyneux was proud that Puls managed to pass AT&T's rigorous lab approval process."The magnitude of that achievement really underlines how far the team has come ... it's a tacit acknowledgement of how to build a product of this complexity," he said.I.am+ still has plenty to prove. While the Puls is already shipping to some buyers, its broader release is coming in a year where we're seeing refined wearables like the Apple Watch and Jawbone's Up 3 fitness band. Will.i.am's company may be thinking hard about fashion, but right now the Puls seems more like a sci-fi shackle than something truly stylish. It's also not the only company pursuing a standalone computer for your wrist: We saw something very similar from Neptune a few weeks ago. Molyneux hinted that there will be some intriguing announcements coming from the company soon. In particular, he says they'll address the Puls's battery life concerns (a wristband can't really replace your phone if it doesn't last all day, after all)."We have lots of creative ideas on the table to define where we go next, what do we do next," Molyneux said. "Given my background and knowledge of the consumer electronics industry, I know that focus is the key. We're a small startup we need to put our energy into a couple of core products where we can do a thrilling job for people."[Photo credit: Craig Barritt via Getty Images]


























    25m 


















  25m ago in




    AV
  





                  BBC America streams 'Top Gear' and 'Orphan Black' on Roku
              
 

You'll still need a cable subscription, though. 










By 
R. LeFebvre, 
                 25m ago 




save



 


Save



 






























share



 











    View
  













    37m 


















  37m ago in




    Internet
  





                  After amassing 2 billion users, Facebook isn't slowing down
              
 

Look for the company to invest more in Instagram, Messenger and episodic content.  










By 
N. Lee, 
                 37m ago 




save



 


Save



 






























share



 











    View
  













    46m 


















  46m ago in




    Business
  





                  Apple supplier Foxconn announces plan for Wisconsin display factory
              
 

The facility is part of a $10 billion US investment. 










By 
D. Lumb, 
                 46m ago 




save



 


Save



 






























share



 











    View
  













    1h 


















  1h ago in




    Business
  





                  Walmart cancels early SNES Classic Edition preorders
              
 

The retailer is sorry for the confusion. 










By 
R. LeFebvre, 
                 1h ago 




save



 


Save



 






























share



 











    View
  













    1h 


















  1h ago in




    AV
  





                  'The Sims 4' will get weird on consoles November 17th
              
 

It's a direct transfer of the Mac and PC version, not a watered down port. 










By 
T. Seppala, 
                 1h ago 




save



 


Save



 






























share



 











    View
  








    From around the web  
























ear iconeye icontext file 































Phil Molyneux - President, Americas at Dyson Group Plc



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Phil Molyneux
President, Americas at Dyson Group Plc



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Public Holdings 


Phil Molyneux
President, Americas at Dyson Group Plc



 Overview



Age



54
                                  (Born 1963)
                                              




Notable Companies


i.am.plus Electronics, Inc.

Sony Electronics, Inc.

Sony Corp.




Board Seats



8





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 970 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Chicago Tribune
April 29, 2016





                        Dyson unveils $400 hair dryer that you can actually talk over : Supersonic model set for U.S. release this September                    





Business Wire
April 9, 2015





                        Control4 Expands Board of Directors: Appoints Mark Jensen and Phil Molyneux to Bring Additional Product, Brand, Financial and Operational Expertise to the Board                    





PR Newswire
February 26, 2015





                        i.am+(TM) Appoints Technology Industry Heavyweight Phil Molyneux as President and Chief Operating Officer: Former Sony Electronics President and Chief Operating Officer Joins Wearables Innovator to Drive Growth and Global Operations                    





Marketwired
April 10, 2014





                        C-Suite Network Conference Announces Additional Panel Speakers                    





PR Newswire
December 16, 2013





                        Molyneux To Become Non-Executive Chairman Of Sony Electronics                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




David Llewellyn Inns

President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at GreatCall, Inc.




W. Eric Smith

Co-Founder at Control4 Corp.





Stephen R. Willey

President & Chief Executive Officer at Innovega, Inc.




Stan Glasgow

Senior Advisor, Entrepreneurship & Innovation at Sony Corporation of America





Martin Plaehn

Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer at Control4 Corp.




Satjiv S. Chahil

Global Marketing & Innovations Advisor at Starkey Laboratories, Inc.





Marty Cooper

Co-Founder at Cellular Business Systems, Inc.




Kenneth Lowe

Co-Founder at Vizio Holdings, Inc.





Robert  Gazzale

President & Chief Executive Officer at American Film Institute




Julian Edward Peregrine Cooper

Executive Chairman at Dyson Group Plc







See 960 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 960 More 


 


 Paths to Phil Molyneux



            Phil Molyneux          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Phil Molyneux






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Phil Molyneux.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Newbury College

                  Newbury College engages students in a career-focused education, grounded in the liberal arts, within a diverse and dynamic learning community.  The College mentors students to become professionally competent, ethically aware, socially responsible, and prepared for lifelong learning.  Committed to personalized and experience-based teaching, Newbury College inspires students to become independent thinkers, valuable collaborators, and global-minded citizens.                





 Career History



President, Americas

                                    Current                


Dyson Group Plc


                  Dyson Group Plc engages in the research, development, manufacture and sale of technical ceramics products, used primarily in the steel and glass industries as well as in a variety of other industries. The company was founded in 1810 and is headquartered in Sheffield, the United Kingdom.                




President & Chief Operating Officer

                                    2015 - Prior                


i.am.plus Electronics, Inc.


                  i.am.plus Electronics, Inc. develops operating system and mobile platform. It offers wireless bluetooth earphones. The company was founded by William Adams on August 12, 2014 and is headquartered in Los Angeles, CA.                




President & Chief Operating Officer

                                    2010 - 2015                


Sony Electronics, Inc.


                  Sony Electronics, Inc. manufactures consumer electronics products. Its products include televisions and home theater, projector, blu-ray and DVD players, head phones, audio systems, digital voice recorders, cameras, mobile tablets and smart devices. The company was founded in 1950 and is headquartered in Park Ridge, NJ.                




President & Chief Operating Officer

                                    Prior                


Sony Corp.


                  The Sony Group is primarily focused on the Electronics (such as AV/IT products & components), Game (such as PlayStation), Entertainment (such as motion pictures and music), and Financial Services (such as insurance and banking) sectors. Not only do we represent a wide range of businesses, but we remain globally unique. Our aim is to fully leverage this uniqueness in aggressively carrying out our convergence strategy so that we can continue to emotionally touch and excite our customers.                




President-America Area

                                    Prior                


The Dyson Corp.


                  The Dyson Corp. manufactures nuts, bolts, fasteners and forging equipment. The firm’s products include bolts and screws, nuts and washers, rods/studs/pins, construction accessories, specialty fasteners and forklift arms. The company was founded by Joseph Dyson in 1884 and is headquartered in Painesville, OH.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    2015 - Current                  


Control4 Corp.

                    Control4 Corp. engages in the provision of automation and control solutions for the connected home. The company provides consumers with the ability to integrate music, video, lighting, temperature, security, communications and, other functionalities into a unified home automation solution. Its software services delivers through controller products, cloud services, and user-interface products; as well as sells third-party connected devices through independent dealer channels and online store available on dealer website. The company was founded by W. Eric Smith, William B. West and Mark J. Morgan on March 27, 2003 and is headquartered in Salt Lake City, UT.                  




Director

                    Current                  


GreatCall, Inc.

                    GreatCall, Inc. provides active aging and independent living solutions. It offers active aging products such as GreatCall Splash, Jitterbug5, and Touch3. The firm also offers health, safety and medical application such as Urgent Care, GreatCall Link, MedCoach, and 5Star. The company was founded by Martin Cooper and Arlene Harris in 2006 and is headquartered in San Diego, CA.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Innovega, Inc.

                    Innovega, Inc. develops a display technology based on eyewear and contact lenses that enhances human vision. It provides components, technology, and reference designs to develop personal media eyewear. The company was founded by Jerome Legerton, Randall Sprague and Stephen R. Willey in 2008 and is headquartered in Bellevue, WA.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Glentham Capital Ltd.






Non-Executive Chairman

                    2010 - 2015                  


Sony Electronics, Inc.

                    Sony Electronics, Inc. manufactures consumer electronics products. Its products include televisions and home theater, projector, blu-ray and DVD players, head phones, audio systems, digital voice recorders, cameras, mobile tablets and smart devices. The company was founded in 1950 and is headquartered in Park Ridge, NJ.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Member, Leadership Council

                    Current                  


Cinequest






Trustee

                    Prior - 2015                  


American Film Institute

                    AFI is America's promise to preserve the history of the motion picture, to honor the artists and their work and to educate the next generation of storytellers. AFI provides leadership in film, television and digital media and is dedicated to initiatives that engage the past, the present and the future of the moving image arts. Become an AFI Member today and play your part in American film!

As a non-profit educational and cultural organization, AFI relies on the generous financial support from moving arts enthusiasts like you to provide funding for its programs and initiatives.

AFI preserves the legacy of America's film heritage for future generations through the AFI Archive, comprised of rare footage from across the history of the moving image and the AFI Catalog of Feature Films, an authoritative record of American films from 1893 to the present.

AFI honors the artists and their work through a variety of annual programs and special events, including the AFI Life Achievement Award and AFI Awards. Celebrating its 41st year in 2013, the AFI Life Achievement Award has remained the highest honor for a career in film while AFI Awards, the Institute's almanac for the 21st century, honors the most outstanding motion pictures and television programs of the year. AFI's 100 Years...100 Movies television events and movie reference lists have introduced and reintroduced classic American movies to millions of film lovers. And as the largest nonprofit exhibitor in the United States, AFI offers film enthusiasts a variety of events throughout the year, including AFI Fest presented by Audi, the Institute's annual year-end celebration of artistic excellence in cinema; AFI Silverdocs, the largest documentary festival in the U.S.; and year-round programming at the AFI Silver Theatre in the Washington, DC, area.

AFI educates the next generation of storytellers at its AFI Conservatory, which has been consistently recognized as one of the world's top film schools, boasting alumni including Darren Aronofsky, Patty Jenkins, Janusz Kaminski, Heidi Levitt, Matthew Libatique, David Lynch, Terrence Malick, Wally Pfister, Robert Richardson, Ed Zwick and so many more. AFI Conservatory offers a two-year Master of Fine Arts degree in six filmmaking disciplines: Cinematography, Directing, Editing, Producing, Production Design and Screenwriting. Aspiring artists learn from the masters in a collaborative, hands-on production environment with an emphasis on storytelling.

AFI is guided by a prestigious Board of Trustees, chaired by Sir Howard Stringer, and a Board of Directors, chaired by Bob Daly, and is comprised of key figures from the entertainment, business and academic communities. It is led by President and CEO Bob Gazzale                  




Director

                    Prior                  


The Consumer Technology Association

                    The Consumer Technology Association researches and reports trends in the consumer electronics market. The firm also provides its members with educational programs, technical training, market research and networking opportunities. The company was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Arlington, VA.                  





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Phil Molyneux is affiliated with
                            Dyson Group Plc, i.am.plus Electronics, Inc., Sony Electronics, Inc., Sony Corp., The Dyson Corp., Control4 Corp., GreatCall, Inc., Innovega, Inc., Glentham Capital Ltd., Sony Electronics, Inc., Cinequest, American Film Institute, The Consumer Technology Association.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤


















Phil Molyneux steps down as president of Sony Electronics, takes advisory role - The Verge





































































clock
menu
more-arrow






























Log In or Sign Up



Log In


Sign Up























            Tech
            
              




Apple


Google


Microsoft




Apps


Photography


Virtual Reality




Business


Design



All Tech





            Science
            
              



Space


Energy


Health


Environment


All Science





            Culture
            
              




Web


TV


Film




Games


Comics


Music



All Culture





            Cars
            
              




Ride-Sharing


Cars


Mass Transit




Aviation


Rideables



All Transportation





            Reviews
            
              




Phones


Laptops


Cameras




Tablets


Headphones


Smartwatches




VR Headsets


This is my Next



More from Verge Guidebook





            Longform
            
          



            Video
            
          



            Circuit Breaker
            
          



            Forums
            
          



            TL;DR
            
          

✕















Tech





Phil Molyneux steps down as president of Sony Electronics, takes advisory role




    New,
  


      18
    
comments





  
    by

    
Adi Robertson@thedextriarchy


        Dec 16, 2013,  4:23pm EST
      








          
            share
          
        






          
            tweet
          
        






          
            Linkedin
          
        
















Phil Molyneux



Sony Electronics president and COO Phil Molyneux is ceding his role to executive vice president Michael Fasulo. Molyneux has worked for Sony for 23 years and was appointed to his current role in 2010: in a statement, Sony Corporation CEO Kaz Hirai thanked him for "his dedicated service and passionate commitment to the employees he led for the past three-plus years." Molyneux will now be stepping into a more advisory role as non-executive chairman. As Fasulo becomes president, the vice presidency will go to general manager of marketing Toshifumi Okuda. The change is expected to come on January 1st.
Fasulo is another longtime Sony employee, having joined three years before Molyneux in 1984; unlike Molyneux, who studied mechanical engineering before joining Sony, Fasulo began as a financial analyst. It's no real surprise that he's stepping into Molyneux's shoes in overseeing Sony Electronics, which handles sales and marketing for the company's televisions, cameras, and computers. Molyneux headed the division as Hirai attempted to turn the larger corporation's finances around and was tasked with streamlining the electronics product lines; while the company's finances have improved since then, however, the electronics division continues to suffer from tepid demand.









Next Up In
Tech



Apple supplier Foxconn unveils plan to build a $10 billion LCD factory in Wisconsin


Microsoft will now pay up to $250,000 for Windows 10 security bugs


WeTransfer offers $10,000 to every laid-off SoundCloud employee so they can ‘develop great things’


Meizu announces its new dual-screen Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus smartphones


Walmart confirms it’s canceling every single SNES Classic preorder


Airbnb teams up with the NAACP to fight racism on its platform



















      
        
          Now Trending
        
      
    










Walmart confirms it’s canceling every single SNES Classic preorder

The horror









An eight-year-old reviews the Nintendo Switch

Finally, a video game console I can play in my room














Command Line

Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future.



email address...


Subscribe


    By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
    
  






  This Article has a component height of 3. The sidebar size is short.












Loading comments...




The Latest










Apple supplier Foxconn unveils plan to build a $10 billion LCD factory in Wisconsin

  
    by

    
Nick Statt




10
comments

      / 
new


















Microsoft will now pay up to $250,000 for Windows 10 security bugs

  
    by

    
Tom Warren















WeTransfer offers $10,000 to every laid-off SoundCloud employee so they can ‘develop great things’

  
    by

    
Dani Deahl




5
comments

      / 
new


















With 2 billion users and counting, Facebook’s profit and revenue soar

  
    by

    
Ben Popper















Don't blindly trust companies selling solar eclipse glasses on Amazon

  
    by

    
Loren Grush




1
comment

      / 
new


















Meizu announces its new dual-screen Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus smartphones

  
    by

    
Chaim Gartenberg




9
comments

      / 
new





























          
            tweet
          
        






          
            share
          
        
















Phil Molyneux: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 6:27 PM ET
Household Durables

Company Overview of Sony Corporation of America



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Phil   Molyneux  MD of Sony Central & South East Europe and President & COO of Sony Electronics Inc, Sony Corporation of AmericaAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships54--
Background

		Mr. Phil Molyneux serves as Regional President of Dyson. Mr. Molyneux serves as the President and Chief Operating Officer of i.am.plus Inc. Prior to Mr. Molyneux's appointment at i.am.plus, Mr. Molyneux held executive and leadership positions at Sony for more than 25 years, including Managing Director & Vice President of Sony Europe; Vice President of Computer Peripherals & Components, Sony Europe, as well as several multi-year roles in product and sales management. ... Mr. Molyneux served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Sony Electronics, Inc. at Sony Corporation of America from September 1, 2010 to January 01, 2014. Mr. Molyneux served as Managing Director of Sony Central and South East Europe at Sony Corporation of America and Sony Electronics, Inc. since 2007. He oversaw the electronics business of Sony Corporation in the United States, working closely with both the Consumer, Professional and Devices and the Networked Products and Services Groups of Sony Corp. Mr. Molyneux has overseen all business management and development for both consumer and professional products across the 20 countries that make up that region. He has effectively and expertly managed an extraordinarily diverse electronics business for Sony in a key region of Europe. He has faced enormous challenges and through a steadfast focus on the consumer as well as innovative and inspirational leadership, has achieved growth in both profits and market share. Mr. Molyneux has spent more than two decades at Sony. From 1997 to 2007, he was expanded to include manufacturing, systems and related software, core technology and retail peripheral products. He led Sony's entry into the computer peripheral retail market and played a pivotal role in Sony's expansion into component supply for the mobile phone market. He served as Chairman of the Board of Sony Electronics, Inc. since January 1, 2014. Mr. Molyneux joined Sony in 1987 as a sales engineer to develop untapped business for the Semiconductor and Component unit in the U.K. Over the next 10 years, in both sales and marketing positions, he expanded that business across Europe and led Sony to the No. 1 market share position in several related areas, including magnetic and optical drive technology. Before Sony, he was a customer support engineer for Hewlett Packard for two years. He has been an Independent Director of Control4 Corporation since April 09, 2015. Mr. Molyneux serves as a Director for Innovega Inc., GreatCall Inc., and Glentham Capital Limited. He served as a Member of Executive Board at Consumer Electronics Association since October 2011. Mr. Molyneux was awarded an apprenticeship in electromechanical engineering with the U.K. Ministry of Defense and completed his studies in 1982. Mr. Molyneux graduated from Newbury Technical College and from the Polytechnic of Central London. Mr. Molyneux is educated as an electromechanical engineer.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
550 Madison AvenueNew York, New York 10022-3211United StatesPhone: 212-833-6800Fax: 212-833-6956
Board Members Memberships
DirectorInnovega Inc.2015-PresentIndependent DirectorControl4 Corporation
Education
Unknown/Other Education University of Westminster
Other Affiliations
Sony Electronics Inc.University of WestminsterConsumer Electronics AssociationControl4 CorporationInnovega Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Sony Corporation of America, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 




Why Philip Molyneux Never Left Sony - The New York Times






































































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





Job Market|Why Philip Molyneux Never Left Sony







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/18c4o1m








Advertisement








Supported by



Job Market

Why Philip Molyneux Never Left Sony



The Boss 
By                     
PHILIP MOLYNEUX

SEPT. 21, 2013




Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story









I WAS born in Luton, England, one of four children. We moved around the country, then settled near Wolverhampton, where my father worked as a mechanical engineer for Norton Villiers Triumph, procuring parts for motorcycles.That’s when my lifelong love of building and racing motorcycles began. I loved competitive racing, where speed and risk went hand in hand. I bought my first motorbike at 16, and soon progressed into the club racing scene around England. I moved up to more powerful bikes and broke my fair share of bones. Although I loved racing, I knew it was never going to be my career. The visits to the hospital were becoming too frequent.I left high school and became a mechanical engineering apprentice at a British Defense Ministry research facility. I completed the apprenticeship in 1983 with a keen view that engineering was not what I wanted to do in life.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

I was accepted for a program sponsored by Hewlett-Packard at the Polytechnic of Central London, now known as the University of Westminster. I graduated in two years qualified in computer technology and marketing. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





At Hewlett-Packard I provided technical support to military installations around the city of Southampton. I drove up and down the coast troubleshooting computers and networks — a great experience for a 22-year-old.
Photo






PHILIP C. MOLYNEUX is president and chief operating officer of Sony Electronics, Inc., San Diego. 

Credit
            Sony Electronics        


In 1987, I was ready for a new challenge. I saw an ad for a position with the computer and components division of Sony Electronics outside London, in Staines. Building this new business from scratch was an exciting start-up opportunity. With just a handful of employees, we did everything from sales to imports. Our first product was Sony’s compact disc drive, which was then the size of a shoe box and came with no content applications or driver software.Over the next decade and after several new product developments, we expanded Sony’s component business to include many other computer peripherals, semiconductors, and eventually component solutions for mobile telephones. The business expanded across Europe, giving me the opportunity to work in many different countries. Travel became my middle name.My wife, Debbie, and I moved with our two sons, who were then toddlers, to Budapest, as I took up the reins as managing director of Sony Central and Southeast Europe. My eldest son, Max, came to visit regularly from London. Our time in Hungary was both exciting and challenging. Being responsible for 21 countries across Eastern Europe was a fascinating experience, and my adaptability came in handy as I tackled the uniqueness of each culture.In 2010, the Sony Corporation’s then chief executive, Sir Howard Stringer — a great mentor — asked me if I wanted to move to San Diego to lead the company’s United States electronics business. That sounded pretty good after the long winters in Hungary, and it was also a great opportunity. I was able to apply the brand-building experience I gained in Europe to a much bigger market.I am often asked why I never left Sony after 27 years. It’s primarily because I was always afforded the freedom to innovate, create and build — never having to look far for my next challenge.As head of Sony’s largest region, I direct the marketing, sales and development of electronics products from cameras, personal computers and televisions to professional broadcast cameras and security and medical solutions.I no longer crave the speed of the racecourse, although I still regularly ride my Triumph Speed Triple. Aside from my family, my focus now is on bringing the next cool gadget to American consumers.
Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.




















The Boss
A collection of “The Boss” columns published in The New York Times.









                                You’d Better Have a Plan            








                                Having Fun at AccuWeather, Rain or Shine            








                                Back to the Ballet            








                                Banana Republic’s President, From Choir to C-Suite            








                                A Résumé That Stood Out            












What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times

















































Molyneux Joins I.am+ As President/COO | Twice





































Skip to main content





 



Multichannel News
NYC Television Week
AV-IQ
TV Technology
TVB Europe
B&C
MoreAV/PRO AUDIO
AudioMedia.com
AudioProInternational.com
AVNetwork.com
Installation-International.com
MixOnline.com
ProSoundNetwork.com
PSNEurope.com
ResidentialSystems.com
BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO
Broadcast.it
CreativePlanetNetwork.com
GovernmentVideo.com
Licensing.biz
RadioMagOnline.com
RadioWorld.com
TV Tech Global
CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING
BikeBiz.com
Develop-Online.net
eSports Pro
MCVuk.com
Mobile-ent.biz
PCR-Online.biz
ToyNews-Online.biz
EDUCATION
Eduwire.com
SchoolCIO.com
TechLearning.com
MUSIC
BassPlayer.com
Emusician.com
GuitarAficionado.com
GuitarPlayer.com
GuitarWorld.com
KeyboardMag.com
MI-Pro.co.uk
MusicWeek.com












 










 







 







 

































		twice connect
	












		careers
	









 









 
 

 






















Search 




 












Products

Back To Main
All Products

Accessories

Back To PRODUCTS
All Accessories
Audio/Video
Car
Cases & Bags
Cellphones & Tablets
Digital Health
Gaming
Mounts & Furniture
Power
Toys



Audio

Back To PRODUCTS
All Audio
Components
Docking Station
Receivers
Speakers



Car

Back To PRODUCTS
All Car
Audio/Video
Navigation
Radar
Remote Start/Security
VOD



Imaging

Back To PRODUCTS
All Imaging
Camcorders
Digital Cameras



Major Appliances

Back To PRODUCTS
All Major Appliances
Kitchen
Laundry
Room Air
TWICE@Home



Smartphones/Tablets

Back To PRODUCTS
All Smartphones/Tablets
Laptops
Smartphones
Tablets
Home Automation



Video

Back To PRODUCTS
All Video
Blu-Ray/DVD
Home Satellite
IP Set-Top Boxes
Projectors
TV


Wearables

Back To PRODUCTS
All Wearables
Smart Watches
Fitness
Health




Industry

Back To Main
All Industry
CEA
Financial
Industry Shows
International CES
People
Trade Groups



Research

Back To Main
All Research
Statistics
Top 100/TWICE Research



Retail

Back To Main
All Retail
Retailers
Distributors
Buying Groups
Warranties



Subscribe

Back To Main
All Subscibe
Subscribe
Newsletters
Digital Edition
Customer Service
Current Issue
Archive



















Search 




 























Mar
02
2015




News
Molyneux Joins I.am+ As President/COO
3/02/2015 08:15:00 AM Eastern
 

By: Lisa  Johnston Follow @LisaM_Johnston  



















LOS ANGELES — I.am+, the wearables manufacturer helmed by musician Will.i.am, brought on former Sony exec Phil Molyneux as president and COO.
Molyneux officially stepped into the role about a month ago, he told TWICE during a phone interview last week to discus what how he started his new venture and what’s planned going forward.
TWICE: So what have you been up to since Sony?
Molyneux: I took on some consulting roles with various companies, and I enjoyed that. There was a very diverse collection of companies I was working with, board roles, etc. I suddenly became extremely busy from that venture. But then, of course, this great opportunity came up. This really, really pulled me in and got me very excited, so this was one I really had to commit to.
TWICE: How did you and Will.i.am get acquainted? What’s the story behind that?
Molyneux: I met Will in 2012 at the Clinton Global Initiative in New York. Will and I were introduced by our mutual friend, and we started to talk about all things technology and trends and where we saw the market going, and what we thought were the key players. I quickly inferred that Will had this very significant understanding of the consumer electronics and the tech world, amongst all the other great things that he’s highly capable of doing. We kept in contact, and Will started to share with me his thoughts on what he wanted to build, and where he was going with his technology venture.
Fast-forward a bit more, and I was lucky enough to be able to have an early Puls, and I was blown away with what he had managed to bring to life as a startup and as a small company. The Puls being the first telephone, in reality, that is on your wrist in a smart band was highly, highly significant to me. Not only is it a smart band that’s very elegantly and beautifully designed, fusing technology together with fashion — we call that fashionology around here, and that’s a beautiful term for what needs to happen to wearables, and Will had cracked it — but, more than that, they’ve taken open-source Android and built out the unique operating system. They put in a virtual assistant that’s bordering on artificial intelligence. They built a whole back end of plumbing to deliver content and rich experiences to the Puls for consumers.
So when I looked at all of those things together, frankly, I was hooked. And it came to the point where Will said, “I need somewhere there who has the capability of building the team out, building the strategy out to the next level, someone who has the capability to scale for not only the U.S. and the U.K. basis, but on a global basis as we go forward.” So, fast-forward just a few weeks later, and here I was. I’m just into my fourth week this week, and I’m enjoying every second of it.
TWICE: Do you have an update on the Puls?
Molyneux: We had a controlled launch of the Puls, and the controlled launch was to selected individuals, who we called fashionologists, who really wanted to try it. The controlled launch was built around something called the “Make It Great” campaign. It was a very smart initiative. This was way of getting the first product down into people’s hands, or, more importantly, on people’s wrists, so they could give us rich feedback on what they enjoyed for the device, what experiences it delivered, what areas would need to be improved, and what we need to add to the product. They purchased it full price from an online platform, and we’ve had immensely rich feedback that we’ve been able to filter through, and will apply to future iterations of where we go as we build out new products and experiences.
I see that as really strategically important because the big guys out there can’t have this level of connection with their customer base. They just can’t do it, and I know that. I sit from a position of authority, both to be able to talk to individuals who have experienced and use this and love this device. The freedom that it gives people is quite something.
TWICE: How do you think your experience at Sony will play out in your new position?
Molyneux: I’ve run very, very large operations at Sony. I’ve run smaller operations over time going back in history at Sony. But I’ve always somewhere in the larger operations had what I called a skunkworks, where I could concentrate on innovation with a small group of people who are able to free-think in order to come up with new innovations that we’ve taken to market. More recently one, I led the Sony 4K Ultra High Definition ecosystem development, and that was really about how do we create a download service with 4K content through a media server for our 4K TVs … and I worked on that with less than 50 people, engineers, marketers, people from Sony Pictures, etc., in order to bring that live in a very short window of time, all done primarily in the U.S. So I have the experience of guiding small teams to success from product creation, ideas, right the way through go-to-market. I can apply those principles and learnings and experience to I.am+ and the work we’ve got on the table here. If you couple that together with my global experience and global manufacturing through to mass market and through to global distribution, that’s going to come into play somewhere down the line, in the not-too-distant future.
TWICE: How large is I.am+?
Molyneux: Today we have 85 people. The headquarters are in L.A., which is where I am. We have a team of hardware engineers in Singapore. We have the core head of software development, operating systems, platforms and applications in L.A. We have an extension of resources in Bangalore in India. ... I just brought in a CFO [Ro Peschken] just last week, which I think is a very important step in order to bring another level of control. What start-ups always need is more control, as well as a highly credible supply-chain specialist, because we’re in an industry with great partners like AT&T and Telefonica in the U.K., these large companies, that when we go to market, we’re talking about potential millions of units that we’ve got to put into the supply chain. The supply chain becomes one of the core components that we need to put our hands around early so we can feed demand effective and tidily. So we’re adding new resources as we speak, but with a measured focus perspective on what we can do at this stage.
TWICE: Smart watches and wearables are getting to be a pretty crowded market. Does the company plan to diversify beyond this category? How do they plan to stand out from the competition?
If you look at the Puls itself, it’s truly merging tech and fashion, a very unique, compelling design that fits on the wrist. No. 2, it has its own operating system, something we heard back from the “Make It Great” campaign, Anita, the virtual assistant, is really appreciated by customers, and really better than anything else on the market. Our device is a stand-alone telecommunication device. My experience is this really quite liberating because you put the Puls on your wrist. Just this morning, I left my phone at home and thought to myself, “Should I turn around and pick my phone up?” And I thought, “Well, I don’t need to because everyone can call me or I can call them from my Puls.” And I text, and I can read email, and if I have time to post to social media today, I can do that as well. … Of course, this is aimed at the user who wants to be free, who doesn’t want to go to a nightclub or go out for the weekend with a large piece of glass in their pocket or purse. Just to have it on the wrist, and have your hands free to do whatever you want with, that’s true mobility.
TWICE: Can you give a hint if future products will be in wearables space or something completely different?
Molyneux: Committed direction is wearables space, but, very importantly, from a different perspective. Just remember fashionology. Anything you wear, whether it’s technology or clothes, should have fashion embedded into DNA. TWICE: What’s your perspective on the overall wearables marketplace? Is everyone on hold to see how the Apple Watch shakes out? Molyneux: It is a crowded market. I think there will be some shakeout. There will be a need for some differentiation. ... I think Apple coming into their fray with their smart watch, I think will help all boats rise as they come in. But it tethers, at the end of the day, to the iPhone. It’s not stand-alone. It hasn’t got a radio in it. You can’t make calls without your mobile phone being tethered to it. But I think that will be a positive. They will widen the market appeal. We know our demographic. We know where we’re shooting for initially. So we’re clear on our targets. So I welcome Apple. It will stimulate the whole market.
TWICE: Can you provide any insight on the company’s retail and distribution strategies going forward?
Molyneux: We’re fortunate enough to already have great partnerships with AT&T in the U.S. The Puls itself went through validation and certification process through AT&T, and that is really significant. AT&T has a very rigorous and robust approval process. We now have our product approved, that’s why we can launch this controlled launch with the support of AT&T. And, more importantly, we now have tactic knowledge with how to work with AT&T in the future.
We have Telefonica in the U.K., and that’s certainly something to build on in the future. And part of my role is looking at the global rollout and where do we go next, and why do we go next. I’m in the midst of building that strategy as part of our overall strategy. It’s a big world out there, and we’re fortunate to have fantastic initial investors that are very well connected and very credible businesspeople, and strategic in the point they can help connect us up wherever we need connected up in order to roll into other countries.
 




 

 
      Want to read more stories like this?
      Get our Free Newsletter Here!




TAGS:
 


Share This Post








 

 






PR Wire: 




PHABRIX at IBC2017
Bluebell Opticom at IBC2017
Sleek New Yale Smart Lock Is Slimmest Available
LifeProof Announces Official Sponsorship of Vans U.S. Open of Surfing
Antenna Tech Pioneer's Style And Innovation Provide Cord Cutting Options
RTI's Integration Designer APEX Programming Software is Now Available
Middle Atlantic Recognizes Sales Leadership at InfoComm 2017
Severtson Screens Showcases New SAT-4K Acoustically-Transparent Projection Screens at 2017 CEDIA Expo; Now Shipping
Calrec Products at IBC2017
Monroe Electronics' Edward Czarnecki Appointed to FEMA National Advisory Council IPAWS Subcommittee




 



View the discussion thread. 















 













Newsletter Signup

Free E-Newsletters
Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters






  











Talkback
Trending





View All →




Sears To Sell Kenmore Major Appliances On Amazon 


Escort Cuts The Cord With New Radar Detector 


Walmart Rolling Out More Giant Order-Fulfillment Vending Machines 


Bluetooth Mesh Makes Its Official Debut


The Top 10 Most Successful Headphones Brands Online

















 













Subscribe Now



 
















 









 


















PHOTOS






New Age Electronics' Retail Dealer Summit 





From TWICE's 2017 Top 25 Consumer Electronics E-tailers Report: The Top 10





Hottest Gaming Products From E3 2017





CES Turns 50





From TWICE's 2017 Top 100 Consumer Electronics Retailers Report: The Top 15





5 Car Audio Products Audiophiles Want





Back In Time: Innovation & Design at Sony Square NYC





TWICE On The Scene: Nationwide Marketing Group's Primetime
New Orleans was the location for this spring's



See All →
 







 
 


















 








 
 
















Liberatore Upped at Outdoor Sportsman Group'Descendants 2' Draws 21 Million Viewers In Live + 3 DataLGBT Tech Vows to Fight Trump Transgender BanFoundation Launched To Promote Content DiversityBBC America Reaches the Roku 



Bipartisan Bill Introduced to Boost TV Station Repack FundFoundation Launched to Promote Content DiversityLGBT Tech Vows to Fight Trump Transgender BanWRC Airing Jim Vance Tribute Friday Fox Stations Launching Programmatic Ad Sales  



'Detroit' and the Ghosts of HistoryThe Innovative Underwater Production of 'Chasing Coral'Prime-Time Presidency: Producing 'The Reagan Show'Automatic for the People: Editing and Your FutureDarkness Falls: The Origins of 'Ozark' 



EAS Test Reporting System Now OpenTiVo Highlights Voice Search for Personalized Content Discovery PlatformNetwork Management for IP and StorageLawo Deployed in New Zhejiang International TV CenterDPP Offers Guidance on Close to Transmission Delivery in U.K. 









 

















 








 

 











Will.i.am Taps Sony Electronics Veteran Phil Molyneux for Technology Company | Hollywood Reporter
















































The Hollywood Reporter




































Will.i.am Taps Sony Electronics Veteran Phil Molyneux for Technology Company


6:30 AM PST 2/26/2015

by


Natalie Jarvey
 




FACEBOOK




TWITTER




EMAIL ME




PRINT




COMMENTS








AP Images
Phil Molyneux








The former chief operating officer of Sony Electronics has joined I.Am+ as president and COO.

The Black Eyed Peas' Will.i.am has tapped an experienced electronics executive to help him run wearable technology company I.Am+. 
Phil Molyneux, a veteran of Sony Electronics, has joined I.Am+ as president and chief operating officer. In his new role, Molyneux will oversee the company's operations and revenue growth, while also bringing his consumer electronics experience to the brand. 
Molyneux spent much of his career at Sony, rising up the ranks to become president and chief operating officer of Sony Electronics in 2010. He stepped down from the position in early 2014 and was non-executive chairman for the next eight months.
"I am delighted to have Phil on board at I.Am+ and have the highest confidence that his deep background in the international consumer electronics marketplace will help accelerate growth and streamline manufacturing," said Will.i.am, who is CEO of I.Am+. "This is a crucial next step as we build out our leadership team that will propel I.Am+ to the next level."
Will.i.am founded I.Am+ in 2012 and subsequently launched a camera accessory for iPhones. In October last year the 85-person company introduced wearable smartphone Puls. Early reviews of a developer model of the Puls, which is currently available by invitation-only for $399, were lackluster, though the company said tests occurred on what was not a final product. 
In an interview with The Hollywood Reporter, Molyneux says he tested the Puls early and found it "liberating" because it allows a person to have the features of a phone in a hands-free environment. 
Molyneux adds that he hopes to bring his knowledge of running a large electronics company to the startup. "I love the energy of being small and innovative and fresh and edgy," he says. "With Will's drive, creative energy and thought processes mixing with my practical business management knowledge and focus on planning an execution, it’s a great combination." 








FACEBOOK




TWITTER




EMAIL ME




PRINT




COMMENTS







Natalie Jarvey
[email protected] 
NatJarv







Comments




comments powered by Disqus






































Control4 Appoints Former Sony President Phil Molyneux to Board - CE Pro


































 
 
 
 
 

 




























 
 



Log in · 
			Become a Member

Get Newsletters or Subscribe


Log in · Become a Member · Get Newsletters or Subscribe













 






CE Pro Europe
            

























		News
		







Control4 Appoints Former Sony President Phil Molyneux to Board
Phil Molyneux, former president of Sony Electronics, joins the board of home automation manufacturer Control4 (Nasdaq: CTRL), along with former Deloitte & Touche partner Mark Jensen.



Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
LinkedIn







Former Sony president Phil Molyneux joins Control4 board. (Photo: Zimbio)




Julie Jacobson


 · April 10, 2015

Control4 (Nasdaq: CTRL), a leading provider of professionally installed home automation systems for mainstream markets, has filled two empty seats on its board of directors with former Sony Electronics president Phil Molyneux and former Deloitte & Touche partner Mark Jensen.
The spots opened up in February after two of Control4’s early-stage investors announced their resignations from the board.
Currently Molyneux is president and COO of at i.am.puls Inc., a wearable-technology business founded by rapper will.i.am. But before hitting the rap and wearables scene, Molyneux ushered Sony into the era of 4K as president and later chairman of Sony Electronics Inc.
Sony and Control4 have a long history of collaboration, both philosophically and technologically. 
Sony announced last year that it would embed Control4’s Simple Device Discover Protocol (SDDP) into all of its premium TV sets going forward. The implementation allows Sony TVs to be discovered automatically by Control4 when plugged into the home network, allowing for easy integration into a complete home automation system.
In the past, Sony has embedded other electronics with SDDP and even went so far as to build a home theater receiver, the STR-DA5800ES, with a complete Control4 engine built in, although that initiative was later abandoned.
Also joining the Control4 board is Mark Jensen, previously a Partner at Deloitte & Touche, LLP.
The complete press release is below, minus the forward-looking statements:
Control4 Expands Board of Directors 
 Appoints Mark Jensen and Phil Molyneux to Bring Additional Product, Brand, Financial and Operational Expertise to the Board 
SALT LAKE CITY, Apr 09, 2015 (BUSINESS WIRE)—Control4 Corporation CTRL, +1.50% today announced that Mark Jensen and Phil Molyneux have joined its Board of Directors. Mr. Jensen will also serve on the Board’s Audit Committee, and Mr. Molyneux on its Compensation Committee.
Mr. Jensen, previously a Partner at Deloitte & Touche, LLP, currently serves on the Board of Directors for Lattice Semiconductor LSCC, +1.89% Unwired Planet Inc. UPIP, -3.33% and a private firm. Mr. Jensen also serves on the Board of Directors of the National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) – Colorado Chapter, and on the Corporate Disclosure Policy Council of the CFA Institute.
Mr. Molyneux, formerly a long-time executive with Sony, most recently as Chairman of Sony Electronics Inc., currently serves as President and Chief Operating Officer at i.am.plus Inc., based in Los Angeles, California and founded by innovator and musician will.i.am to create products that combine fashion and technology in the evolving wearables segment.
“Mark and Phil bring complementary sets of experience and perspective to our Board and the company,” said Martin Plaehn, chairman and chief executive officer of Control4. “Phil’s expertise spans consumer and professional electronics, marketing and selling through professional and retail channels, product and brand development, as well as global operations. Mark’s experience and counsel as a financial and operational expert, as well as his broad business strategy and planning experience, will assist our Board and management team in serving existing customers and in creating new opportunities for our company and stakeholders.”
“I look forward to collaborating with Control4’s board and management team to support driving the business forward,” said Mr. Molyneux. “The smart home opportunity is significant and global. Control4’s innovative offerings, open platform, channel leadership, and experienced team provide a strong foundation on which to build an enduring leadership position in this sector.”
Prior to Mr. Molyneux’s appointment at i.am.plus, he successfully held leadership and executive roles at Sony Electronics for more than 25 years, including (beginning with the most recent): Chairman, Sony Electronics Inc.; President and COO, Sony Electronics – USA; Managing Director, Sony Central & Southeast Europe; Managing Director & Vice President, Sony Europe; Vice President, Computer Peripherals & Components, Sony Europe, as well as several multi-year roles in product and sales management. Prior to Sony, Mr. Molyneux was employed by Hewlett Packard, and before that by Aldermaston Research Establishment. Mr. Molyneux graduated from Newbury Technical College and from the Polytechnic of Central London.
Mr. Jensen’s expertise and career span over 30 years of transactional, operational, and leadership experience, including accounting and advisory services on numerous IPOs, M&A transactions, and corporate financings and reorganizations. As U.S. Managing Partner-Audit and Enterprise Risk Services, Technology Industry at Deloitte & Touche for more than 10 years, Mark served as the Audit/Advisory Partner for a broad range of technology and service companies, including as a Lead Relationship Partner for a Fortune 50 technology company. Mark also served as the U.S. Managing Partner for Deloitte’s Venture Capital Services Group until his retirement from the firm. Prior to Deloitte & Touche, Mr. Jensen spent more than 20 years at Arthur Andersen LLP and was the Managing Partner of the Silicon Valley office, and Global Managing Partner of the High Technology Industry. Mr. Jensen holds degrees from Colorado State University and Metropolitan State College of Denver.
Mr. Jensen added: “The smart home is beginning to deliver significant tangible benefits to home owners and families, and I believe Control4 is well positioned to gain share in the smart and connected home market segments. I am excited to join the Control4 board and look forward to working with the other directors and the management team to capitalize on this global opportunity.”





















Zimbio)" />




  About the Author



Julie Jacobson, recipient of the 2014 CEA TechHome Leadership Award, is co-founder of EH Publishing, producer of CE Pro, Electronic House, Commercial Integrator, Security Sales and other leading technology publications. She currently spends most of her time writing for CE Pro in the areas of home automation, security, networked A/V and the business of home systems integration. Julie majored in Economics at the University of Michigan, spent a year abroad at Cambridge University, earned an MBA from the University of Texas at Austin, and has never taken a journalism class in her life. She's a washed-up Ultimate Frisbee player currently residing in Carlsbad, Calif.  Email Julie at [email protected]
Follow Julie on social media:
Twitter 
 · LinkedIn
 · Google&plus;
Julie also participates in these groups:
LinkedIn ·
Google&plus;
View Julie Jacobson's complete profile.










News
Roomba Quietly Maps Your Home, Looks to Sell Data to Smart-Home Giants

Product Briefs: August Receives Funding; Blink’r IoT Campaign; RTI Designer Apex Software

Sigma Designs, Owner of Z-Wave Home Automation Tech, Ponders Sale or Spinoffs

D-Tools Launches New Customer Portal As Part of SI 2017 Update

Where Are They Now? ESPA Follows Technicians Finding Careers in AV


View more News
















  Article Topics

News · 

Control4 · 
All Topics












Not a Magazine Subscriber?Subscribe Today...It's FREE!!










Subscribe Today!


































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Search for 
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















   Molyneux Perfume | FragranceNet.com®

                           


     






Become a FragranceNet.com VIP






1,041,988




 Sign In /   My Account /   Order Status /   Help 













FREE U.S. Shipping (orders over $59.00)
                            

                                  Join our coupon list - Sign Up

Over 20 million orders shipped
Trusted online since 1997







Currency
▼



American Dollar Canadian Dollar Euro British Pound Australian Dollar





0






Shop



















0













GO







    25% OFF - click here    OR    Free U.S Shipping* no minimum - click here    

  Home /   Fragrances   / Molyneux        Molyneux Perfume & Cologne  7 Items Found   Sort By    Popularity  ▼   Popularity New Arrivals Brand Name Reviews              Filter                                        Sort                                       Refine Your Selection  





                	Category
                	









(1)
Gift Set





(1)
New Arrivals

















                	Gender
                	









(3)
Men





(4)
Women

















                	Brand
                	



Click a letter to find a fragrance
 
            A
        

            B
        

 C


            D
        

            E
        

            F
        

            G
        

            H
        

 I

 
            J
        

            K
        

            L
        

            M
        

            N
        

            O
        

            P
        

 Q


            R
        
 
            S
        

            T
        

            U
        

            V
        

            W
        

            X
        

            Y
        

            Z
        

            #
        
 



            C
        



(1)
Captain



            I
        



(1)
I Love You



            Q
        



(2)
Quartz





(1)
Quartz Je T'Aime





(2)
Quartz Modern

















                	Product Type
                	









(1)
Aftershave





(2)
Cologne





(3)
Eau De Parfum





(3)
Eau De Toilette





(1)
Parfum





(1)
Soaps & Cleansers





(3)
Tester

















                	Scents/Notes
                	









(1)
Citrus





(2)
Fresh





(4)
Musk





(1)
Spicy















Apply Filters



back to top



 Join our coupon list      Did you mean @?                    


Your Selections:
    Molyneux                           (Designer)   


 








Originally an illustrator, Edward Molyneux changed the course of his life by debuting his design house in 1919 after perfecting his skills at the Lucile house of fashion. His quick success led him to open several satellite boutiques in France. In 1925, he expanded his operations into Monte Carlo, and in 1932, into London.

His opulent, long-line women's evening wear designs adorned many celebrities of the day, including Vivien Leigh, Greta Garbo, Margaret Leighton and Gertrude Lawrence. He also outfitted numerous members of British High Society and European royalty. His contemporaries, Pierre Balmain and Christian Dior, were fans of his work.

During World War II, Molyneux served as an infantry captain for the British Forces. He retired from his eponymous design house in 1950, leaving designer Jacques Griffe as the head of operations. In 1964, he came out of retirement, founding the ready-to-wear Studio Molyneux. After receiving numerous mixed reviews, he closed the studio in 1974.

Molyneux debuted his first women's fragrance, Le Numero Cinq, in 1925. According to rumors of the day, he and Coco Chanel simultaneously released "Number Five" fragrances to see which designer's scent would ultimately experience the most success. While no one has ever been able to confirm the myth, Molyneux did indeed rename his fragrance La Parfum Connu.

As of 2014, Molyneux's fragrance line is operated by Perfume Berdoues, who offers 14 women's and men's fragrances under the designer's label.

Show More




       Quartz  Eau De Parfum   2 sizes available    Up to 55% OFF            Quartz  Eau De Toilette   1 size available    40% OFF            Quartz Modern  Eau De Parfum   1 size available    55% OFF            Captain  Eau De Toilette Spray 2.5 oz & Aftershave Spray 2.5 oz   1 gift set available    On sale now            I Love You  Shower Gel   1 size available    36% OFF            Quartz Je T'Aime  Eau De Parfum   2 sizes available    Up to 53% OFF            Quartz Modern  Eau De Toilette   1 size available    36% OFF                     Stay Connected with  &          



            Become a FragranceNet.com VIP






































 Read our Blog



  Keep Calm and spray on! ®    Get the App          App Store            Google Play        
Shop by Department


Fragrances
Women's Perfume
Men's Cologne
Haircare
Boutiques


50% Off
Samples
Skincare
Aromatherapy
Best Sellers
Clearance


For Kids
Makeup
Candles
New Arrivals
Mini
Hard to Find



  
Customer Support


Help
Contact Us
About Us

Gift Certificates


Gift Certificate Balance




Return Policy


Security Guarantee


Privacy Policy


Shipping Rates



Wholesale Information
Affiliate Program

Sitemap


Perfume Coupons




  
My Account


My Account
Reminder Club


Order Status
Register Now



Sign In


 Become a FragranceNet.com VIP      Did you mean @?     


  Questions? We're here to help! 1-800-PARFUMS (727-3867)1-800-PARFUMS (1-800-727-3867)        
  












               


   

        Customer Service Code: 1171G
    

Entire contents Copyright © 1997-2017. FragranceNet.com, Inc.

            FragranceNet and FragranceNet.com are trademarks of  FragranceNet.com, Inc. and are Registered in the US Patent & Trademark Office.
        

            All Rights Reserved.
        


              










   



                                       Perfume & Discount Perfumes | FragranceNet.com®

                            


     






Become a FragranceNet.com VIP






1,041,988




 Sign In /   My Account /   Order Status /   Help 













FREE U.S. Shipping (orders over $59.00)
                            

                                  Join our coupon list - Sign Up

Over 20 million orders shipped
Trusted online since 1997







Currency
▼



American Dollar Canadian Dollar Euro British Pound Australian Dollar





0






Shop



















0













GO







    25% OFF - click here    OR    Free U.S Shipping* no minimum - click here    

  Home / Fragrances        Perfume  5050 Items Found   Sort By    Popularity  ▼   Popularity New Arrivals Brand Name Reviews              Filter                                        Sort                                       Refine Your Selection  





                	Gender
                	









(104)
Children





(3155)
Men





(475)
Unisex





(5050)
Women

















                	Category
                	









(425)
Gift Set





(91)
Best Sellers





(120)
New Arrivals

















                	Brand
                	



Click a letter to find a perfume
 
 A


 B


 C


 D


 E


 F


 G


 H


 I

 
 J


 K


 L


 M


 N


 O


 P


 Q


 R

 
 S


 T


 U


 V


 W


 X


 Y


 Z


 #

 





(4)
D & G Light Blue





(4)
Versace Bright Crystal





(5)
Ck One





(1)
Eternity





(2)
Euphoria





(10)
White Diamonds





(11)
Angel





(1)
Obsession





(1)
Burberry





(2)
Viva La Juicy





(2)
Burberry Brit





(4)
Jessica Mcclintock





(4)
Lovely Sarah Jessica Parker





(4)
Jimmy Choo





(7)
Pink Sugar





(3)
La Vie Est Belle





(4)
Marc Jacobs Daisy





(2)
Happy





(4)
Design





(7)
Red Door

















                	Product Type
                	









(3)
Aftershave





(1)
Alcohol Free





(9)
Atomizer





(156)
Cologne





(448)
Creams & Gels & Lotions





(80)
Deodorant





(2294)
Eau De Parfum





(1543)
Eau De Toilette





(4)
Flacon





(5)
Hair Treatments





(11)
Hand & Nail Treatment





(526)
Mini





(1)
Moisturizer





(2)
Mousse & Foams





(1201)
Parfum





(180)
Perfume Samples





(61)
Powder





(52)
Refill





(33)
Roll On





(252)
Soaps & Cleansers





(943)
Tester





(93)
Toners & Astringents





(3)
Tools & Accessories





(10)
Travel





(331)
Unboxed

















                	Scents/Notes
                	









(391)
Citrus





(284)
Florals





(688)
Fresh





(989)
Musk





(198)
Oriental





(624)
Sandalwood





(375)
Spicy





(709)
Vanilla





(172)
Woody















Apply Filters



back to top



 Join our coupon list      Did you mean @?                    


Your Selections:
    Women                                                      Unisex                                                 


 





The only place to shop the latest designer perfumes at discounts up to 80% off department store prices. We offer the largest selection of the latest brand name fragrances and discount perfume products. Shop and save on all women’s perfume today.


       D & G Light Blue  by Dolce & Gabbana  Eau De Toilette   7 sizes available    Up to 38% OFF            Versace Bright Crystal  by Gianni Versace  Eau De Toilette   8 sizes available    Up to 51% OFF            Eternity  by Calvin Klein  Eau De Parfum   2 sizes available    Up to 47% OFF            Euphoria  by Calvin Klein  Eau De Parfum   5 sizes available    Up to 49% OFF            Ck One  by Calvin Klein  Eau De Toilette   4 sizes available    Up to 46% OFF            Obsession  by Calvin Klein  Eau De Parfum   4 sizes available    Up to 66% OFF            Burberry  by Burberry  Eau De Parfum   4 sizes available    Up to 54% OFF            Viva La Juicy  by Juicy Couture  Eau De Parfum   1 size available    43% OFF            Perfume Travel Atomizer  Perfume   1 size available    37% OFF            Angel  by Thierry Mugler  Eau De Parfum   10 sizes available    Up to 44% OFF            Lovely Sarah Jessica Parker  by Sarah Jessica Parker  Eau De Parfum   6 sizes available    Up to 62% OFF            Jimmy Choo  by Jimmy Choo  Eau De Parfum   8 sizes available    Up to 50% OFF            Jessica Mcclintock  by Jessica Mcclintock  Eau De Parfum   4 sizes available    Up to 64% OFF            Marc Jacobs Daisy  by Marc Jacobs  Eau De Toilette   11 sizes available    Up to 35% OFF            White Diamonds  by Elizabeth Taylor  Eau De Toilette   6 sizes available    Up to 60% OFF            La Vie Est Belle  by Lancome  Eau De Parfum   4 sizes available    Up to 7% OFF            Burberry Brit  by Burberry  Eau De Parfum   4 sizes available    Up to 63% OFF            Happy  by Clinique  Eau De Parfum   3 sizes available    Up to 22% OFF            Design  by Paul Sebastian  Eau De Parfum   3 sizes available    Up to 66% OFF            Juicy Couture  by Juicy Couture  Eau De Parfum   7 sizes available    Up to 60% OFF            Alien  by Thierry Mugler  Eau De Parfum   8 sizes available    Up to 36% OFF            Pink Sugar  by Aquolina  Eau De Toilette   5 sizes available    Up to 67% OFF            Black Opium  by Yves Saint Laurent  Eau De Parfum   2 sizes available    On sale now            Pleasures  by Estee Lauder  Eau De Parfum   6 sizes available    Up to 30% OFF           1       2       3       next       last         






Women's Perfume







Gift Sets









Best Sellers







New Arrivals









Creams & Gels & Lotions







Testers & Unboxed









50% OFF Specials







Deodorant


       Stay Connected with  &          



            Become a FragranceNet.com VIP






































 Read our Blog



  Keep Calm and spray on! ®    Get the App          App Store            Google Play        
Shop by Department


Fragrances
Women's Perfume
Men's Cologne
Haircare
Boutiques


50% Off
Samples
Skincare
Aromatherapy
Best Sellers
Clearance


For Kids
Makeup
Candles
New Arrivals
Mini
Hard to Find



  
Customer Support


Help
Contact Us
About Us

Gift Certificates


Gift Certificate Balance




Return Policy


Security Guarantee


Privacy Policy


Shipping Rates



Wholesale Information
Affiliate Program

Sitemap


Perfume Coupons




  
My Account


My Account
Reminder Club


Order Status
Register Now



Sign In


 Become a FragranceNet.com VIP      Did you mean @?     


  Questions? We're here to help! 1-800-PARFUMS (727-3867)1-800-PARFUMS (1-800-727-3867)        
  












               


   

        Customer Service Code: 1171G
    

Entire contents Copyright © 1997-2017. FragranceNet.com, Inc.

            FragranceNet and FragranceNet.com are trademarks of  FragranceNet.com, Inc. and are Registered in the US Patent & Trademark Office.
        

            All Rights Reserved.
        


              










   



                                       Cologne For Men | FragranceNet.com®

                            


     






Become a FragranceNet.com VIP






1,041,988




 Sign In /   My Account /   Order Status /   Help 













FREE U.S. Shipping (orders over $59.00)
                            

                                  Join our coupon list - Sign Up

Over 20 million orders shipped
Trusted online since 1997







Currency
▼



American Dollar Canadian Dollar Euro British Pound Australian Dollar





0






Shop



















0













GO







    20% OFF - click here    OR    Free U.S Shipping* no minimum - click here    

  Home / Fragrances        Cologne  3155 Items Found   Sort By    Popularity  ▼   Popularity New Arrivals Brand Name Reviews              Filter                                        Sort                                       Refine Your Selection  





                	Gender
                	









(104)
Children





(3155)
Men





(475)
Unisex





(5050)
Women

















                	Category
                	









(257)
Gift Set





(72)
Best Sellers





(84)
New Arrivals

















                	Brand
                	



Click a letter to find a cologne
 
 A


 B


 C


 D


 E


 F


 G


 H


 I

 
 J


 K


 L


 M


 N


 O


 P


 Q


 R

 
 S


 T


 U


 V


 W


 X


 Y


 Z


 #

 





(5)
Acqua Di Gio





(6)
Cool Water





(5)
Eternity





(5)
Ck One





(5)
Obsession





(5)
D & G Light Blue





(5)
Paul Sebastian





(5)
Chrome





(6)
Versace Eros





(5)
Mont Blanc Legend





(3)
Versace Man Eau Fraiche





(1)
Burberry Touch





(5)
L'Eau d'Issey





(4)
Gucci Guilty Pour Homme





(8)
The One





(5)
Jean Paul Gaultier





(6)
Paco Rabanne 1 Million





(4)
Armani Code





(6)
Versace Signature





(10)
Terre d'Hermes

















                	Product Type
                	









(314)
Aftershave





(59)
Alcohol Free





(2)
Atomizer





(1359)
Cologne





(55)
Creams & Gels & Lotions





(247)
Deodorant





(481)
Eau De Parfum





(1804)
Eau De Toilette





(2)
Flacon





(15)
Hair & Body Wash





(1)
Masks & Mud





(235)
Mini





(1)
Moisturizer





(1)
Mousse & Foams





(353)
Parfum





(148)
Perfume Samples





(4)
Powder





(14)
Refill





(8)
Roll On





(9)
Shaving





(168)
Soaps & Cleansers





(1)
Styling Products





(550)
Tester





(97)
Toners & Astringents





(7)
Tools & Accessories





(22)
Travel





(208)
Unboxed

















                	Scents/Notes
                	









(433)
Citrus





(52)
Florals





(497)
Fresh





(511)
Musk





(84)
Oriental





(352)
Sandalwood





(465)
Spicy





(173)
Vanilla





(202)
Woody















Apply Filters



back to top



 Join our coupon list      Did you mean @?               


Your Selections:
    Men                                                      Unisex                                                 


 





The world’s largest selection of men’s cologne at your fingertips. Shop all the designer brands and find your signature scent for less. The greatest selection of men’s colognes at discounts up to 80% off retail. Designer fragrances at a fraction of the cost of department store prices.


       Acqua Di Gio  by Giorgio Armani  Eau De Toilette   5 sizes available    Up to 24% OFF            Eternity  by Calvin Klein  Eau De Toilette   6 sizes available    Up to 51% OFF            Cool Water  by Davidoff  Eau De Toilette   7 sizes available    Up to 62% OFF            Ck One  by Calvin Klein  Eau De Toilette   4 sizes available    Up to 46% OFF            Obsession  by Calvin Klein  Eau De Toilette   7 sizes available    Up to 63% OFF            D & G Light Blue  by Dolce & Gabbana  Eau De Toilette   8 sizes available    Up to 42% OFF            Perfume Travel Atomizer  Perfume   1 size available    37% OFF            Versace Eros  by Gianni Versace  Eau De Toilette   6 sizes available    Up to 50% OFF            Chrome  by Azzaro  Eau De Toilette   6 sizes available    Up to 54% OFF            Mont Blanc Legend  by Mont Blanc  Eau De Toilette   6 sizes available    Up to 55% OFF            Versace Man Eau Fraiche  by Gianni Versace  Eau De Toilette   7 sizes available    Up to 55% OFF            Burberry Touch  by Burberry  Eau De Toilette   8 sizes available    Up to 64% OFF            L'Eau d'Issey  by Issey Miyake  Eau De Toilette   6 sizes available    Up to 44% OFF            Jean Paul Gaultier  by Jean Paul Gaultier  Eau De Toilette   4 sizes available    Up to 37% OFF            Gucci Guilty Pour Homme  by Gucci  Eau De Toilette   6 sizes available    Up to 25% OFF            Paul Sebastian  by Paul Sebastian  Cologne   4 sizes available    Up to 64% OFF            Paco Rabanne 1 Million  by Paco Rabanne  Eau De Toilette   5 sizes available    Up to 33% OFF            Drakkar Noir  by Guy Laroche  Eau De Toilette   6 sizes available    Up to 52% OFF            Versace Signature  by Gianni Versace  Eau De Toilette   7 sizes available    Up to 55% OFF            Armani Code  by Giorgio Armani  Eau De Toilette   5 sizes available    Up to 21% OFF            Burberry Brit  by Burberry  Eau De Toilette   5 sizes available    Up to 63% OFF            Polo Red  by Ralph Lauren  Eau De Toilette   9 sizes available    Up to 43% OFF            Eternity Aqua  by Calvin Klein  Eau De Toilette   5 sizes available    Up to 57% OFF            The One  by Dolce & Gabbana  Eau De Toilette   6 sizes available    Up to 30% OFF           1       2       3       next       last         






Men's Cologne







Gift Sets









Best Sellers







New Arrivals









Aftershave







Testers & Unboxed









50% OFF Specials







Deodorant


       Stay Connected with  &          



            Become a FragranceNet.com VIP






































 Read our Blog



  Keep Calm and spray on! ®    Get the App          App Store            Google Play        
Shop by Department


Fragrances
Women's Perfume
Men's Cologne
Haircare
Boutiques


50% Off
Samples
Skincare
Aromatherapy
Best Sellers
Clearance


For Kids
Makeup
Candles
New Arrivals
Mini
Hard to Find



  
Customer Support


Help
Contact Us
About Us

Gift Certificates


Gift Certificate Balance




Return Policy


Security Guarantee


Privacy Policy


Shipping Rates



Wholesale Information
Affiliate Program

Sitemap


Perfume Coupons




  
My Account


My Account
Reminder Club


Order Status
Register Now



Sign In


 Become a FragranceNet.com VIP      Did you mean @?     


  Questions? We're here to help! 1-800-PARFUMS (727-3867)1-800-PARFUMS (1-800-727-3867)        
  












               


   

        Customer Service Code: 1171C
    

Entire contents Copyright © 1997-2017. FragranceNet.com, Inc.

            FragranceNet and FragranceNet.com are trademarks of  FragranceNet.com, Inc. and are Registered in the US Patent & Trademark Office.
        

            All Rights Reserved.
        


              










   



                                       FragranceNet.com Coupons

                          


     






Become a FragranceNet.com VIP






1,041,988




 Sign In /   My Account /   Order Status /   Help 













FREE U.S. Shipping (orders over $59.00)
                            

                                  Join our coupon list - Sign Up

Over 20 million orders shipped
Trusted online since 1997







Currency
▼



American Dollar Canadian Dollar Euro British Pound Australian Dollar





0






Shop



















0













GO







    20% OFF - click here    OR    Free U.S Shipping* no minimum - click here    

  Home / Instant Coupon        TODAY'S INSTANT COUPON*         25% OFF your entire order   Expires: 08/16/2017      Click to redeem coupon now     redeem coupon now      or e-mail this coupon to yourself or a friend:     Submit      (please double check) (E-mail sent successfully!)        This coupon will be automatically applied to your shopping cart if you click here now. If you come back later, just enter the claim code above during checkout to redeem this coupon.    * FragranceNet.com coupons are redeemable for one time and one purchase only.         Coupons valid for online orders only.         Limit one coupon per customer. Non-negotiable and non-transferable.         Applies only to in stock items. Designer exclusions apply. Coupons are not redeemable for cash. Offer good while supplies last.         If this coupon is intentionally misused, it may result in an adjustment or cancellation of the bill or order.         May not be combined with any other offer.               Stay Connected with  &          



            Become a FragranceNet.com VIP






































 Read our Blog



  Keep Calm and spray on! ®    Get the App          App Store            Google Play        
Shop by Department


Fragrances
Women's Perfume
Men's Cologne
Haircare
Boutiques


50% Off
Samples
Skincare
Aromatherapy
Best Sellers
Clearance


For Kids
Makeup
Candles
New Arrivals
Mini
Hard to Find



  
Customer Support


Help
Contact Us
About Us

Gift Certificates


Gift Certificate Balance




Return Policy


Security Guarantee


Privacy Policy


Shipping Rates



Wholesale Information
Affiliate Program

Sitemap


Perfume Coupons




  
My Account


My Account
Reminder Club


Order Status
Register Now



Sign In


 Become a FragranceNet.com VIP      Did you mean @?     


  Questions? We're here to help! 1-800-PARFUMS (727-3867)1-800-PARFUMS (1-800-727-3867)        
  












               


   

        Customer Service Code: 1171C
    

Entire contents Copyright © 1997-2017. FragranceNet.com, Inc.

            FragranceNet and FragranceNet.com are trademarks of  FragranceNet.com, Inc. and are Registered in the US Patent & Trademark Office.
        

            All Rights Reserved.
        


                 



                                       Discount Fragrances, Cologne & Discounted Perfumes | FragranceNet.com®

                            


     






Become a FragranceNet.com VIP






1,041,988




 Sign In /   My Account /   Order Status /   Help 













FREE U.S. Shipping (orders over $59.00)
                            

                                  Join our coupon list - Sign Up

Over 20 million orders shipped
Trusted online since 1997







Currency
▼



American Dollar Canadian Dollar Euro British Pound Australian Dollar





0






Shop



















0













GO







    20% OFF - click here    OR    Free U.S Shipping* no minimum - click here    

  Home / Fragrances        Perfume & Cologne  7730 Items Found   Sort By    Popularity  ▼   Popularity New Arrivals Brand Name Reviews              Filter                                        Sort                                       Refine Your Selection  





                	Category
                	









(665)
Gift Set





(157)
Best Sellers





(188)
New Arrivals

















                	Gender
                	









(104)
Children





(3155)
Men





(475)
Unisex





(5050)
Women

















                	Brand
                	



Click a letter to find a fragrance
 
 A


 B


 C


 D


 E


 F


 G


 H


 I

 
 J


 K


 L


 M


 N


 O


 P


 Q


 R

 
 S


 T


 U


 V


 W


 X


 Y


 Z


 #

 





(9)
D & G Light Blue





(6)
Eternity





(6)
Obsession





(9)
Cool Water





(6)
Acqua Di Gio





(4)
Versace Bright Crystal





(2)
Burberry





(3)
Burberry Brit





(5)
Ck One





(16)
Angel





(2)
Euphoria





(10)
White Diamonds





(8)
Jimmy Choo





(9)
L'Eau d'Issey





(11)
The One





(2)
Viva La Juicy





(5)
Paul Sebastian





(2)
Burberry Touch





(6)
Armani Code





(5)
Chrome

















                	Product Type
                	









(316)
Aftershave





(60)
Alcohol Free





(9)
Atomizer





(1472)
Cologne





(494)
Creams & Gels & Lotions





(323)
Deodorant





(2516)
Eau De Parfum





(3210)
Eau De Toilette





(5)
Flacon





(15)
Hair & Body Wash





(5)
Hair Treatments





(11)
Hand & Nail Treatment





(1)
Masks & Mud





(738)
Mini





(2)
Moisturizer





(3)
Mousse & Foams





(1355)
Parfum





(307)
Perfume Samples





(63)
Powder





(62)
Refill





(38)
Roll On





(9)
Shaving





(403)
Soaps & Cleansers





(1)
Styling Products





(1420)
Tester





(186)
Toners & Astringents





(9)
Tools & Accessories





(32)
Travel





(525)
Unboxed

















                	Scents/Notes
                	









(797)
Citrus





(330)
Florals





(1140)
Fresh





(1432)
Musk





(272)
Oriental





(954)
Sandalwood





(810)
Spicy





(857)
Vanilla





(361)
Woody















Apply Filters



back to top



 Join our coupon list      Did you mean @?                      





There's a fragrance for everyone to discover in our extensive inventory of designer fragrances. Shop and save at discounts up to 80% off department store prices.


       D & G Light Blue  by Dolce & Gabbana  Eau De Toilette   7 sizes available    Up to 38% OFF            Acqua Di Gio  by Giorgio Armani  Eau De Toilette   5 sizes available    Up to 24% OFF            Versace Bright Crystal  by Gianni Versace  Eau De Toilette   8 sizes available    Up to 51% OFF            Eternity  by Calvin Klein  Eau De Toilette   6 sizes available    Up to 51% OFF            Eternity  by Calvin Klein  Eau De Parfum   2 sizes available    Up to 47% OFF            Euphoria  by Calvin Klein  Eau De Parfum   5 sizes available    Up to 49% OFF            Cool Water  by Davidoff  Eau De Toilette   7 sizes available    Up to 62% OFF            Ck One  by Calvin Klein  Eau De Toilette   4 sizes available    Up to 46% OFF            Obsession  by Calvin Klein  Eau De Parfum   4 sizes available    Up to 66% OFF            Burberry  by Burberry  Eau De Parfum   4 sizes available    Up to 54% OFF            Viva La Juicy  by Juicy Couture  Eau De Parfum   1 size available    43% OFF            Obsession  by Calvin Klein  Eau De Toilette   7 sizes available    Up to 63% OFF            D & G Light Blue  by Dolce & Gabbana  Eau De Toilette   8 sizes available    Up to 42% OFF            Perfume Travel Atomizer  Perfume   1 size available    37% OFF            Versace Eros  by Gianni Versace  Eau De Toilette   6 sizes available    Up to 50% OFF            Chrome  by Azzaro  Eau De Toilette   6 sizes available    Up to 54% OFF            Mont Blanc Legend  by Mont Blanc  Eau De Toilette   6 sizes available    Up to 55% OFF            Angel  by Thierry Mugler  Eau De Parfum   10 sizes available    Up to 44% OFF            Versace Man Eau Fraiche  by Gianni Versace  Eau De Toilette   7 sizes available    Up to 55% OFF            Burberry Touch  by Burberry  Eau De Toilette   8 sizes available    Up to 64% OFF            Lovely Sarah Jessica Parker  by Sarah Jessica Parker  Eau De Parfum   6 sizes available    Up to 62% OFF            Jimmy Choo  by Jimmy Choo  Eau De Parfum   8 sizes available    Up to 50% OFF            Jessica Mcclintock  by Jessica Mcclintock  Eau De Parfum   4 sizes available    Up to 64% OFF            Marc Jacobs Daisy  by Marc Jacobs  Eau De Toilette   11 sizes available    Up to 35% OFF           1       2       3       next       last                 Stay Connected with  &          



            Become a FragranceNet.com VIP






































 Read our Blog



  Keep Calm and spray on! ®    Get the App          App Store            Google Play        
Shop by Department


Fragrances
Women's Perfume
Men's Cologne
Haircare
Boutiques


50% Off
Samples
Skincare
Aromatherapy
Best Sellers
Clearance


For Kids
Makeup
Candles
New Arrivals
Mini
Hard to Find



  
Customer Support


Help
Contact Us
About Us

Gift Certificates


Gift Certificate Balance




Return Policy


Security Guarantee


Privacy Policy


Shipping Rates



Wholesale Information
Affiliate Program

Sitemap


Perfume Coupons




  
My Account


My Account
Reminder Club


Order Status
Register Now



Sign In


 Become a FragranceNet.com VIP      Did you mean @?     


  Questions? We're here to help! 1-800-PARFUMS (727-3867)1-800-PARFUMS (1-800-727-3867)        
  












               


   

        Customer Service Code: 1171I
    

Entire contents Copyright © 1997-2017. FragranceNet.com, Inc.

            FragranceNet and FragranceNet.com are trademarks of  FragranceNet.com, Inc. and are Registered in the US Patent & Trademark Office.
        

            All Rights Reserved.
        


              










   



                                   