










 













 


























Are You Personally Liable for Your Business's Debts? | Nolo.com
















Grow Your Legal Practice
Meet the Editors
Sign In
Support








Search



Search Type

All
Products
Lawyers
Articles





Search Term



Location










Legal Topics
Small Business 
Business Cash Flow Problems & Bankruptcy
Liability for Business Debts










Are You Personally Liable for Your Business's Debts?




Learn whether a business creditor can come after your house, bank account, or other personal property.


By Beth Laurence, J.D.




Share on Google Plus





Share on Facebook













 





If your business is having trouble paying its bills, you may be worried about whether a creditor can come after your personal assets. Can a creditor raid your personal bank account? Garnish your wages? Foreclose on your house?
To answer these questions you need to understand whether you are personally liable for your business's debts. There is a huge difference between debts that only your business is liable for and those that you are legally responsible to pay from your personal assets. If you aren't personally liable for your business's debts, you have a lot less to worry about: a creditor can only go after your business's bank account and assets if your business doesn't pay its bills; creditors can't take your home or other personal property. But if you find out you are personally liable for your business's debts, you have a lot more to lose.
Which debts are you personally liable for? Most important, know that every business owner who has employees, no matter whether the business is organized as a corporation, LLC, partnership, or sole proprietorship, is personally liable if the business doesn't pay the taxes it withheld from employees' paychecks. (For more about why paying these taxes is always your first priority, see Nolo's article on Prioritizing Debt Payments.)
For other types of business debts, your business structure as well as what kind of contract or purchase order you signed usually determines whether or not you're personally liable for a business debt. Let's take a look.
Sole Proprietorships and Partnerships
If you're operating your business as a sole proprietorship (or "DBA" or as an independent contractor), you and your business are legally the same, which is another way of saying that you personally owe every penny that your business can't pay. So if your business doesn't have enough cash or assets to pay its debts, creditors can, and sometimes will, take your personal assets -- or at least the assets that aren't protected by state exemption laws. (See Nolo's article What Can Creditors Do If You Don't Pay?)
This is also generally true for general partnerships -- the partnership debt belongs to each partner personally -- with this added twist: Each partner is personally liable for 100% of the business's debts. This means that if there aren't enough business assets to pay the partnership's debts, and your partners are broke, creditors can take your partner's personal assets to pay all of the business's debts, not just your pro rata share of the debts.
Corporations and LLCs
If your business is organized as a corporation or LLC, you and your business are separate legal entities. As such, in theory you could have no personal liability for the debts of your business, meaning that creditors can't take your house or other personal assets to pay your business's debts, even if your business can't pay them.

EXAMPLE: Jean's Book Shoppe, Inc., orders books from 80 publishers and three wholesalers before the business tanks. Unable to pay its expenses, the corporation declares bankruptcy. The publishers' and wholesalers' bills are all unsecured debts of the corporation, and Jean, the corporation's sole shareholder, is not personally responsible for paying any of them. In the bankruptcy, the store's inventory will be sold to the highest bidder. The proceeds will be used to pay the costs of bankruptcy and the Book Shoppe's creditors, who may be fortunate to receive a few cents on the dollar.

However, there are many ways for a shareholder or LLC member to become personally liable for business debts; in fact, most owners of small businesses are personally liable for at least some business debts. Here are the most common ways the owner of a corporation or LLC can become personally liable.
Signing a Personal Guarantee
Because most suppliers, banks, and landlords know that shareholders or LLC members don't have personal liability for the corporation or LLC's debts, they often won't extend credit or loan money to a small LLC or corporation without the owner's personal guarantee. If you signed a personal guarantee for a particular loan, lease, or contract, you promised that you would pay it personally if your business did not. Put another way, every time you personally guaranteed that you would repay a debt, you deliberately gave up your limited liability for that debt. You volunteered to let the creditor sue you to take your personal assets if the business couldn't pay the debt.
Check to see if you signed a personal guarantee on all of your business contracts; for example, a loan for a business vehicle or business equipment, trade terms with a supplier, a bank line of credit, or a commercial lease.
Offering Your Property as Collateral
Banks typically require the owners of small corporations or LLCs to put up their house or other real estate as security for a loan. If you secured a business loan or debt by pledging property such as a house, boat, or car, you are personally liable for the debt, and if your business defaults on the loan, the lender or creditor can sue you to foreclose on the property and use the proceeds to repay the debt.
Signing a Contract in Your Own Name
You may also have given up your limited liability if you were careless about signing purchase agreements and service contracts. Sometimes these agreements display the personal name of the business owner without the name of the corporation or LLC. If you signed an agreement in your personal name and not on behalf of the corporation or LLC, you're personally liable for the underlying debt, even if it was the supplier's mistake. If you're not sure whether you have given a personal guarantee on an agreement or loan, check both the language of the agreement and the signature block to see whether you signed it in your name or in your capacity as an owner or officer.

Example: Talia signs a loan contract as Talia Finke, CEO of Book Nook, Inc., so only her business is liable to repay the loan. But she signs her commercial lease as just Talia Finke, so she will be personally liable to the landlord if her business can't pay the rent.

Using Credit Cards or Personal Loans to Fund the Business
You may have used credit cards or home equity loans to obtain funds for your business, which definitely means you are personally liable for those debts. (You are almost always personally responsible for making payments on your credit cards, even if they have your business name on them, under the terms of the application you signed.)
Fraud, Misrepresentations, or Sloppy Recordkeeping
If you personally misrepresented or lied about any facts when you were applying for a loan or credit on behalf of your corporation or LLC, you could be held personally liable for the debt. Likewise, if you failed to maintain a formal legal separation between your business and your personal financial affairs, creditors could try to hold you personally responsible for the business's debts under a theory known as "piercing the corporate veil." This happens when a court finds that your corporation or LLC is really just a sham and that it is you personally operating the business. One way creditors try to pierce the corporate veil is by showing that you didn't observe the formalities imposed on corporations and LLCs by state law. For instance, you may have made important corporate or LLC decisions without recording them in minutes of a meeting. Or you may have paid a number of the business's bills out of your personal checkbook or with a personal credit card. Even corporations or LLCs owned by a single individual or a married couple have to obey these rules and formalities.
What Can You Do If You Can't Pay Debts You're Personaly Liable For?
If you've determined you're personally liable for all or some of your business's debts, you risk being sued personally for the debt. What are the chances of this? For more information, see Nolo's article What Can Creditors Do if You Don't Pay?
If you think it's likely you'll be sued, you'll want to make sure that your business pays the debts off, either in full or by negotiating a settlement for less than you owe. (You want to be careful here: your spouse or partner may be liable for your business debts.)
If that's not possible, you may be able to file for Chapter 7 personal bankruptcy to wipe out your personal liability for your business debts, or use another option, like an "assignment for the benefit of creditors" or liquidating your business yourself.
For more information on your options, see Nolo's article on what your best strategy is or Nolo's book Save Your Small Business: 10 Crucial Strategies to Survive Hard Times or Close Down and Move On, by Ralph Warner and Bethany K. Laurence (Nolo).




Share on Google Plus





Share on Facebook











Talk to a Lawyer



Need help? Start here.



Practice Area

Please select...Airplane Business TransactionsAsbestosAsylumAuto AccidentAviationAviation AccidentsBankruptcyBusinessChild CustodyChild SupportCivil RightsCollaborative DivorceCommercial Real EstateConsumer ProtectionCriminal DefenseDUI and DWIDebt SettlementDeportationDisabilityDivorceDivorce MediationEmploymentEnvironmentEstate PlanningExpungementFamilyForeclosureGreen CardImmigration LawIntellectual PropertyLandlord and TenantLegal MalpracticeLitigationLong Term DisabilityMaritimeMedical MalpracticeMilitary DivorceNursing Home or Elder AbuseOvertime PayPatentsPersonal InjuryProbateProduct LiabilityReal EstateSSDISecuritiesSex CrimesSexual HarassmentSocial Security DisabilityTaxTraffic TicketsTrucking AccidentUS CitizenshipUS VisaUnemploymentVeterans DisabilityWorkers CompensationWrongful DeathWrongful Termination



Zip Code








SEARCH




How it Works

Briefly tell us about your case
Provide your contact information
Choose attorneys to contact you











            Legal Information & Products from Nolo
        



Business Formation
Choosing a Business Structure
LLCs
Partnerships
Sole Proprietorships
Forming a Corporation


Popular Products from Nolo


Form an LLC



LLC or Corporation?



Guide to Single-Member LLCs
















        Related Products
      
MORE





Form Your Own Limited Liability Company



LLC or Corporation?



Nolo's Guide to Single-Member LLCs



Nolo's Quick LLC











FEATURED LISTINGS FROM NOLO


Swipe to view more








            Related Ads
        























NEED PROFESSIONAL HELP ?
Talk to a Business Law attorney.



Zip Code







Start



How It Works

Briefly tell us about your case
Provide your contact information
Choose attorneys to contact you












Copyright © 2017 Nolo ®  Self-help services may not be permitted in all states. The information provided on this site is not legal advice, does not constitute a lawyer referral service, and no attorney-client or confidential relationship is or will be formed by use of the site. The attorney listings on this site are paid attorney advertising. In some states, the information on this website may be considered a lawyer referral service. Please reference the Terms of Use and the Supplemental Terms for specific information related to your state. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use, Supplemental Terms, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.


 






















































Liability for Business Debts | Nolo.com
















Grow Your Legal Practice
Meet the Editors
Sign In
Support








Search



Search Type

All
Products
Lawyers
Articles





Search Term



Location










Home
Legal Topics
Small Business 
Business Cash Flow Problems & Bankruptcy
Liability for Business Debts








Liability for Business Debts










 





There is a big difference between debts that only your business owes and debts that you (and perhaps your spouse) are personally responsible to repay. Understanding which debts you are personally liable for will help you determine whether to take them on in the first place and  how to deal with them if you can't pay them. While deciding not to pay any business debt comes with consequences, not paying some types of debt has worse consequences than not paying others. Knowing which is which is vital to protecting your personal assets.








Dealing With Your Business Debts





Handling Business Debts: Your Options
Bankruptcy, workouts, and other strategies for dealing with business debts.






Prioritizing Which Business Debts to Pay
Ignoring any business debt comes with consequences, but not paying some types of debt has worse consequences than not paying others.




Negotiating Debt Settlements When You Go Out of Business
When a business closes, it usually has a good-sized pile of debts—to landlords, suppliers, utilities, service providers, and possibly a bank or private lender. 




Can Chapter 7 Bankruptcy Solve Your Business Debt Problems?
Chapter 7 bankruptcy can help you eliminate personal liability for business debts.











Your Liability for Business Debts





What Can Creditors Do If You Don't Pay?
Debts and creditors fall into different types of legal categories, meaning that some of your creditors have more rights to collect and a bigger ability to negatively affect you and your business than do others.




Are You Personally Liable for Your Business's Debts?
Learn whether a business creditor can come after your house, bank account, or other personal property.






Spouse and Partner Liability for Jointly Owned Business Debt
Business debts that you share with another person—a spouse, partner, or cosigner—can raise some legal issues if you can't pay them.




Ten Steps to Reduce Your Liability in a Troubled Business
If your company is facing financial difficulties, read these tips to keep out of trouble with the IRS, bankruptcy courts, and your bank.






When You Can't Pay Your Business Debts: Personal Liability and Bankruptcy Options
If your business is in the red, take steps to protect your personal assets.






How Not to Borrow Money When Your Business Is in Financial Trouble
Finance tips for your struggling business: what to avoid.






Piercing the Corporate Veil: When LLCs and Corporations May be at Risk
An LLC or corporation's owners, members, or shareholders may be on the hook personally for business debt.



















        Related Products
      
MORE





Form Your Own Limited Liability Company



LLC or Corporation?



Nolo's Guide to Single-Member LLCs



Nolo's Quick LLC











            More Legal Topics
        



How to Save a Troubled Business






More Legal Topics




How to Save a Troubled Business












            Related Ads
        























NEED PROFESSIONAL HELP ?
Talk to a Business Law attorney.



Zip Code







Start



How It Works

Briefly tell us about your case
Provide your contact information
Choose attorneys to contact you












Copyright © 2017 Nolo ®  Self-help services may not be permitted in all states. The information provided on this site is not legal advice, does not constitute a lawyer referral service, and no attorney-client or confidential relationship is or will be formed by use of the site. The attorney listings on this site are paid attorney advertising. In some states, the information on this website may be considered a lawyer referral service. Please reference the Terms of Use and the Supplemental Terms for specific information related to your state. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use, Supplemental Terms, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.


 




























Monteris BC Note, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Monteris BC Note, LLC  Funding details


Monteris BC Note, LLC Industry: InvestingCIK Number: 0001691443IRS Number: 814098153Address: 688 PINE STREET SUITE 6D BURLINGTON 05401Phone number: 8029233080



Latest news
Monteris BC Note, LLC raised $6,162,745 from 17 investors on 2017-01-31.



Monteris BC Note, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-01-31Amended Form D$6,162,745$6,162,7450$5,5161706b[SEC Filing]2016-12-06New Form D$4,880,273$4,880,2730$14,3731706b[SEC Filing]
Monteris BC Note, LLC raised $6,162,745 in total.



Directors and Executives of Monteris BC Note, LLC
Key People in Monteris BC Note, LLC:

Richard McCormickJack Schuler
Similar companiesMONTERIS MEDICAL INC, Monteris Medical US, Inc., Monteris BC Holdings, LLC, Monteris BC Note 2, LLC, Monteris BC Holdings 2, LLC








Last visited companies: LB Merchant PSMH-3, LLC, Leafline Labs, LLC, MD INVESTMENT PARTNERS LLC SERIES C, MD INVESTMENT PARTNERS LLC SERIES C, MBI Co-Invest Fund, L.P.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















Monteris BC Holdings, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Monteris BC Holdings, LLC
List of persons related to the company Monteris BC Holdings, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Monteris BC Holdings, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001687323IRS Number: 472184679Company address: 688 PINE STREET SUITE 6D BURLINGTON 05401Phone number: 8029233080



People related to Monteris BC Holdings, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryW. Schuler  Jack28161 North Keith Drive Lake ForestILMcCormick  Richard688 Pine Street Suite 6DBurlingtonVT




Monteris BC Holdings, LLC on the Web
Related companiesMonteris BC Holdings 2, LLC, Monteris BC Note 2, LLC, Monteris BC Note, LLC, MONTERIS MEDICAL INC, Monteris Medical US, Inc.












 








Monteris BC Note, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Monteris BC Note, LLC
List of persons related to the company Monteris BC Note, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Monteris BC Note, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001691443IRS Number: 814098153Company address: 688 PINE STREET SUITE 6D BURLINGTON 05401Phone number: 8029233080



People related to Monteris BC Note, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryW. Schuler  Jack28161 North Keith Drive Lake ForestILMcCormick  Richard688 Pine Street Suite 6DBurlingtonVT




Monteris BC Note, LLC on the Web
Related companiesMonteris BC Holdings 2, LLC, Monteris BC Holdings, LLC, Monteris BC Note 2, LLC, MONTERIS MEDICAL INC, Monteris Medical US, Inc.












 











Monteris BC Note, LLC - Investing- Mc Cormick  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Monteris BC Note, LLC

      Industry: Investing
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    688 Pine Street Suite 6 D 
    Burlington, VT, 05401Phone: 8029233080 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-01-31


Amended


$6,162,745


$1,282,472


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2016-12-06


New


$4,880,273


$4,880,273


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Richard Mc Cormick 
 Executive 


 Jack W. Schuler 
 Executive 


















Monteris BC Note, LLC - Alumni, Associates, Insider Transactions, Salary and Compensation Updates - Equilar Atlas 












 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In
















Monteris BC Note, LLC

View Full Profile


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view profiles of Monteris BC Note, LLC alumni and associates. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY Monteris BC Note, LLC alumni and associates.
												FOLLOW changes in Monteris BC Note, LLC alumni and associates employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Monteris BC Note, LLC alumni and associates through your network of contacts.
												







Trustees and Associates (0)








															Stay current on Monteris BC Note, LLC trustees and associates »
															


 







Richard McCormick
CFO and duly authorized agent of Manager of Issuer @ Monteris BC Note, LLC


View Full Profile









Jack W. Schuler
LLC Manager @ Monteris BC Note, LLC


View Full Profile












Search

Search for over 80,000 public and private companies, universities and non-profits in the Equilar Atlas real-time database.





/bio



													Example: Monteris BC Note, LLC





















			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993












