


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















Institutional home



















































Vanguard - DC Small/Mid Services: Our approach                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Defined ContributionSmall/Mid plans (startup to $20M+)








 Our approach 
 Sponsor support 
 Participant experience 
 Plan administration 
 Advisor and TPA support 
 Plan Advisor Resource Center








Select Our approachAll  

Sponsor supportAll  

Participant experienceAll  

Plan administrationAll  

Advisor and TPA supportAll  

Plan Advisor Resource CenterAll  










Our approach

Leaders of small and mid-sized businesses have multiple roles and competing priorities. You want a best-in-class retirement plan but may be unsure about all the complexities and requirements. You may be uncertain about the costs and fees involved. You need a provider focused solely on retirement and aligned with your needs and goals—and fully committed to you, your participants, and the ongoing improvement of retirement investing.

Vanguard is committed to the retirement business and is a leader in the retirement plan industry. Best of all, you can benefit from Vanguard's unique ownership structure: We're owned by our clients and not by outside investors or stockholders. That means you never need to question whose interests come first for us. This approach serves as a foundation for all that we do with Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™, our 401(k) offer for small and mid-sized plans. You can count on our expertise to remove the uncertainties from managing your plan and our leadership to help you offer a strong plan for your participants. 



Key benefits




You can:

Have confidence in your plan.
Understand your costs.
Focus on your business.





Cost-conscious?
As a business owner and plan fiduciary, you want to eliminate ambiguity in retirement plan costs. Research has shown that plan costs for the smaller end of the market tend to be higher, and you need a retirement plan provider that not only provides transparent pricing but has a fair and reasonable cost structure.1
With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access:

You receive an All-in Fee Report that shows the total cost of your plan.
You have access to low-cost Vanguard index funds, plus the opportunity to choose from among more than 12,000 non-Vanguard funds.
Your annual recordkeeping price is based on a per-participant fee—a fee that doesn't jump as your assets grow, as with many small to mid-sized retirement plans.
You have flexibility in how you cover your plan costs—including a recordkeeping credit depending on the share class selected.




Too busy?
 As a business owner, you're pressed for time and focused on many aspects of business. With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access, you can rely on high-quality recordkeeping and administration to ease your administrative burden and help your employees stay on track for retirement.


1 Source: Investment Company Institute, 2014. 

















Contact us
  888-684-401K
  Email






Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
 We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.

Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart
















Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
            We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.


Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart































































Vanguard - Nonprofit services: Advisory services                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Nonprofit








 Understanding your needs 
 Advisory services 
 Your Vanguard team 
 Nonprofit resource center








Select Understanding your needsAll  

Advisory servicesAll  

Your Vanguard teamAll  

Nonprofit resource centerAll  










Advisory services
Many organizations like yours find it challenging to oversee their portfolio while also managing the day-to-day responsibilities of running their endowment, foundation, or charitable organization. But partnering with a provider who understands your needs can help you better balance these competing priorities.
Partnering with your organization
Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services® (VIAS) offers nonprofits the considerable resources of a large investment firm like Vanguard with the customized service of a specialized boutique. When your organization partners with VIAS, you work with a team of investment professionals that has your objectives and fiduciary responsibilities in mind. VIAS strives to:

Understand your organization's mission, spending needs, and unique situation and offer sophisticated, unbiased advice.
Develop a low-cost portfolio customized to your organization's needs.
Relieve your staff of many of the day-to-day burdens of investment program management.

OCIO: One service, many names


One approach nonprofits are increasingly considering is an outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO). An OCIO service—which is a key offering of Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services—acts as an extension of the board and investment staff. The OCIO determines an asset allocation strategy, selects investment advisors to implement it, and manages its operation and execution. Investment providers and clients call this service a variety of names, including discretionary management, advisory services, and investment management.





Investing and advising
Optimizing your portfolio to meet your long-term investment objectives requires time and skill. VIAS helps you develop a tailored portfolio that ensures your investments are diversified, risk-appropriate, and aligned with your overall strategy.
Our comprehensive advisory services include:









Portfolio construction 

Asset allocation analysis that uses a distinct, proprietary model to deliver solutions based on your portfolio needs.
Investment policy consulting designed to meet the unique investment goals of your organization.
Customized product selection that focuses on low-cost index and active investments.











Portfolio management

Performance reporting to help keep your investment committee informed.
Investment reviews that provide insights into your portfolio and the broader market and economic environment.
Steadfast commitment to risk management and process excellence through ongoing portfolio monitoring and rebalancing.








Research & expertise

Investment expertise and commentary on financial issues that provide context for your decision-making.
Investment committee best practices that are designed to increase your group's effectiveness.





Notes:

Advice services offered through Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services are provided by Vanguard Advisers, Inc., a registered investment advisor.
All investments are subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. 
Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market. 

















Contact us
  888-888-7064
  Email







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 











Contact us
  888-888-7064
  E-mail







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 



































































































Insights from Vanguard™

































 






































 
























Vanguard - DB plans: Helping you balance priorities                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Defined Benefit








 Managing pension risk 
 Advisory services 
 Sponsor support 
 Your Vanguard team 
 Defined benefit resource center








Select Managing pension riskAll  

Advisory servicesAll  

Sponsor supportAll  

Your Vanguard teamAll  

Defined benefit resource centerAll  










Advisory services
Many DB plan sponsors find it challenging to oversee plan portfolios while also managing other day-to-day responsibilities for their organizations. But partnering with a provider who understands your needs can help you better balance these competing priorities.
Partnering with your organization
Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services® (VIAS) offers DB plan sponsors the considerable resources of a large investment firm like Vanguard with the customized service of a specialized boutique. When your organization partners with VIAS, you work with a team of investment professionals that has your plan and organization objectives and fiduciary responsibilities in mind.
OCIO: One service, many names


One approach defined benefit plans are increasingly considering is an outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO). An OCIO service—which is a key offering of Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services—acts as an extension of the board and investment staff. The OCIO determines an asset allocation strategy, selects investment advisors to implement it, and manages its operation and execution. Investment providers and clients call this service a variety of names, including discretionary management, advisory services, and investment management.





Optimizing your portfolio to meet your short- and long-term goals
Whether your DB plan is open or frozen, underfunded or approaching full funding, or if plan termination is a possibility, VIAS will help you develop a tailored portfolio that ensures your plan investments are risk-appropriate, designed to achieve and maintain full funding, and aligned with your overall strategy. It does this by: 
Understanding your organization, your plan objectives, and your obligations. 
Developing a dynamic investment policy statement that identifies appropriate asset allocation strategies, including funded status triggers, to change the allocation to preserve gains in DB plan funded status.
Based on a proven investment philosophy, constructing a portfolio glide path to full funding and implementing that strategy.
Selecting the best investment minds to manage your portfolio.
Providing ongoing oversight, consultation, and reporting. 

Our comprehensive advisory services include:









Portfolio construction 

Asset-liability modeling—or ALM—to assess your plan's strategic asset allocation relative to its liability.
Investment policy consulting that sets your plan on a path to full funding.
Product selection that focuses on low-cost investments.











Portfolio management

Performance reporting to help keep your investment committee informed.
Investment reviews that provide insightsinto your DB portfolio and the broader market and economic environment.
Daily funded status monitor that flags funded status changes or when a trigger spelled out in our dynamic investment policy statement has been reached to change the asset allocation according to the plan's glide path.








Research & expertise

Investment expertise and commentary on financial issues that provide context for your decision-making.
Investment committee best practices that are designed to increase your group's effectiveness. 





Notes:

Advice services offered through Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services are provided by Vanguard Advisers, Inc., a registered investment advisor.
All investments are subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. 
















Contact us
  800-523-1036
  Email

Request information (RFI)







































Montgomery Investment Management

























Firm History
About Us
Leadership



Investment Philosophy
Competitive Advantage
Strategy
Process
Analysis
Portfolio Construction



Contact













Login:

Password:Forgot Password?

 I agree with Terms of UseRequest Access
I understand, accept and agree to the Terms of Use in its entirety. I also acknowledge that I received a password from and I am authorized by Montgomery Investment Management to access this website.







Family office team with a sharedfocus on discovering value
SEC Registered InvestmentAdvisor since 1987


Competitive Advantages
We have a diversity of ideas and beliefs which tests our assumptions and drives our method of investing. We use long term investment strategies.



Our Strategy
We seek out companies that are well managed, as evidenced by sustained high return on invested capital, that are attractively priced.








Firm History
About Us
Leadership


Investment Philosophy
Competitive Advantage
Strategy
Process
Analysis
Portfolio Construction


Contact
Summary of Terms
Regulatory Information


Contact Us
							6229 Executive Blvd.
							Rockville, MD. 20852
							(301) 897-9700
Laura@miminvest.com





					&copy2017 Montgomery Investment Management Inc. All rights reserved.	
					








Montgomery Investment Management Inc                                                                                     - Bethesda                                          , MD         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MD



Bethesda



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            Montgomery Investment Management Inc
                                    



 





















M 


Montgomery Investment Management Inc                                                                                    
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



6550 ROCK SPRING DR FL 7 BETHESDA, MD 20817
Get Directions



(301) 897-9783
www.miminvest.com                                                                                       





Business Info



 Founded 1987
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $980,000.00
 Employee Count 8
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts Calvin Koonce                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1987, Montgomery Investment Management Inc                                                                                     has been providing Management Investment, Open-end from Bethesda. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Montgomery Investment Management Inc. | Wealthminder











































Montgomery Investment Management Inc.


Montgomery Investment Management Inc.
(CRD# 105417) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Rockville, MD.
They
manage $206,869,559 in 137 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 8 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Montgomery Investment Management Inc.




6229 Executive Blvd,
Rockville,
MD
20852
301-897-9700
http://www.miminvest.com




http://www.miminvest.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

207
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

137
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$1,509,997







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AL, CA, FL, GA, MD, NC, VA, VI






Financial Advisors at Montgomery Investment Management Inc.




Showing 1 - 3 of 3 top financial advisors.





1















Joel F. Conn



CRD#:
2353159



1950 Stonegate Drive, Ste 335,
Birmingham,
AL
35242




93

Wealthminder
score








Joel Conn (CRD# 2353159) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Montgomery Investment Management Inc. in Birmingham, AL and has 
over 23 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Franklin S. Koonce



CRD#:
2510250



6229 Executive Blvd,
Rockville,
MD
20852




93

Wealthminder
score








Franklin Koonce (CRD# 2510250) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Montgomery Investment Management Inc. in Rockville, MD and has 
over 22 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Calvin S. Koonce



CRD#:
706385



6229 Executive Blvd,
Rockville,
MD
20852




73

Wealthminder
score








Calvin Koonce (CRD# 706385) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Montgomery Investment Management Inc. in Rockville, MD and has 
over 36 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now





















Montgomery Investment Management
























Skip to Content
Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display





Montgomery Investment Management







close







		A unique, focused approach.
Entirely dedicated to outcomes for our investors, the office of Montgomery Investment Management combines twelve decades of experience, and unique business and investing insights, with a focused approach to selecting quality domestic and global companies.
Having delivered a superior track record of returns and capital preservation, investors also benefit from an emphasis on transparency and communication, and a dedication to long‐term relationships.
Montgomery is owned by its staff who are also investors in the funds.”


Play Video Learn More



WINNER - MONEY MANAGEMENT
Emerging Fund Manager of the Year
Read More


 




Play
ROGER MONTGOMERY Chairman and Chief Investment Officer

 



Play










Domestic Funds > 



 The Montgomery Fund 
 Investing in shares of Australian and New Zealand businesses with a minimum of $25,000 to invest.
	 
 
 Learn More  


 Montgomery Alpha Plus Fund 
 A market neutral fund investing in companies listed on the Australian and New Zealand exchanges and seeking to deliver positive returns in both rising and falling markets with a minimum investment of $50,000.
 
 Learn More  


 Montgomery [Private] Fund 
 A wholesale Australian equities fund with a $1,000,000 minimum initial investment. Entry is by invitation or referral only.
 
 Learn More  

 

Global Funds > 



 Montgomery  Global  Fund  
 Investing in global growth and income opportunities with a minimum of $25,000 to invest.
	 
 
 Learn More  


 Montaka  Global  Access  Fund  
 The Montaka Global Access Fund invests in the wholesale-only Montaka Global Fund. Minimum initial investment of $50,000.
 
 Learn More  

 


Most Recent Unit Price
This is a forward pricing fund, the price you receive is based on close of market prices. 



 The  Montgomery  Fund  
  

Buy
1.4104


Redeem
1.4033


Mid
1.4069


  


 Montgomery  [Private]  Fund  
  

Buy
1.2120


Redeem
1.2059


Mid
1.2089


  


 Montgomery  Global  Fund  
  

Buy
1.0846


Redeem
1.0792


Mid
1.0819


  


 Montaka  Global  Access  Fund  
  

Buy
1.0055


Redeem
1.0055


Mid
1.0055


  

 




Back to top













Montgomery Investment Management Inc | Email CEO @miminvest.com CFO 

















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL





















































 




                    Montgomery Investment Management Inc





miminvest.com





6229 EXECUTIVE BLVD                 
                 
North Bethesda, MD 20852
Phone: 301-897-9700
Fax: 301-770-0005









 














Type:

                    Private                
Employees:

< 5

Revenue: 

500k - 1 Million

Industry:  
                    Finance->Other Investment Firms                
SIC Code:  
                     6211  - Security Brokers and Dealers
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











Show All Fashion Design and Production
Financial Risk Management
Hardware
IDE
Investment Management
Job Board
Mental Health
Productivity
Programming Languages








Schools



Schools
                                       No Description Available 
                                        


Investor



Investor
                                       No Description Available 
                                        


ARM 



ARM 
                                       No Description Available 
                                        


Sign up to see all












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








Show All Analytics
eCommerce
OS










Google Analytics
Google Analytics shows you the full customer picture across ads and videos, websites and social tools, tablets and smartphones. That makes it easier to serve your current customers and win new ones.






AspDotNetStorefront
                                       No Description Available 
                                        





Android
Official site provides information for users, developers and partners. Includes press releases, videos, screenshots and downloads. 



Sign up to see all













Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND







NO PRESS EVENTS







Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data











                                        Calvin Koonce                                    

Title: President /Managing Director








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Laura Murphy                                    

Title: VP








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Elaine Schuler                                    

Title: VP








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Scott Koonce                                    

Title: Managing Director/Treasurer 








Free Trial For Email


Finance

export









                                        Joel Conn                                    

Title: Managing Director








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export








Showing 1 to 
                5                                

                                    of 5 entries            









 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS

















Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
Montgomery Investment Management Inc, is in the Other investment firms industry. Their main office can be found in North Bethesda, MD, and they can be contacted through Montgomery Investment Management Inc email using the domain @miminvest.com format, some important contact information like linkedin data, phone numbers, contacts for cfos, etc of which can be found on their Lead411 profile.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@miminvest.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Similar Companies:
Clark Enterprises, Inc.
Clark Enterprises, Inc., a business led by CEO , is part of the Other investment firms industry. Clark Enterprises, Inc. email  with the @clarkenterprisesinc.com format, you can check their Lead411 profile. They hold their main office in Bethesda, MD and more data like cfo contacts and linkedin data can be found within our profiles.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@clarkenterprisesinc.com addresses.
Landmark Parking Inc
Have you been searching for Landmark Parking Inc's contact information for hours? Have you been trying to find Landmark Parking Inc's domain format email  addresses?. Landmark Parking Inc is a Other investment firms and is based in Baltimore, MD and more information like linkedin facts, phone numbers, cfo executives and facebook profiles can be found within the Lead411 profile.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@landmarkparking.com addresses.
The Crawford Group, Inc
This includes The Crawford Group, Inc email format addresses with the @thecrawfordgroup.com domain, contacts, phone numbers, linkedin info, cfo employees, and facebook profiles. The Crawford Group, Inc is a Other investment firms business with its headquarters based in Clinton, MD.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@thecrawfordgroup.com addresses.




Company Directory > Montgomery Investment Management Inc































 









Montgomery Investment Management Inc. Reduces Stake in General Mills, Inc. (NYSE:GIS) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















General Mills Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Mills Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:KTOS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold					

Evoke Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:EVOK) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Hold					

ValuEngine Lowers Burcon NutraScience Corp (NASDAQ:BUR) to Strong Sell					

Vetr Inc. Downgrades AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) to Hold					

$740.96 Million in Sales Expected for MSC Industrial Direct Company, Inc. (NYSE:MSM) This Quarter					

Peel Hunt Raises IQE plc (IQE) Price Target to GBX 105					

Nordic American Tankers Limited (NAT) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research					

Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (OLBK) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research					

Talktalk Telecom Group PLC (TALK) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Royal Bank Of Canada					

Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Earns “Neutral” Rating from J P Morgan Chase & Co					

DAVIDsTEA Inc. (NASDAQ:DTEA) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy”					

SPS Commerce, Inc. (SPSC) Now Covered by CIBC					

Exterran Corporation (EXTN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold					

TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) vs. Dollar Tree (NASDAQ:DLTR) Head-To-Head Comparison					

Financial Analysis: CBRE Group (CBG) vs. SouFun Holdings Limited (NYSE:SFUN)					

Head to Head Contrast: Organovo Holdings (ONVO) & Asterias Biotherapeutics (NYSE:AST)					

Headwaters (NYSE:HW) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows					

Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:IONS) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $83.59 Million					

Analysts Expect Allegion PLC (NYSE:ALLE) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $613.37 Million					

Western Gas Equity Partners, LP (WGP) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy					





 





						Montgomery Investment Management Inc. Reduces Stake in General Mills, Inc. (NYSE:GIS)					

						 July 6th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Latisha Jones 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Montgomery Investment Management Inc. reduced its stake in shares of  General Mills, Inc. (NYSE:GIS) by 0.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 278,740 shares of the company’s stock after selling 755 shares during the period. General Mills makes up  approximately  7.1% of Montgomery Investment Management Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 2nd largest position. Montgomery Investment Management Inc.’s holdings in General Mills were worth $16,448,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in GIS. First Republic Investment Management Inc. raised its stake in  General Mills by 8.1% in the fourth quarter. First Republic Investment Management Inc. now owns 67,735 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,184,000 after buying an additional 5,061 shares in the last quarter.  Intact Investment Management Inc. raised its stake in  General Mills by 16.5% in the fourth quarter. Intact Investment Management Inc. now owns 57,100 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,527,000 after buying an additional 8,100 shares in the last quarter.  Scotia Capital Inc. raised its stake in  General Mills by 33.2% in the fourth quarter. Scotia Capital Inc. now owns 54,264 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,354,000 after buying an additional 13,539 shares in the last quarter.  Zurich Insurance Group Ltd FI raised its stake in  General Mills by 40.4% in the fourth quarter. Zurich Insurance Group Ltd FI now owns 106,006 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,548,000 after buying an additional 30,529 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Envestnet Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in  General Mills by 1.5% in the fourth quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 123,031 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,601,000 after buying an additional 1,779 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  70.51% of the company’s stock. 
General Mills, Inc. (GIS) opened at 54.81 on Thursday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $56.80 and its 200 day moving average is $59.47. General Mills, Inc. has a one year low of $54.81 and a one year high of $72.95. The firm has a market capitalization of $31.63 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.79 and a beta of 0.61. 




General Mills (NYSE:GIS) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, June 28th. The company reported $0.73 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.71 by $0.02. General Mills had a net margin of 10.61% and a return on equity of 38.97%. The business had revenue of $3.81 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.75 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.66 earnings per share. General Mills’s revenue was down 3.1% compared to the same quarter last year.  Analysts forecast that  General Mills, Inc. will post $3.11 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 1st. Investors of record on Monday, July 10th will be given a dividend of $0.49 per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, July 6th. This represents a $1.96 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.58%. This is a positive change from General Mills’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. General Mills’s payout ratio is 69.31%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Montgomery Investment Management Inc. Reduces Stake in General Mills, Inc. (NYSE:GIS)” was first  published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/06/montgomery-investment-management-inc-reduces-stake-in-general-mills-inc-nysegis.html. 
Several analysts have recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of General Mills from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reissued a “hold” rating on shares of General Mills in a research note on Sunday, March 12th. Sanford C. Bernstein downgraded shares of General Mills from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $52.00 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Stifel Nicolaus downgraded shares of General Mills from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and reduced their price objective for the company from $67.00 to $60.00 in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, BMO Capital Markets  reissued a “hold” rating and set a $67.00 price objective on shares of General Mills in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned  a hold rating and three have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. General Mills presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $61.40.
In related news, insider Jonathon Nudi bought 1,800 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 12th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $57.45 per share, with a total value of $103,410.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 34,077 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,957,723.65. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Insiders own  1.30% of the company’s stock. 
About General Mills
General Mills, Inc is a manufacturer and marketer of branded consumer foods sold through retail stores. The Company is a supplier of branded and unbranded food products to the North American foodservice and commercial baking industries. The Company has three segments: U.S. Retail, International, and Convenience Stores and Foodservice.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GIS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for General Mills, Inc. (NYSE:GIS).






Receive News & Ratings for General Mills Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Mills Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 






























































Montgomery Investment Management, Inc.












































 















The Money Manager People TM














Money Manager Performance Research Center

















< Research another Money Manager

Performance, Research and Ranking for Montgomery Investment Management, Inc., Updated 6/30/2017









































Money Manager Reports Include:

Performance Annually
Risk Reward Analysis
Money Manager Review
Money Manager Ranking









Here's how it works:

Fill in the form on this page.
We'll research our database.
Our Wealth Managers will prepare your requested reports and maybe a few additional ones.
Your Money Manager Reports will be delivered to you by email.











Request your FREE Reports










Or call one of our Wealth Managers for more detailed information 
(800) 541-7774Your information is secure. 















In the meantime, here's some basic information about Montgomery Investment Management, Inc.

Company Information:Name:Montgomery Investment Management, Inc.Address:6550 Rock Spring DrSuite 600ABethesda, MD 20817Phone:(301)897-9783(301)897-9794Website:www.miminvest.comCompany Products:MIM Equity


Montgomery Investment Management, Inc. Commentary







< Research another Money Manager











Any money management or investment advisory firms listed on this website are not related entities of WrapManager, Inc. and are listed for convenience and informational purposes only. The listing of a money manager on this website does not imply a solicitation or recommendation of the money manager. WrapManager, Inc. is responsible only for the content of this website and it has no control over other websites that may be accessible from this website, the contents therein or the products/services offered by third parties. Hyperlinks to or from this website do not constitute third party endorsement of, sponsorship by or affiliation with WrapManager, Inc.
 







 



Important Disclosure | Privacy Policy  WrapManager, Inc., 703 Market Street, 18th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103 (800) 541-7774 toll-free  | (415) 541-9760 fax | Click to email us © 2017 WrapManager, Inc. All Rights Reserved. WrapManager is an SEC-registered investment adviser.  (1) qualified investors are those with $500K or more in investable assets









































Montgomery Investment Management Inc. Raises Stake in CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF) – Momentous News




























Skip to content




Momentous News

The Most Important News Online



Menu











June 6, 2017
HomeCompany News & Financial SectorMontgomery Investment Management Inc. Raises Stake in CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF)


Montgomery Investment Management Inc. Raises Stake in CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF)



By Rosalyn Hughes
Company News & Financial Sector
 0 Comments










Montgomery Investment Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of  CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:CF) by 5.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 89,655 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after buying an additional 4,440 shares during the period. CF Industries Holdings accounts for about  1.1% of Montgomery Investment Management Inc.’s portfolio, making the stock its 28th largest position. Montgomery Investment Management Inc.’s holdings in CF Industries Holdings were worth $2,632,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of CF. American International Group Inc. boosted its position in  CF Industries Holdings by 37.0% in the third quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 144,376 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $3,516,000 after buying an additional 38,962 shares in the last quarter.  Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan boosted its position in  CF Industries Holdings by 0.5% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 11,100 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $270,000 after buying an additional 50 shares in the last quarter.  Tahithromos L.L.C. boosted its position in  CF Industries Holdings by 105.6% in the third quarter. Tahithromos L.L.C. now owns 182,879 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $4,453,000 after buying an additional 93,929 shares in the last quarter.  Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in  CF Industries Holdings by 461.6% in the third quarter. Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC now owns 96,480 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $2,349,000 after buying an additional 79,300 shares during the period.  Finally, North Point Portfolio Managers Corp OH boosted its stake in  CF Industries Holdings by 0.9% in the third quarter. North Point Portfolio Managers Corp OH now owns 187,716 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $4,571,000 after buying an additional 1,764 shares during the period. 99.75% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 
                  Get CF Industries Holdings Inc. alerts:               

CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (NYSE CF) traded down 0.23% on Tuesday, hitting $26.22. 1,636,749 shares of the stock were exchanged. CF Industries Holdings, Inc. has a 12 month low of $20.77 and a 12 month high of $37.17. The company has a 50-day moving average of $27.30 and a 200 day moving average of $30.31. The firm’s market cap is $6.11 billion. 







CF Industries Holdings (NYSE:CF) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The basic materials company reported $0.05 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.09 by $0.04. The company had revenue of $1.04 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $988.56 million. CF Industries Holdings had a return on equity of 5.94% and a net margin of 1.77%. The business’s revenue was up 3.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.40 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts expect that  CF Industries Holdings, Inc. will post ($0.17) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, May 31st. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 15th were given a dividend of $0.30 per share. This represents a $1.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 4.57%. The ex-dividend date  was Thursday, May 11th. CF Industries Holdings’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 413.79%. 
 ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was  published by Transcript Daily and is the sole property of of Transcript Daily. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at https://transcriptdaily.com/2017/06/06/montgomery-investment-management-inc-buys-4440-shares-of-cf-industries-holdings-inc-cf-updated-updated.html.  
A number of equities research analysts recently commented on CF shares. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised shares of CF Industries Holdings from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $36.00 price target on the stock in a report on Monday, March 20th. Credit Suisse Group AG  set a $39.00 price target on shares of CF Industries Holdings and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, February 16th. BMO Capital Markets  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $38.00 price target on shares of CF Industries Holdings in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. Citigroup Inc raised shares of CF Industries Holdings from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, May 8th. Finally, Barclays PLC  reiterated an “equal weight” rating and issued a $32.00 price objective (down from $34.00) on shares of CF Industries Holdings in a research note on Saturday, April 22nd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating, five have assigned  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $31.92.
About CF Industries Holdings
CF Industries Holdings, Inc manufactures and distributes nitrogen fertilizer, and other nitrogen products. The Company’s nitrogen fertilizer products are ammonia, granular urea, urea ammonium nitrate solution (UAN) and ammonium nitrate (AN). Its other nitrogen products include diesel exhaust fluid (DEF), urea liquor, nitric acid and aqua ammonia, which are sold primarily to the Company’s industrial customers, and compound fertilizer products (nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium or NPKs).
Receive News & Ratings for CF Industries Holdings Inc. Daily – Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CF Industries Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.
 




Related Posts 





First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) Upgraded to “Outperform” at JMP Securities









Airain ltd Acquires New Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG)









Camden National Corporation (CAC) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.38



 


About Author
 Rosalyn Hughes







Add a Comment Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment:*Name:*
Email Address:*
Website:
 

 











 


TagsAbitibiBowater
AGCO Corporation
Annual International Monetary Fund Meeting
Apple
Athabasca Oil
Burberry
Casey’s General Stores
Casey’s General Stores Sales
Cencosud
Citigroup
Descartes Systems Group
Electronic Arts
Finisar
Fortinet
GENIVAR
Global
Global Stock
Global Stocks
Global Stocks Fall
Harley Davidson
HD Supply
IAMGOLD
Interpublic
Johnson Controls
Masimo
PG&E
PG&E Earnings Growth
Portugal Telecom
Ringgit
Rocket Internet
Solera Holdings
SPX
SPX Earnings
TD Ameritrade
Tilly
Vodafone
Webster
Windstream
WNS
WNS Growth
 

 









500 Internal Server Error

Internal Server Error
The server encountered an internal error or
misconfiguration and was unable to complete
your request.
Please contact the server administrator,
 webmaster@momentousnews.geekinfinite.com and inform them of the time the error occurred,
and anything you might have done that may have
caused the error.
More information about this error may be available
in the server error log.
Additionally, a 500 Internal Server Error
error was encountered while trying to use an ErrorDocument to handle the request.




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















Institutional home



















































Vanguard - DC Small/Mid Services: Our approach                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Defined ContributionSmall/Mid plans (startup to $20M+)








 Our approach 
 Sponsor support 
 Participant experience 
 Plan administration 
 Advisor and TPA support 
 Plan Advisor Resource Center








Select Our approachAll  

Sponsor supportAll  

Participant experienceAll  

Plan administrationAll  

Advisor and TPA supportAll  

Plan Advisor Resource CenterAll  










Our approach

Leaders of small and mid-sized businesses have multiple roles and competing priorities. You want a best-in-class retirement plan but may be unsure about all the complexities and requirements. You may be uncertain about the costs and fees involved. You need a provider focused solely on retirement and aligned with your needs and goals—and fully committed to you, your participants, and the ongoing improvement of retirement investing.

Vanguard is committed to the retirement business and is a leader in the retirement plan industry. Best of all, you can benefit from Vanguard's unique ownership structure: We're owned by our clients and not by outside investors or stockholders. That means you never need to question whose interests come first for us. This approach serves as a foundation for all that we do with Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™, our 401(k) offer for small and mid-sized plans. You can count on our expertise to remove the uncertainties from managing your plan and our leadership to help you offer a strong plan for your participants. 



Key benefits




You can:

Have confidence in your plan.
Understand your costs.
Focus on your business.





Cost-conscious?
As a business owner and plan fiduciary, you want to eliminate ambiguity in retirement plan costs. Research has shown that plan costs for the smaller end of the market tend to be higher, and you need a retirement plan provider that not only provides transparent pricing but has a fair and reasonable cost structure.1
With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access:

You receive an All-in Fee Report that shows the total cost of your plan.
You have access to low-cost Vanguard index funds, plus the opportunity to choose from among more than 12,000 non-Vanguard funds.
Your annual recordkeeping price is based on a per-participant fee—a fee that doesn't jump as your assets grow, as with many small to mid-sized retirement plans.
You have flexibility in how you cover your plan costs—including a recordkeeping credit depending on the share class selected.




Too busy?
 As a business owner, you're pressed for time and focused on many aspects of business. With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access, you can rely on high-quality recordkeeping and administration to ease your administrative burden and help your employees stay on track for retirement.


1 Source: Investment Company Institute, 2014. 

















Contact us
  888-684-401K
  Email






Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
 We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.

Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart
















Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
            We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.


Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart




































































































Insights from Vanguard™

































 






































 
























Vanguard - Nonprofit services: Advisory services                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Nonprofit








 Understanding your needs 
 Advisory services 
 Your Vanguard team 
 Nonprofit resource center








Select Understanding your needsAll  

Advisory servicesAll  

Your Vanguard teamAll  

Nonprofit resource centerAll  










Advisory services
Many organizations like yours find it challenging to oversee their portfolio while also managing the day-to-day responsibilities of running their endowment, foundation, or charitable organization. But partnering with a provider who understands your needs can help you better balance these competing priorities.
Partnering with your organization
Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services® (VIAS) offers nonprofits the considerable resources of a large investment firm like Vanguard with the customized service of a specialized boutique. When your organization partners with VIAS, you work with a team of investment professionals that has your objectives and fiduciary responsibilities in mind. VIAS strives to:

Understand your organization's mission, spending needs, and unique situation and offer sophisticated, unbiased advice.
Develop a low-cost portfolio customized to your organization's needs.
Relieve your staff of many of the day-to-day burdens of investment program management.

OCIO: One service, many names


One approach nonprofits are increasingly considering is an outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO). An OCIO service—which is a key offering of Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services—acts as an extension of the board and investment staff. The OCIO determines an asset allocation strategy, selects investment advisors to implement it, and manages its operation and execution. Investment providers and clients call this service a variety of names, including discretionary management, advisory services, and investment management.





Investing and advising
Optimizing your portfolio to meet your long-term investment objectives requires time and skill. VIAS helps you develop a tailored portfolio that ensures your investments are diversified, risk-appropriate, and aligned with your overall strategy.
Our comprehensive advisory services include:









Portfolio construction 

Asset allocation analysis that uses a distinct, proprietary model to deliver solutions based on your portfolio needs.
Investment policy consulting designed to meet the unique investment goals of your organization.
Customized product selection that focuses on low-cost index and active investments.











Portfolio management

Performance reporting to help keep your investment committee informed.
Investment reviews that provide insights into your portfolio and the broader market and economic environment.
Steadfast commitment to risk management and process excellence through ongoing portfolio monitoring and rebalancing.








Research & expertise

Investment expertise and commentary on financial issues that provide context for your decision-making.
Investment committee best practices that are designed to increase your group's effectiveness.





Notes:

Advice services offered through Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services are provided by Vanguard Advisers, Inc., a registered investment advisor.
All investments are subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. 
Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market. 

















Contact us
  888-888-7064
  Email







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 











Contact us
  888-888-7064
  E-mail







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 











































Montgomery Investment Management

























Firm History
About Us
Leadership



Investment Philosophy
Competitive Advantage
Strategy
Process
Analysis
Portfolio Construction



Contact













Login:

Password:Forgot Password?

 I agree with Terms of UseRequest Access
I understand, accept and agree to the Terms of Use in its entirety. I also acknowledge that I received a password from and I am authorized by Montgomery Investment Management to access this website.







Family office team with a sharedfocus on discovering value
SEC Registered InvestmentAdvisor since 1987


Competitive Advantages
We have a diversity of ideas and beliefs which tests our assumptions and drives our method of investing. We use long term investment strategies.



Our Strategy
We seek out companies that are well managed, as evidenced by sustained high return on invested capital, that are attractively priced.








Firm History
About Us
Leadership


Investment Philosophy
Competitive Advantage
Strategy
Process
Analysis
Portfolio Construction


Contact
Summary of Terms
Regulatory Information


Contact Us
							6229 Executive Blvd.
							Rockville, MD. 20852
							(301) 897-9700
Laura@miminvest.com





					&copy2017 Montgomery Investment Management Inc. All rights reserved.	
					



















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


