



MONTEREY CAPITAL III S.A R.L., Luxembourg: full info on MONTEREY CAPITAL... : Editus























































Nearby








Search local. Find local.








Editus.lu





Habiter.lu





Luxweb.lu





Good-Deals.lu





Emploi





Horoscope





Cinéma





Météo





Culture






FR


LU


DE


EN











Home page

MONTEREY CAPITAL III S.A R.L.




        Print
    


        Save
    


        Share
    










MONTEREY CAPITAL III S.A R.L.



1 Boulevard de la Foire
L-1528
Luxembourg (Lëtzebuerg)





Show number
+352 26 20 23 63



Fax : +352 26 47 82 87









Longitude :
49,610997
Latitude :
6,124232







Enlarge the map
Route
GPS






Particuliers lettre 'M'

MONTEREY CAPITAL III S.A R.L.










                By remaining on this site you accept that cookies be used to improve your user experience.
            

                Find out more
            
Do not show this message again


















Luxembourg directory! Find all the private and professional contacts in... : Editus



















































Editus.lu





Habiter.lu





Luxweb.lu





Good-Deals.lu





Emploi





Horoscope





Cinéma





Météo





Culture






FR


LU


DE


EN









Local search, good deals, book a table...
Make life easy for yourself with Editus





Nearby








Search local. Find local.




 Retrouvez tous  nos bon plans 






























 





            Newsletter -
        

            Get all the breaking good deals and articles!
        

Sign up
        





            OTHER SUGGESTIONS
        



Restaurant




Garage




Banks




Professional insurer




Beauty parlour




Florists




Architects




Taxi




Post office














                            Weather
                            Luxembourg 22°





                            5 minutes
                            Actualités





                            Jobs
                            with Moovijob





                            Cinema times
                            Movie of the week





                            My horoscope
                            Aries





                            Emergency services
                            Emergency





                            Traffic news
                            All cameras



back
forward






The day's horoscope
for jeudi 27 juillet 2017

Aries
            21 mars - 20 avril
        


Love 
There will be an opportunity for love today that develops through a work relationship. Be careful that this person isn't already involved.


Work
Today is the time to start thinking about creating a business of your own. Make a fresh start and focus on original and creative thinking.


Money
Today be careful, you may be tempted to impress your mate by spending more than you should. This could cause serious financial problems.


Life/Leisure
You could be growing a little weary of the same old routine and might really be ready for a few new experiences right now.


        Check out your full horoscope
    





                    Aries
                





                    Taurus
                





                    Gemini
                





                    Cancer
                





                    Leo
                





                    Virgo
                





                    Libra
                





                    Scorpio
                




                Sagittarius
            




                    Capricorn
                





                    Aquarius
                





                    Pisces
                






Nouveaux







mercredi 26 juillet 2017 10:00
Information RTL - Incendies dans le sud de la France: La résidence de la famille grand-ducale évacuée
Selon des informations de RTL, la résidence d'été de la famille grand-ducale dans...









mercredi 26 juillet 2017 09:29
Pollution au crassier de Florange: Aucun acide pur déversé selon l'enquête interne d'ArcelorMittal
Moins d'un mois après les accusations de pollution à l'acide au crassier de Marspich,...









mardi 25 juillet 2017 16:55
Ministre de la Justice: Braz en faveur d'une interdiction de voyager pour les pédophiles
Le ministre de la Justice, Félix Braz, s'est montré plutôt réceptif à l'idée d'un...






Les plus lus







Météo du jour
for jeudi 27 juillet 2017





                Min. : 13°
                Max. : 22°
            


Sunrise : 06:00

Sunset : 21:24




                Wind moderate
                West
            


                Rainfall :
                45 %
            




                Check the forecast for the next 5 days
            









14°





22°





20°





14°







13°





20°





18°





12°







15°





22°





21°





14°







16°





24°





22°





15°







15°





22°





21°





14°







14°





21°





20°





13°







14°





21°





20°





13°







17°





24°





22°





16°







17°





24°





22°





16°







17°





24°





22°





16°







14°





22°





20°





14°







16°





23°





21°





15°







16°





23°





21°





15°



                13° / 21°
            

                15° / 24°
            

                15° / 24°
            



Morning


Afternoon


Evening


Night








Weather Luxembourg




Weather Esch-sur-Alzette




Weather Differdange




Weather Dudelange




Weather Ettelbruck




Voir toutes les villes







Emergency call numbers
for jeudi 27 juillet 2017


Duty pharmacies
The Duty Pharmacy service starts at 08:00 and ends at 08:00 the next day.



            See all duty pharmacies today
        


Emergency numbers




                        112
                    

                        Fire brigadeAmbulance
                    





                        113
                    

                         Grand Duchy police emergency numbers
                    





Useful numbers



Help number




Duty pharmacies




Hospital and 24 hour clinics




Emergency information




Doctors




            More useful numbers
        





The day's traffic news
for jeudi 27 juillet 2017


Traffic cameras














A1 Luxembourg - Trèves




A3 Luxembourg - Metz




A4 Hollerich - Esch/Alzette




A6 Gasperich - Arlon




A7 Grunewald - Nord




A13 Longwy - Saarbruck





Speed trap controls in Luxembourg
Every day the police publish some of the locations where they will be carrying out speed checks. This measure has mainly an incentive purpose, however, the police will also be carrying out checks in areas not mentioned in the list below.


Matin

Kopstal

rue de Mersch


ApresMidi

Leudelange

rue de la Gare


Matin

Luxembourg

rue Borschette


ApresMidi

Mersch

rue de Gosseldange


ApresMidi

Mondorf

Avenue Marie-Adelaide


Matin

Wiltz/Schumann

N 26




                All speed traps in the country
            



Parking guide


Centre

Free
                        975
                    

Capacity
                        2257
                    



56%






Gare

Free
                        838
                    

Capacity
                        1320
                    



36%






Kirchberg

Free
                        936
                    

Capacity
                        1744
                    



46%






Park and Ride

Free
                        292
                    

Capacity
                        3104
                    



90%











Job offers with Moovijob






Search for job offers in Luxembourg



Toutes les categories
Achat / Transport / Logistique 
  Administration / Secrétariat 
    Agriculture / Chasse / Pêche 
 Architecture / Design 
 Assurances 
  Audit 
  Autre 
  Banque 
Bâtiment / Travaux Publics 
 Beauté / Coiffure / Esthétique 
Bureau d'étude / Ingénierie / Conseil 
 Centre d’appels / Service clients 
    Commerce 
Communication / Marketing / Médias 
Comptabilité / Fiscalité / Contrôle de gestion 
 Droit / Juridique 
 Enseignement / Formation 
 Environnement / Energies 
  Fonction Publique 
 Fonds d'investissements 
Hôtellerie / Restauration 
  Immobilier 
   Industrie 
   Informatique / Multimédia / Télécommunication 
Recrutement / Ressources Humaines 
  Santé 
  Sécurité / Défense 
   Services collectifs, sociaux et personnels 
 Voyage / Tourisme 






Hors agences de recrutement








Movie of the week
Release of jeudi 27 juillet 2017











Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales


                                    Johnny Depp, Javier Bardem, Brenton Thwaites, Kaya Scodelario
                                

                                    Action
                                

Projections
Movie sheet











Wonder Woman


                                    Gal Gadot, Chris Pine, Connie Nielsen, Robin Wright
                                

                                    Action
                                

Projections
Movie sheet











The Boss Baby


                                    Alec Baldwin, Steve Buscemi, Lisa Kudrow, Jimmy Kimmel
                                

                                    Animation / Cartoon
                                

Projections
Movie sheet





                    Other releases this week
                

                    See all the movies on show
                

                    List of cinemas
                










                Les professionnels de votre ville
            


Annuaire localisé 


Luxembourg


Esch-sur-Alzette


Differdange


Dudelange


Ettelbruck


Agence immobilière à Luxembourg ville


Agence immobilière à Differdange


Agence immobilière à Dudelange


Agence immobilière à Esch-sur-Alzette


Professionnel de l'assurance à Luxembourg ville


Professionnel de l'assurance à Differdange


Professionnel de l'assurance à Dudelange


Professionnel de l'assurance à Ettelbruck





                Search for a person
            


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


Find the telephone numbers and addresses of over 100 private individuals in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg








                Editus: your professional directory for Luxembourg can help you with all of your searches
            

                Whether you would like to find an address in the Luxembourg yellow or white pages, we have a professional directory which you can access at all times. We can meet all of your needs, providing you with addresses that can be localised on a plan: a restaurant in Luxembourg, the airport, booking a taxi in Luxembourg or even a discount voucher... make your life easier and enjoy a number of advantages. 
            



                Popular searches
            


Social Security


General practitioners


Specialists in: Gynaecology and obstetrics


ORL


Specialists in: Venereology, dermatology


Design office


Physiotherapists


Real Estate agency


Orthopedics


Real Estate agency


Zahnärzte


Portuguese food


Hospital


Architects


Complementary health insurance


Health insurance and pension funds


Cleaning


Luxembourg


Wedding


Rail transport - Goods


Hairdresser


Specialists in: Ophthalmology







Advertiser news




29 Jun 2017 - 31 Dec 2017
Paramedicus - Soins et aides à domicile
Belvaux

                                Paramedicus évolue !Mise à jour de notre fiche editus.lu et de notre site web ! Retrouvez-y toutes les informations pratiques concernant notre activité et les services que nous vous proposons. Nous sommes également à votre disposition par téléphone.
                            






29 Jun 2017 - 31 Aug 2017
Paramedicus - Soins et aides à domicile
Belvaux

                                Paramedicus recrute !Paramedicus Soins et Aides à domicile recherche :  Infirmier diplômé (m/f) Aide-soignant (m/f) Auxiliaire de vie (m/f) Apprenti adulte secrétariat (m/f)  Envoyez votre candidature par e-mail. Plus d'informations par téléphone au 55 55 92 ou par e-mail.
                            






24 Jul 2017 - 29 Jul 2017
Panorama Bar
Bertrange

                                Suggestions de la semaineSuggestions du Lundi au Vendredi Salade aux St. Jacques poêlés et Pamplemousse 20€ Magret de Canard aux Figues 25€ Suggestions du Samedi Blanquette de Lotte persillée 23€
                            






25 Jul 2017 - 28 Jul 2017
Restaurant BICK-STUFF
Luxembourg

                                Menu du jourMenu du jour à 22.60 € (2 plats au choix 18.60 €) (Uniquement du mardi au vendredi à midi)   Salade aux fruits de mer Ou Tartare d'avocat et aux jambon séché Ou Tagliatelle aux champignons **** Paleron de bœuf, sauce rémoulade, pommes de terre sautées Ou Filet de lieu jaune, fenouil braisé, jus aux moules Ou Foie de veau aux lard croustillant, tomates provençale Ou Nems végétarienne, bouquet de salade verte **** Framboises chaudes, glace vanille Ou Café/Thé gourmand Ou Tarte aux abricots Ou Plateau de fromages affinés de chez David (sup. de 3.00 €)
                            






25 Jul 2017 - 25 Dec 2017
Car Protect Center
Howald

                                POLYDALIl s’agit d’un système de dalles ajourées qui se clipsent entre elles sans outil ni accessoires : 2 cotés male et 2 côtés femelle permettent un assemblage immédiat et à l’infini. Le matériau choisi est le Polypropylène Copolymère, déjà utilisé dans l’aérospatiale, l’automobile, la bagagerie de luxe et recyclable à 100%. Une multitude de personnalisation
                            









                By remaining on this site you accept that cookies be used to improve your user experience.
            

                Find out more
            
Do not show this message again
















 SECGems: Monterey Capital III S.a r.l. 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 Monterey Capital III S.a r.l. 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
2













	 
	
	 1-3 BOULEVARD DE LA FOIRE
	 
	
	
	   LUXEMBOURG, 
	   N4, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 LUXEMBOURG
		
	
	   00352 26 20 23 63    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2016-12-07Monterey Capital III S.a r.l.








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001690951
State of Incorporation
N4
Country of Incorporation
LUXEMBOURG
Fiscal year end
1231










Ownership (Form 3,4,5)# Filings





 Hands Guy (0001691092) 


1




 Terra Firma Holdings Ltd (0001690826) 


1











All related persons/companies# Filings





 AMC ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS, INC. (0001411579) 


2




 Hands Guy (0001691092) 


1




 Terra Firma Holdings Ltd (0001690826) 


1







 








db
 
 










































Monterey Capital II S.a.r.l.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 6:50 PM ET
Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers

Company Overview of Monterey Capital II S.a.r.l.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Monterey Capital II S.a.r.l. is a holding company, which through its subsidiaries, generates renewable power through wind energy. The company was incorporated in 2002 and is headquartered in Luxembourg.


1, Boulevard De La FoireLuxembourg,  1528LuxembourgFounded in 2002



Phone: 352 264 783 79

Fax: 352 264 781 94








Key Executives for Monterey Capital II S.a.r.l.


Monterey Capital II S.a.r.l. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 Alternative Petroleum Technologies Europe CERAC SA Europe CRC Breeze Finance S.A. Europe Donegal Wind Sarl Europe Encevo S.A. Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Monterey Capital II S.a.r.l., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close

































FE Investegate |Terra Firma Inv(GP)2 Announcements | Terra Firma Inv(GP)2: Recommended Acquisition of Infinis by Monterey























We use cookies on our website. If you continue to browse our website without taking any action, we will assume that you are happy to receive all cookies from our website.
Read More Dismiss


Financial Express (Holdings) Limited (“we”, “our”, “us” and derivatives) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms of Use, sets out the basis on which any personal data that we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us relating to your use of any of the below websites (“sites”).

FEAnalytics.com
FEInvest.net
FETransmission.com
Investegate.co.uk
Trustnet.hk
Trustnetoffshore.com
Trustnetmiddleeast.com

For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998, the data controller is Trustnet Limited of 2nd Floor, Golden House, 30 Great Pulteney Street, London, W1F 9NN. Our nominated representative for the purpose of this Act is Kirsty Witter.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?
We collect information about you when you register with us or use any of our websites / services. Part of the registration process may include entering personal details & details of your investments.
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your operating system, browser version, domain name and IP address and details of the website that you came from, in order to improve this site.
You confirm that all information you supply is accurate.
COOKIES
In order to provide personalised services to and analyse site traffic, we may use a cookie file which is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. Some of the cookies we use are essential for the sites to operate and may be used to deliver you different content, depending on the type of investor you are. 
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or part of our sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit our sites.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
We store and use information you provide as follows:

to present content effectively;
to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which may interest you, tailored to your specific interests, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts between you and us;
to enable you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
to notify you about changes to our service;
to improve our content by tracking group information that describes the habits, usage, patterns and demographics of our customers.

We may also send you emails to provide information and keep you up to date with developments on our sites. It is our policy to have instructions on how to unsubscribe so that you will not receive any future e-mails. You can change your e-mail address at any time.
In order to provide support on the usage of our tools, our support team need access to all information provided in relation to the tool.
We will not disclose your name, email address or postal address or any data that could identify you to any third party without first receiving your permission.
However, you agree that we may disclose to any regulatory authority to which we are subject and to any investment exchange on which we may deal or to its related clearing house (or to investigators, inspectors or agents appointed by them), or to any person empowered to require such information by or under any legal enactment, any information they may request or require relating to you, or if relevant, any of your clients.
You agree that we may pass on information obtained under Money Laundering legislation as we consider necessary to comply with reporting requirements under such legislation.
ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION AND CORRECTION
We want to ensure that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information that is inaccurate.
You have the right under data protection legislation to access information held about you. If you wish to receive a copy of any personal information we hold, please write to us at 3rd Floor, Hollywood House, Church Street East, Woking, GU21 6HJ. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, amongst other things, the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing and processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary, including the use of encryption, to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our sites; any transmission is at your own risk. You will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent or in wilful default.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
OTHER WEBSITES
Our sites contain links to other websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
CONTACT
If you want more information or have any questions or comments relating to our privacy policy please email [email protected] in the first instance.







FE Trustnet UK  |  FE Trustnet Offshore  |  FE Trustnet Hong Kong  |  FE Trustnet Middle East  |  FE Analytics  |  FE Fundlistings


 Rss  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Help





 



Company announcements
Company news
FE Trustnet Fundswire







Today's announcements
Most read announcements
Announcements archive
Advanced search





 Email address
 Password
  Register
|
 Login











 Information
 X 


Enter a valid email address


 Show me how to log in	  Forgot password?











Keyword
Company
EPIC/TIDM
SEDOL/ISIN
News
























 
                    Print   
                     
                    Mail a friend
                   
                 
                More announcements





Thursday 22 October, 2015


Terra Firma Inv(GP)2
Recommended Acquisition of Infinis by Monterey

RNS Number : 0666D Terra Firma Investments (GP) 2 Ltd 22 October 2015  
﻿

NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN OR INTO ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION.
22 October 2015
For immediate release
Recommended Cash Acquisition
of
Infinis Energy plc ("Infinis")
by
Monterey Capital II S.à r.l. ("Monterey")
a Terra Firma group company
To be effected by means of a Scheme of Arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006
Summary
·           The board of directors of Monterey and the Infinis Independent Directors are pleased to announce that they have reached agreement on the terms of a recommended cash acquisition by which the entire issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of Infinis that Monterey does not already own will be acquired by Monterey.
·           Monterey currently owns 205,667,740 Infinis Ordinary Shares, representing approximately 68.5 per cent. of the issued ordinary share capital of Infinis.
·           Under the terms of the Acquisition, each Scheme Shareholder will receive 185 pence in cash for each Infinis Ordinary Share, which represents a premium of approximately:
40.4 per cent. to the closing price of 131.75 pence per Infinis Ordinary Share on 21 October 2015 (being the last Business Day before this Announcement); and
38.2 per cent. to the average closing price of 133.86 pence per Infinis Ordinary Share for the one-month period ended 21 October 2015 (being the last Business Day before this Announcement).
·           The Acquisition values Infinis' entire issued and to be issued ordinary share capital at approximately £555 million.
·           It is intended that the Acquisition will be implemented by means of a Court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act.
·           The Infinis Independent Directors, who have been so advised by Barclays Bank PLC, acting through its Investment Bank ("Barclays"), and RBC Capital Markets, as to the financial terms of the Acquisition, consider the terms of the Acquisition to be fair and reasonable. In providing their advice, Barclays and RBC Capital Markets have taken into account the commercial assessments of the Infinis Independent Directors. RBC Capital Markets is providing independent financial advice to the Infinis Independent Directors for the purposes of Rule 3 of the Code.
·           Accordingly, the Infinis Independent Directors have unanimously approved the Acquisition and intend to recommend that Infinis Shareholders vote in favour of the Scheme at the Court Meeting and the resolutions to be proposed at the General Meeting as they have irrevocably undertaken to do in respect of their own beneficial holdings of, in aggregate, 1,002,826 Infinis Ordinary Shares representing approximately 0.33 per cent. of the issued ordinary share capital of Infinis on 21 October 2015 (being the last Business Day prior to the date of this Announcement). Further details of these irrevocable undertakings, including the circumstances in which they cease to be binding, are set out in Appendix 3 to the following Announcement.
·           It is expected that the Court Meeting and General Meeting will be held by the end of November 2015. Subject, amongst other things, to the satisfaction or waiver of the Conditions, it is expected that the Scheme will become effective by the end of this year.
·           Infinis is the leading independent renewable power generator in the UK and operates 137 power plants with an installed capacity of 585 MW generating renewable power from landfill gas and onshore wind. It also has four onshore wind projects under construction which are expected to deliver 135 MW of incremental onshore wind capacity by 31 March 2017. The Infinis Group is the largest power generator from landfill gas in the UK and one of the UK's leading onshore wind power generators.
·           Paragraph 5 of the following Announcement provides further information on the background to and reasons for the Independent Directors' recommendation and paragraph 3 of the following Announcement provides further information on the background to and reasons for the Acquisition.
·           Commenting on today's Announcement, Guy Hands, Chairman and Chief Investment Officer of Terra Firma, said:
"The transaction announced today is part of Terra Firma's strategy of monetising its investment in Infinis, a business that we have owned and invested in over more than a decade. We have considered gradual sell-downs of our interest in the company since its IPO in November 2013 and more recently we have also explored other strategic options, but the change in the regulatory environment for Infinis has prompted us to rethink our strategy.
We believe that this transaction offers Infinis' shareholders an attractive cash consideration for their shares in Infinis and allows Terra Firma to pursue alternative options to monetise its investment in Infinis once it is a private company. We are pleased that the Infinis Independent Directors have unanimously recommended the transaction and are grateful to the Infinis board and management team for their support, in particular as we have jointly completed the preparations for the offer announced today."
·           Commenting on today's Announcement, Ian Marchant, Chairman of Infinis said:
"Since the IPO of Infinis two years ago, our management and employees have delivered what was promised in terms of both operational performance and the development of the business, with 135 MW of new wind capacity in construction. However, the challenging regulatory and political environment and the reduction in power prices in the last two years have adversely affected both the cash generation and the growth prospects of the business. Accordingly, the Infinis Independent Directors have been actively exploring ways to maximise value and have looked at offers for the whole business as well as selling the assets separately. Following this work, the Infinis Independent Directors firmly believe that the offer from Monterey represents the best combination of risk and return for shareholders."
·           The Scheme Document, containing further information about the Acquisition and notices of the Court Meeting and General Meeting, together with the Forms of Proxy, will be posted to Infinis Shareholders and (for information only) to participants in the Infinis Share Schemes as soon as practicable and, in any event, within 28 days of the date of this Announcement (unless the Panel agrees otherwise).
This summary should be read in conjunction with, and is subject to, the full text of the following Announcement (including its Appendices). The Acquisition will be subject to the Conditions and certain further terms set out in Appendix 1 and to the full terms and conditions to be set out in the Scheme Document. Appendix 2 contains the sources and bases of certain information contained in this summary and the following Announcement. Appendix 3 contains details of the irrevocable undertakings received by Monterey. Appendix 4 contains the definitions of certain terms used in this summary and the following Announcement.
Enquiries




Goldman Sachs International
(Sole Financial Adviser to Terra Firma and Monterey)
Alasdair Warren
Nimesh Khiroya
Alex Garner


Tel: +44 (0) 20 7774 1000


Infinis
Ian Marchant
Eric Machiels


Tel: +44 (0) 20 7404 5959




Finsbury
(PR Adviser to Terra Firma and Monterey)
Rollo Head
Gordon Simpson


Tel: +44 (0) 20 7251 3801
 


Barclays
(Joint Financial Adviser and Corporate Broker to Infinis)
Iain Smedley
Mark Todd
Nishant Amin
Neal West (Corporate Broking)


Tel: +44 (0) 20 7623 2323




 


 


RBC Capital Markets
(Joint Financial Adviser and Corporate Broker to Infinis)
Dai Clement
Lorna Shearin
Mark Rushton
Jonathan Hardy (Corporate Broking)


Tel: +44 (0) 20 7653 4000




 


 


Brunswick
(PR Adviser to Infinis)
David Litterick
Simon Maine


Tel: +44 (0) 20 7404 5959




 


Further information
This Announcement is not intended to and does not constitute, or form part of, an offer, invitation or the solicitation of an offer to purchase, otherwise acquire, subscribe for, sell or otherwise dispose of any securities, or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction, pursuant to the Acquisition or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of securities of Infinis in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. The Acquisition will be made solely by means of the Scheme Document, which will contain the full terms and conditions of the Acquisition including details of how to vote in respect of the Scheme. Any vote in respect of the Scheme or other response in relation to the Acquisition should be made only on the basis on the information contained in the Scheme Document.
Goldman Sachs International, which is authorised by the PRA and regulated by the FCA and the PRA, is acting exclusively for Terra Firma and Monterey and no‑one else in connection with the Acquisition and will not be responsible to anyone other than Terra Firma and Monterey for providing the protections afforded to clients of Goldman Sachs International nor for providing advice in relation to the Acquisition or any other matters referred to in this Announcement.
Barclays, which is authorised by the PRA and regulated in the United Kingdom by the FCA and the PRA, is acting exclusively for Infinis and no one else in connection with the Acquisition and will not be responsible to anyone other than Infinis for providing the protections afforded to clients of Barclays nor for providing advice in relation to the Acquisition or any other matter referred to in this Announcement.
RBC Europe Limited (trading as RBC Capital Markets), which is authorised by the PRA and regulated by the FCA and the PRA, is acting exclusively for Infinis and no one else in connection with the Acquisition and will not be responsible to anyone other than Infinis for providing the protections afforded to clients of RBC Europe Limited nor for providing advice in relation to the Acquisition or any other matters referred to in this Announcement.
Overseas jurisdictions
The availability of the Acquisition to Infinis Shareholders who are not resident in and citizens of the UK may be affected by the laws of the relevant jurisdictions in which they are located or of which they are citizens. Persons who are not resident in the UK should inform themselves of, and observe, any applicable legal or regulatory requirements of their jurisdictions. Further details in relation to overseas shareholders will be contained in the Scheme Document.
The release, publication or distribution of this Announcement in or into jurisdictions other than the UK may be restricted by law and therefore any persons who are subject to the law of any jurisdiction other than the UK should inform themselves about, and observe, any applicable requirements. Any failure to comply with the applicable restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the companies and persons involved in the Acquisition disclaim any responsibility or liability for the violation of such restrictions by any person. This Announcement has been prepared for the purposes of complying with English law, the rules of the London Stock Exchange and the Code and the information disclosed may not be the same as that which would have been disclosed if this Announcement had been prepared in accordance with the laws of jurisdictions outside of England.
Copies of this Announcement and formal documentation relating to the Scheme and the Acquisition will not be and must not be, mailed or otherwise forwarded, distributed or sent in, into or from any jurisdiction where to do so would violate the laws of that jurisdiction.
US Holders should note that the Acquisition relates to the securities of a UK company, is subject to UK disclosure requirements (which are different from those of the US) and is proposed to be implemented under a scheme of arrangement provided for under English company law. A transaction effected by means of a scheme of arrangement is not subject to the tender offer rules under the US Exchange Act. Accordingly, the Scheme will be subject to UK disclosure requirements and practices, which are different from the disclosure requirements of the US tender offer rules. The financial information included in this Announcement and the Scheme documentation has been or will have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of the UK and thus may not be comparable to financial information of US companies or companies whose financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the US. If Monterey exercises its right to implement the Acquisition by way of a takeover offer, such offer will be made in compliance with applicable US tender offer and securities laws and regulations.
The receipt of cash pursuant to the Acquisition by a US Holder as consideration for the transfer of its Scheme Shares pursuant to the Scheme may be a taxable transaction for US federal income tax purposes and under applicable US state and local, as well as foreign and other, tax laws. Each Infinis Shareholder is urged to consult his independent professional adviser immediately regarding the tax consequences of the Acquisition applicable to him.
It may be difficult for US Holders to enforce their rights and claims arising out of the US federal securities laws, since Monterey and Infinis are located in countries other than the US, and some or all of their officers and directors may be residents of countries other than the US. US Holders may not be able to sue a non-US company or its officers or directors in a non-US court for violations of US securities laws. Further, it may be difficult to compel a non-US company and its affiliates to subject themselves to a US court's judgement.
In accordance with normal UK practice and pursuant to Rule 14e-5(b) of the US Exchange Act, Monterey or its nominees, or its brokers (acting as agents), may from time to time make certain purchases of, or arrangements to purchase, Infinis Ordinary Shares outside of the United States, other than pursuant to the Acquisition, until the date on which the Acquisition and/or Scheme becomes effective, lapses or is otherwise withdrawn. In addition, in accordance with the Code, normal United Kingdom practice and Rule 14e-5(b) of the US Exchange Act, Goldman Sachs International, while serving as a Financial Adviser to Monterey, or its affiliates and certain identifiable business units, and Barclays, while serving as Joint Financial Adviser to Infinis, or its affiliates and certain identifiable business units will continue to act as an exempt principal trader in Infinis Ordinary Shares on the London Stock Exchange. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices. Any information about such purchases will be disclosed as required in the UK, will be reported to a Regulatory Information Service of the London Stock Exchange and will be available on the London Stock Exchange website, www.londonstockexchange.com.
Forward looking statements
This Announcement (including information incorporated by reference in this Announcement), oral statements made regarding the Acquisition, and other information published by Monterey and Infinis contain statements which are, or may be deemed to be, "forward-looking statements". Forward-looking statements are prospective in nature and are not based on historical facts, but rather on current expectations and projections of the management of Monterey and Infinis about future events, and are therefore subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this Announcement include statements relating to the expected effects of the Acquisition on Monterey and Infinis, the expected timing and scope of the Acquisition and other statements other than historical facts. Often, but not always, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as "plans", "expects" or "does not expect", "is expected", "is subject to", "budget", "scheduled", "estimates", "forecasts", "intends", "anticipates" or "does not anticipate", or "believes", or variations of such words and phrases or statements that certain actions, events or results "may", "could", "should", "would", "might" or "will" be taken, occur or be achieved. Although Monterey and Infinis believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, Monterey and Infinis can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. There are a number of factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to: the ability to consummate the Acquisition; the ability to obtain requisite shareholder approvals and the satisfaction of other Conditions on the proposed terms and schedule; the ability of Monterey and Infinis to successfully retain key employees; the potential impact of the Announcement or consummation of the Acquisition on relationships, including with employees, suppliers, customers and competitors; changes in general economic, business and political conditions, including changes in the financial markets; significant competition that Infinis faces; compliance with extensive government regulation. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements should therefore be construed in the light of such factors. Neither Monterey nor Terra Firma nor Infinis, nor any of their respective associates or directors, officers or advisers, provides any representation, assurance or guarantee that the occurrence of the events expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements in this Announcement will actually occur. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Other than in accordance with their legal or regulatory obligations (including under the Disclosure and Transparency Rules of the FCA, as applicable), neither Monterey nor Infinis is under any obligation, and Monterey and Infinis expressly disclaim any intention or obligation, to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Dealing disclosure requirements
Under Rule 8.3(a) of the Code, any person who is interested in 1 per cent. or more of any class of relevant securities of an offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror (being any offeror other than an offeror in respect of which it has been announced that its offer is, or is likely to be, solely in cash) must make an Opening Position Disclosure following the commencement of the offer period and, if later, following the announcement in which any securities exchange offeror is first identified.
An Opening Position Disclosure must contain details of the person's interests and short positions in, and rights to subscribe for, any relevant securities of each of (i) the offeree company and (ii) any securities exchange offeror(s). An Opening Position Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(a) applies must be made by no later than 3.30 pm (London time) on the 10th business day following the commencement of the offer period and, if appropriate, by no later than 3.30 pm (London time) on the 10th business day following the announcement in which any securities exchange offeror is first identified. Relevant persons who deal in the relevant securities of the offeree company or of a securities exchange offeror prior to the deadline for making an Opening Position Disclosure must instead make a Dealing Disclosure.
Under Rule 8.3(b) of the Code, any person who is, or becomes, interested in 1 per cent. or more of any class of relevant securities of the offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror must make a Dealing Disclosure if the person deals in any relevant securities of the offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror. A Dealing Disclosure must contain details of the dealing concerned and of the person's interests and short positions in, and rights to subscribe for, any relevant securities of each of (i) the offeree company and (ii) any securities exchange offeror(s), save to the extent that these details have previously been disclosed under Rule 8. A Dealing Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(b) applies must be made by no later than 3.30 pm (London time) on the business day following the date of the relevant dealing.
If two or more persons act together pursuant to an agreement or understanding, whether formal or informal, to acquire or control an interest in relevant securities of an offeree company or a securities exchange offeror, they will be deemed to be a single person for the purpose of Rule 8.3.
Opening Position Disclosures must also be made by the offeree company and by any offeror and Dealing Disclosures must also be made by the offeree company, by any offeror and by any persons acting in concert with any of them (see Rules 8.1, 8.2 and 8.4).
Details of the offeree and offeror companies in respect of whose relevant securities Opening Position Disclosures and Dealing Disclosures must be made can be found in the Disclosure Table on the Takeover Panel's website at www.thetakeoverpanel.org.uk, including details of the number of relevant securities in issue, when the offer period commenced and when any offeror was first identified. You should contact the Panel's Market Surveillance Unit on +44 (0)20 7638 0129 if you are in any doubt as to whether you are required to make an Opening Position Disclosure or a Dealing Disclosure.
Publication on website
A copy of this Announcement will be made available, subject to certain restrictions relating to persons resident in Restricted Jurisdictions, on Terra Firma's website at www.terrafirma.com and Infinis' website at www.infinis.com by no later than 12 noon (London time) on the Business Day following this Announcement. For the avoidance of doubt, the contents of these websites are not incorporated by reference and do not form part of this Announcement. 
 
Requesting hard copy documents
You may request a hard copy of this Announcement by contacting the Company Secretary of Infinis during business hours on +44(0)16 0466 2400 or by submitting a request in writing to Infinis at Infinis Energy plc, First Floor, 500 Pavilion Drive, Northampton Business Park, Northampton NN4 7YJ. For persons who receive a copy of this Announcement in electronic form or via a website notification, a hard copy of this Announcement in electronic form will not be sent unless so requested. You may also request that all future documents, announcements and information to be sent to you in relation to the Acquisition should be in hard copy form. 
Electronic Communications
Please be aware that addresses, electronic addresses and certain other information provided by Infinis Shareholders, persons with information rights and other relevant persons for the receipt of communications from Infinis may be provided to Monterey during the offer period as required under Section 4 of Appendix 4 of the Code to comply with Rule 2.12(c).
Rounding
Certain figures included in this Announcement have been subjected to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of figures that precede them. 
NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN OR INTO ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION.
22 October 2015
Recommended Cash Acquisition
of
Infinis Energy plc ("Infinis")
by
Monterey Capital II S.à r.l. ("Monterey")
a Terra Firma group company
To be effected by means of a Scheme of Arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006
1     Introduction
The board of directors of Monterey and the Infinis Independent Directors are pleased to announce that they have reached agreement on the terms of a recommended cash acquisition by which the entire issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of Infinis that Monterey does not already own will be acquired by Monterey. It is intended that the Acquisition will be implemented by way of a Court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act.
Monterey currently owns 205,667,740 Infinis Ordinary Shares, representing approximately 68.5 per cent. of the issued ordinary share capital of Infinis.
2     The Acquisition
Under the terms of the Acquisition, which will be subject to the Conditions and further terms set out in Appendix 1 to this Announcement and to be set out in the Scheme Document, Scheme Shareholders at the Scheme Record Time will be entitled to receive:




for each Scheme Share


185 pence in cash




The price of 185 pence in cash for each Scheme Share represents a premium of approximately:
·           40.4 per cent. to the closing price of 131.75 pence per Infinis Ordinary Share on 21 October 2015 (being the last Business Day before this Announcement); and
·           38.2 per cent. to the average closing price of 133.86 pence per Infinis Ordinary Share for the one-month period ended 21 October 2015 (being the last Business Day before this Announcement).
The Acquisition values Infinis' entire issued and to be issued share capital at approximately £555 million.
Monterey reserves the right to reduce the price of the Acquisition by the amount of any dividend which is declared, paid or payable by Infinis after the date of this Announcement.
It is expected that the Court Meeting and General Meeting will be held by the end of November 2015. Subject, amongst other things, to the satisfaction or waiver of the Conditions, it is expected that the Scheme will become effective by the end of this year.
3     Background to and reasons for the Acquisition
Since the original investment in Infinis' former parent company in 2003, Terra Firma established and developed Infinis' business through a combination of organic and acquisitive growth.  In November 2013, with Infinis well established as one of the UK's leading renewable power generators, Terra Firma sold a circa 30 per cent. stake in Infinis through an initial public offering on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange, with gradual sell-downs of the remaining stake envisaged over time. Since the initial public offering, Infinis has performed well at an operational level, has delivered on its dividend commitments and is in the process of constructing four onshore wind farms from its organic pipeline of projects under development.
By December 2014, it had become clear to Terra Firma that a managed sell-down of its investment in Infinis through secondary offerings over time was unlikely to materialise at an acceptable price.  Terra Firma therefore announced on 15 December 2014 that it was exploring options in relation to its remaining approximately 68.5 per cent. shareholding in Infinis. This process has subsequently suffered from the political implications of the General Election in the UK, most clearly manifested in the proposed removal of the support for new onshore wind capacity and the removal of the exemption from the Climate Change Levy for electricity generated from renewable sources announced by the new Government in July 2015, compounded by a challenging power price environment. Following constructive discussions with the Infinis Independent Directors and management, Terra Firma and Monterey have decided that Monterey will make an offer for the Infinis shares that Monterey does not own, with a view to taking Infinis private.  This would facilitate Terra Firma's pursuit of strategic alternatives for Infinis that are consistent with its objective of monetising its investment in Infinis. Terra Firma believes that it will be easier for Infinis to implement these strategic alternatives as a private company.
Through its review of strategic options in relation to its investment in Infinis, Terra Firma has carefully considered a number of options for crystallising value from this investment. Having taken into consideration a number of factors, including the changing political environment for renewable energy in the UK, Terra Firma currently believes that separate sales of the onshore wind portfolio (in whole or in part) and the landfill gas assets are the optimal path for Terra Firma to achieve an exit from its investment in Infinis. To this end, Terra Firma and Infinis intend to work together to prepare for, and in due course take initial steps in relation to, the sale of Infinis' onshore wind assets with any such sales taking place following the implementation of the Acquisition. A review of options around monetisation of the landfill gas portfolio is also expected to follow.
4     Recommendation
The Infinis Independent Directors, who have been so advised by Barclays and RBC Capital Markets as to the financial terms of the Acquisition, consider the Acquisition to be fair and reasonable. In providing their advice, Barclays and RBC Capital Markets have taken into account the commercial assessments of the Infinis Independent Directors.
RBC Capital Markets is providing independent financial advice to the Infinis Independent Directors for the purposes of Rule 3 of the Code.
Accordingly, the Infinis Independent Directors have unanimously approved the Acquisition and intend to recommend that Infinis Shareholders vote in favour of the Scheme at the Court Meeting and the resolutions to be proposed at the General Meeting as they have irrevocably undertaken to do in respect of their own beneficial holdings of, in aggregate, 1,002,826 Infinis Ordinary Shares representing approximately 0.33 per cent. of the issued ordinary share capital of Infinis on 21 October 2015 (being the last Business Day prior to the date of this Announcement).
Mike Kinski, who is both a non-executive director of Infinis and a representative of Terra Firma, has played no part in the consideration of the Acquisition or the recommendation of it by the Infinis Independent Directors.
5     Background to and reasons for the recommendation
The Infinis Independent Directors have worked constructively with Terra Firma since its announcement on 15 December 2014 stating that Terra Firma was exploring options to crystallise the value of its 68.5 per cent. shareholding in Infinis, including a potential sale of the stake, to ensure that the interests of all shareholders have been properly considered.
Infinis' management team has remained focussed on operational delivery throughout this period of uncertainty regarding the ultimate ownership of Infinis and in the face of significant political, regulatory and fiscal challenges in the renewable energy sector in the UK.  Infinis has continued to deliver reliable power from its existing landfill gas and wind portfolio, and has made significant progress in the development of 135 MW of wind capacity including bringing North Steads and Sisters to financial close.  However, the changes in the UK renewable energy regulatory framework and the prevailing power price environment have impacted Infinis' near term cash generation and the organic and inorganic growth prospects of Infinis. Infinis has announced that the removal of the exemption from the CCL previously enjoyed by renewable energy generation would result in an anticipated reduction of Infinis' EBITDA of approximately £7 million in the year ending 31 March 2016 and approximately £10-11 million in the year ending 31 March 2017.  Consequently, and as indicated at the Q1 trading statement on 13 August 2015, Infinis would need to review its dividend policy in the absence of the Acquisition.
In reaching their conclusion, the Infinis Independent Directors considered the Acquisition in the context of the value, prospects and cash generation profile of the underlying business segments of Infinis, against other proposals received and against the value to all shareholders were the Board to pursue alternative strategies including a break-up of Infinis as a publicly listed company through a sale of its wind business.  The Infinis Independent Directors have taken into account the significant execution risk, uncertainty surrounding the landfill gas business as a standalone investment proposition and the uncertain timescale for delivery of such a break-up strategy.  In addition, since 2014, Infinis has received other proposals but none that have been as attractive to independent shareholders as the Acquisition. 
Accordingly, the Infinis Independent Directors believe the Acquisition offers the independent shareholders, in the circumstances, an acceptable value, an exit from Infinis at an uncertain time for Infinis and the renewable sector more generally and an opportunity to crystallise a premium to the current market price in cash. The Infinis Independent Directors have unanimously decided to recommend that Infinis independent shareholders vote in favour of the Acquisition.
The Infinis Independent Directors recognise that there will be a period of transition for Infinis and the Infinis employees but believe that, in the circumstances, the Acquisition is in the best interests of Infinis in the medium term.
6     Irrevocable Undertakings
All of the Infinis Independent Directors who hold Infinis Ordinary Shares have irrevocably undertaken to vote in favour of the Scheme at the Court Meeting and the resolutions to be proposed at the General Meeting in respect of, in aggregate, 1,002,826 Infinis Ordinary Shares representing approximately 0.33 per cent. of the issued ordinary share capital of Infinis on 21 October 2015 (being the last Business Day prior to the date of this Announcement).
The obligations of the Infinis Independent Directors under the above undertakings are conditional upon the Scheme Document being despatched to the Infinis Shareholders within 28 days after the date of this Announcement (save that if Monterey subsequently elects to proceed by way of an Offer under the Code then such date shall be extended to the date which is 28 days after the date of any announcement announcing the change in the structure of the Acquisition).
The undertakings from the Infinis Independent Directors will cease to be binding only if the Scheme lapses or is withdrawn and no new, revised or replacement Scheme or Offer is announced, in accordance with Rule 2.7 of the Code, in its place or is announced, in accordance with Rule 2.7 of the Code, at the same time.
Further details of these irrevocable undertakings are set out in Appendix 3 to this Announcement. If the Acquisition is subsequently structured as a takeover offer, all the above undertakings will take effect as irrevocable undertakings to accept such offer.
7     Information relating to Terra Firma and Monterey
Terra Firma Investments (GP) 2 Limited is the general partner of the six limited partnerships constituting the Terra Firma Capital Partners II Fund and a number of limited partnership co-investment funds, two of which are invested in Infinis, and makes equity investments on their behalf. The Terra Firma Capital Partners II Fund had its final close in February 2004, raising a total of €1.9 billion in commitments.
TFCP is an adviser to members of the Terra Firma group, including Terra Firma Investments (GP) 2 Limited. TFCP is an independent private equity advisory firm set up in March 2002 by Guy Hands and other former employees of the Principal Finance Group of Nomura International plc through the spin-out of that division. TFCP is authorised and regulated by the FCA in the United Kingdom, and Terra Firma is regulated by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission.
Monterey is a company originally formed for the purpose of owning the Terra Firma Capital Partners II Fund's investment in Waste Recycling Group ("WRG") and, since Infinis' demerger from WRG, in Infinis. Monterey is owned, in aggregate, by eight limited partnerships, each of which has a common general partner, Terra Firma Investments (GP) 2 Limited. Monterey currently owns 205,667,740 Infinis Ordinary Shares, representing approximately 68.5 per cent. of the issued ordinary share capital of Infinis.
Further details in relation to Monterey will be set out in the Scheme Document.
8     Information relating to Infinis
Infinis is the leading independent renewable power generator in the UK and operates 137 power plants with an installed capacity of 585 MW generating renewable power from landfill gas and onshore wind. It also has four onshore wind projects under construction which are expected to deliver 135 MW of incremental onshore wind capacity by 31 March 2017. The Infinis Group is the largest power generator from landfill gas in the UK and one of the UK's leading onshore wind power generators. Infinis sells its power output through offtake agreements and does not supply electricity directly to retail customers.
The Infinis Group's corporate structure is divided into three distinct divisions, comprising the Landfill Gas Business, the Onshore Wind Business and the Wind Development Pipeline Business.
Infinis is a public limited company registered in England and Wales and its shares have been listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange since November 2013, when Monterey completed an initial public offering of Infinis by selling a circa 30 per cent. stake in Infinis to institutional and retail investors.
For the financial year ended 31 March 2015, Infinis reported audited underlying group revenue of £236.0 million and audited EBITDA before operating exceptional items of £142.8 million. Infinis reported a strong first quarter in the current financial year to 31 March 2016 with total power generation of 586 GWh, up 14 GWh on the previous year. Infinis has also announced that the removal, with effect from 1 August 2015, of the exemption from the CCL previously enjoyed by renewable power generation would result in an anticipated reduction of its EBITDA of approximately £7 million in the current financial year and by £10-11 million in the financial year to 31 March 2017. Infinis and another power generator have initiated proceedings for a judicial review of the decision by HM Treasury to remove the exemption from the CCL for electricity generated from renewable sources. The basis for this review is that the exemption was removed without appropriate notice period, consultation or proportionate justification.
9     Financing
The cash consideration payable by Monterey under the terms of the Acquisition will be funded from a debt financing facility to be provided under a new term loan facility agreement entered into between, amongst others, Monterey as borrower and Goldman Sachs International Bank as original lender (the "Facility Agreement"). The facility will be used to finance the Acquisition, to pay the fees and transaction expenses in connection with the Acquisition and the facility, to refinance certain existing indebtedness of Infinis Capital Limited and for general corporate purposes. 
Under the terms of the Facility Agreement, Monterey has agreed that save with the consent of the Agent (as defined in the Facility Agreement), it will not declare, accept or treat as satisfied any condition of the Offer, where it is not actually satisfied or has not been complied with unless required to do so by the Panel, save as required to do so by a court of competent jurisdiction, the London Stock Exchange plc or any other applicable law or regulation or regulatory body.
Goldman Sachs International is satisfied that sufficient resources are available to Monterey to satisfy in full the cash consideration payable under the terms of the Acquisition.
10   Management, employees and locations
The Board of Directors of Monterey and the Infinis Independent Directors recognise that an operational and administrative restructuring of Infinis will be required following the completion of the Acquisition in order to achieve the expected benefits of the Acquisition. However, at this stage, no decision has been made as to the restructuring of Infinis (including because the path for Terra Firma to achieve an exit from its investment in Infinis has not yet been determined) and, as such, there can be no certainty as to the level of employee transfer and/or reduction that may result. Finalisation of the restructuring plan will be subject to engagement with the relevant stakeholders as appropriate. Monterey confirms that the existing employment rights of Infinis' employees (including pension rights) will be fully safeguarded.
In connection with the Scheme and its implementation, the Infinis Remuneration Committee has resolved not to waive any of the performance conditions attaching to awards or options under its Infinis Share Schemes. It is proposed that the existing awards, over approximately 1,287,059  Infinis Shares, granted under the Infinis Energy Long Term Incentive Plan are cancelled and that no further awards are made in respect of 2015. In consideration of this cancellation, the Infinis Remuneration Committee has agreed that the financial targets applicable to the 2015/16 annual cash bonus scheme for the affected individuals will be treated as satisfied, provided those individuals remain employed by Infinis until payment of that bonus in June 2016.
There have been preliminary discussions between Terra Firma and Infinis regarding arrangements to retain employees of Infinis after the Effective Date. However, currently no agreements have been concluded on such matters. 
It is expected that each of the Infinis Non-Executive Directors that are independent of Terra Firma will cease to be directors on the Effective Date.
Save as stated in this announcement and subject to finalisation of its strategic alternatives for Infinis, Monterey confirms that it has no plans currently to redeploy any of Infinis' fixed assets.
11   Infinis Share Schemes
Participants in the Infinis Share Schemes will be contacted regarding the effect of the Acquisition on their rights and appropriate proposals will be made to such participants in due course. Details of these proposals will be set out in the Scheme Document and in separate letters to be sent to participants in the Infinis Share Schemes.
12   Disclosure of interests in Infinis relevant securities
Monterey and its concert parties are interested in 205,667,740 Infinis Ordinary Shares representing approximately 68.5 per cent. of the issued share capital of Infinis.
Save for that interest, neither Monterey, its concert parties nor, so far as Monterey or its directors are aware, any other person acting in concert with Monterey, has any interest in or right to subscribe for Infinis relevant securities.
13   Structure of the Acquisition
It is intended that the Acquisition will be implemented by way of a Court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement between Infinis and the Scheme Shareholders, under Part 26 of the Companies Act. The procedure involves, among other things, an application by Infinis to the Court to sanction the Scheme, in consideration for which the Scheme Shareholders will receive cash on the basis described in paragraph 2 above. The purpose of the Scheme is to provide for Monterey to become the owner of the entire issued and to be issued share capital of Infinis.
The Scheme is subject to the Conditions and certain further terms referred to in Appendix 1 to this Announcement and to be set out in the Scheme Document, and will only become effective if, among other things, the following events occur on or before 31 January 2016 or such later date as Monterey and Infinis, with the consent of the Panel, agree:
·          the Scheme is approved by a majority in number representing not less than 75 per cent. in value of the Scheme Shareholders present and voting either in person or by proxy at the Court Meeting and at any separate class meeting which may be required by the Court or at any adjournment of any such meetings;
·          the resolutions necessary to implement the Scheme are passed by the requisite majority of Infinis Shareholders at the General Meeting;
·          the Scheme is sanctioned (without modification or with modification on terms acceptable to Monterey and Infinis); and
·          an office copy of the Scheme Court Order is delivered to the Registrar of Companies.
Upon the Scheme becoming effective: (i) it will be binding on all Scheme Shareholders, irrespective of whether or not they attended or voted at the Court Meeting or the General Meeting (and if they attended and voted, whether or not they voted in favour); and (ii) share certificates in respect of Scheme Shares will cease to be valid and entitlements to Scheme Shares held within the CREST system will be cancelled.
If the Scheme does not become effective on or before 31 January 2016 (or such later date as Monterey and Infinis may, with the consent of the Panel, agree), it will lapse and the Acquisition will not proceed (unless the Panel otherwise consents).
The Scheme Document will include full details of the Scheme, together with notices of the Court Meeting and the General Meeting. The Scheme Document will also contain the expected timetable for the Acquisition, and will specify the necessary actions to be taken by Infinis Shareholders. The Scheme Document will be posted to Infinis Shareholders and (for information only) to participants in the Infinis Share Schemes, as soon as practicable and, in any event, within 28 days of the date of this Announcement (unless the Panel agrees otherwise).
14   Delisting and re-registration
It is intended that dealings in Infinis Ordinary Shares will be suspended at 5.00 p.m. London time on the Business Day prior to the Scheme Court Hearing. It is further intended that an application will be made to the London Stock Exchange for the cancellation of trading of the Infinis Ordinary Shares on the London Stock Exchange, with effect as of or shortly following the Effective Date.
It is also intended that, following the Scheme becoming effective, Infinis will be re-registered as a private company under the relevant provisions of the Companies Act.
15   Disclosure of interests in Infinis relevant securities
Monterey made an Opening Position Disclosure, setting out the details to be disclosed by it under Rule 8 of the Code, on 19 December 2014.
16   Overseas shareholders
The availability of the Acquisition or the distribution of this Announcement to Infinis Shareholders who are not resident in the United Kingdom may be affected by the laws of their relevant jurisdiction. Such persons should inform themselves of, and observe, any applicable legal or regulatory requirements of their jurisdiction. Infinis Shareholders who are in any doubt regarding such matters should consult an appropriate independent professional adviser in the relevant jurisdiction without delay.
This Announcement does not constitute an offer for sale for any securities or an offer or an invitation to purchase any securities. Infinis Shareholders are advised to read carefully the Scheme Document and related Forms of Proxy once these have been dispatched.
17   Documents published on a website
Copies of the following documents will, by no later than 12 noon (London time) on 23 October 2015, be published on Infinis' website at www.infinis.com and Terra Firma's website at www.terrafirma.com until the end of the Acquisition:
·          the irrevocable undertakings referred to in paragraph 6;
·          Monterey's financing documents in connection with the Offer as referred to in paragraph 9 above; and
·          the Non-Disclosure Agreement referred to in paragraph 18.
18   General
Infinis and Monterey have entered into a non-disclosure agreement dated 6 October 2015 ("Non-Disclosure Agreement") pursuant to which Monterey has undertaken to keep confidential information relating to the Infinis Group and not to disclose it to third parties (other than those to which disclosure is permitted in terms of the Non-Disclosure Agreement) unless required by law or regulation. These non-disclosure obligations will remain in force for three years.
The Acquisition will be subject to the Conditions and certain further terms set out in Appendix 1 and the further terms and conditions set out in the Scheme Document when issued.
The Scheme will be governed by English law and will be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. The Scheme will be subject to the applicable requirements of the Code, the Panel, the London Stock Exchange and the FCA.
The bases and sources of certain financial information contained in this Announcement are set out in Appendix 2. Certain terms used in this Announcement are defined in Appendix 4.
Enquiries




Goldman Sachs International
(Sole Financial Adviser to Terra Firma and Monterey)
Alasdair Warren
Nimesh Khiroya
Alex Garner


Tel: +44 (0) 20 7774 1000


Infinis
Ian Marchant
Eric Machiels


Tel: +44 (0) 20 7404 5959




Finsbury
(PR Adviser to Terra Firma and Monterey)
Rollo Head
Gordon Simpson


Tel: +44 (0) 20 7251 3801
 


Barclays
(Joint Financial Adviser and Corporate Broker to Infinis)
Iain Smedley
Mark Todd
Nishant Amin
Neal West (Corporate Broking)


Tel: +44 (0) 20 7623 2323




 


 


RBC Capital Markets
(Joint Financial Adviser and Corporate Broker to Infinis)
Dai Clement
Lorna Shearin
Mark Rushton
Jonathan Hardy (Corporate Broking)


Tel: +44 (0) 20 7653 4000




 


 


Brunswick
(PR Adviser to Infinis)
David Litterick
Simon Maine


Tel: +44 (0) 20 7404 5959




 
Further information 
This Announcement is not intended to and does not constitute, or form part of, an offer, invitation or the solicitation of an offer to purchase, otherwise acquire, subscribe for, sell or otherwise dispose of any securities, or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction, pursuant to the Acquisition or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of securities of Infinis in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. The Acquisition will be made solely by means of the Scheme Document, which will contain the full terms and conditions of the Acquisition including details of how to vote in respect of the Scheme. Any vote in respect of the Scheme or other response in relation to the Acquisition should be made only on the basis on the information contained in the Scheme Document.
Goldman Sachs International, which is authorised by the PRA and regulated by the FCA and the PRA, is acting exclusively for Terra Firma and Monterey and no‑one else in connection with the Acquisition and will not be responsible to anyone other than Terra Firma and Monterey for providing the protections afforded to clients of Goldman Sachs International nor for providing advice in relation to the Acquisition or any other matters referred to in this Announcement.
Barclays, which is authorised by the PRA and regulated in the United Kingdom by the FCA and the PRA, is acting exclusively for Infinis and no one else in connection with the Acquisition and will not be responsible to anyone other than Infinis for providing the protections afforded to clients of Barclays nor for providing advice in relation to the Acquisition or any other matter referred to in this Announcement.
RBC Europe Limited (trading as RBC Capital Markets), which is authorised by the PRA and regulated by the FCA and the PRA, is acting exclusively for Infinis and no one else in connection with the Acquisition and will not be responsible to anyone other than Infinis for providing the protections afforded to clients of RBC Europe Limited nor for providing advice in relation to the Acquisition or any other matters referred to in this Announcement.
Overseas jurisdictions
The availability of the Acquisition to Infinis Shareholders who are not resident in and citizens of the UK may be affected by the laws of the relevant jurisdictions in which they are located or of which they are citizens. Persons who are not resident in the UK should inform themselves of, and observe, any applicable legal or regulatory requirements of their jurisdictions. Further details in relation to overseas shareholders will be contained in the Scheme Document.
The release, publication or distribution of this Announcement in or into jurisdictions other than the UK may be restricted by law and therefore any persons who are subject to the law of any jurisdiction other than the UK should inform themselves about, and observe, any applicable requirements. Any failure to comply with the applicable restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the companies and persons involved in the Acquisition disclaim any responsibility or liability for the violation of such restrictions by any person. This Announcement has been prepared for the purposes of complying with English law, the rules of the London Stock Exchange and the Code and the information disclosed may not be the same as that which would have been disclosed if this Announcement had been prepared in accordance with the laws of jurisdictions outside of England.
Copies of this Announcement and formal documentation relating to the Scheme and the Acquisition will not be and must not be, mailed or otherwise forwarded, distributed or sent in, into or from any jurisdiction where to do so would violate the laws of that jurisdiction.
US Holders should note that the Acquisition relates to the securities of a UK company, is subject to UK disclosure requirements (which are different from those of the US) and is proposed to be implemented under a scheme of arrangement provided for under English company law. A transaction effected by means of a scheme of arrangement is not subject to the tender offer rules under the US Exchange Act. Accordingly, the Scheme will be subject to UK disclosure requirements and practices, which are different from the disclosure requirements of the US tender offer rules. The financial information included in this Announcement and the Scheme documentation has been or will have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of the UK and thus may not be comparable to financial information of US companies or companies whose financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the US. If Monterey exercises its right to implement the Acquisition by way of a takeover offer, such offer will be made in compliance with applicable US tender offer and securities laws and regulations.
The receipt of cash pursuant to the Acquisition by a US Holder as consideration for the transfer of its Scheme Shares pursuant to the Scheme may be a taxable transaction for US federal income tax purposes and under applicable US state and local, as well as foreign and other, tax laws. Each Infinis Shareholder is urged to consult his independent professional adviser immediately regarding the tax consequences of the Acquisition applicable to him.
It may be difficult for US Holders to enforce their rights and claims arising out of the US federal securities laws, since Monterey and Infinis are located in countries other than the US, and some or all of their officers and directors may be residents of countries other than the US. US Holders may not be able to sue a non-US company or its officers or directors in a non-US court for violations of US securities laws. Further, it may be difficult to compel a non-US company and its affiliates to subject themselves to a US court's judgement.
In accordance with normal UK practice and pursuant to Rule 14e-5(b) of the US Exchange Act, Monterey or its nominees, or its brokers (acting as agents), may from time to time make certain purchases of, or arrangements to purchase, Infinis Ordinary Shares outside of the United States, other than pursuant to the Acquisition, until the date on which the Acquisition and/or Scheme becomes effective, lapses or is otherwise withdrawn. In addition, in accordance with Rule 14e-5(b) of the US Exchange Act, Goldman Sachs International, while serving as a Financial Adviser to Monterey, or its affiliates and certain identifiable business units, will continue to act as an exempt principal trader in Infinis Ordinary Shares on the London Stock Exchange. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices. Any information about such purchases will be disclosed as required in the UK, will be reported to a Regulatory Information Service of the London Stock Exchange and will be available on the London Stock Exchange website, www.londonstockexchange.com.
Forward looking statements
This Announcement (including information incorporated by reference in this Announcement), oral statements made regarding the Acquisition, and other information published by Monterey and Infinis contain statements which are, or may be deemed to be, "forward-looking statements". Forward-looking statements are prospective in nature and are not based on historical facts, but rather on current expectations and projections of the management of Monterey and Infinis about future events, and are therefore subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this Announcement include statements relating to the expected effects of the Acquisition on Monterey and Infinis, the expected timing and scope of the Acquisition and other statements other than historical facts. Often, but not always, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as "plans", "expects" or "does not expect", "is expected", "is subject to", "budget", "scheduled", "estimates", "forecasts", "intends", "anticipates" or "does not anticipate", or "believes", or variations of such words and phrases or statements that certain actions, events or results "may", "could", "should", "would", "might" or "will" be taken, occur or be achieved. Although Monterey and Infinis believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, Monterey and Infinis can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. There are a number of factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to: the ability to consummate the Acquisition; the ability to obtain requisite shareholder approvals and the satisfaction of other Conditions on the proposed terms and schedule; the ability of Monterey and Infinis to successfully retain key employees; the potential impact of the Announcement or consummation of the Acquisition on relationships, including with employees, suppliers, customers and competitors; changes in general economic, business and political conditions, including changes in the financial markets; significant competition that Infinis faces; compliance with extensive government regulation. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements should therefore be construed in the light of such factors. Neither Monterey nor Terra Firma nor Infinis, nor any of their respective associates or directors, officers or advisers, provides any representation, assurance or guarantee that the occurrence of the events expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements in this Announcement will actually occur. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Other than in accordance with their legal or regulatory obligations (including under the Disclosure and Transparency Rules of the FCA, as applicable), neither Monterey nor Infinis is under any obligation, and Monterey and Infinis expressly disclaim any intention or obligation, to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Dealing disclosure requirements
Under Rule 8.3(a) of the Code, any person who is interested in 1 per cent. or more of any class of relevant securities of an offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror (being any offeror other than an offeror in respect of which it has been announced that its offer is, or is likely to be, solely in cash) must make an Opening Position Disclosure following the commencement of the offer period and, if later, following the Announcement in which any securities exchange offeror is first identified.
An Opening Position Disclosure must contain details of the person's interests and short positions in, and rights to subscribe for, any relevant securities of each of (i) the offeree company and (ii) any securities exchange offeror(s). An Opening Position Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(a) applies must be made by no later than 3.30 pm (London time) on the 10th Business Day following the commencement of the offer period and, if appropriate, by no later than 3.30 pm (London time) on the 10th Business Day following the Announcement in which any securities exchange offeror is first identified. Relevant persons who deal in the relevant securities of the offeree company or of a securities exchange offeror prior to the deadline for making an Opening Position Disclosure must instead make a Dealing Disclosure.
Under Rule 8.3(b) of the Code, any person who is, or becomes, interested in 1 per cent. or more of any class of relevant securities of the offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror must make a Dealing Disclosure if the person deals in any relevant securities of the offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror. A Dealing Disclosure must contain details of the dealing concerned and of the person's interests and short positions in, and rights to subscribe for, any relevant securities of each of (i) the offeree company and (ii) any securities exchange offeror(s), save to the extent that these details have previously been disclosed under Rule 8. A Dealing Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(b) applies must be made by no later than 3.30 pm (London time) on the Business Day following the date of the relevant dealing.
If two or more persons act together pursuant to an agreement or understanding, whether formal or informal, to acquire or control an interest in relevant securities of an offeree company or a securities exchange offeror, they will be deemed to be a single person for the purpose of Rule 8.3.
Opening Position Disclosures must also be made by the offeree company and by any offeror and Dealing Disclosures must also be made by the offeree company, by any offeror and by any persons acting in concert with any of them (see Rules 8.1, 8.2 and 8.4).
Details of the offeree and offeror companies in respect of whose relevant securities Opening Position Disclosures and Dealing Disclosures must be made can be found in the Disclosure Table on the Takeover Panel's website at www.thetakeoverpanel.org.uk, including details of the number of relevant securities in issue, when the offer period commenced and when any offeror was first identified. You should contact the Panel's Market Surveillance Unit on +44 (0)20 7638 0129 if you are in any doubt as to whether you are required to make an Opening Position Disclosure or a Dealing Disclosure.
Publication on website
A copy of this Announcement will be made available, subject to certain restrictions relating to persons resident in Restricted Jurisdictions, on Terra Firma's website at www.terrafirma.com and Infinis' website at www.infinis.com by no later than 12 noon (London time) on the Business Day following this Announcement. For the avoidance of doubt, the contents of these websites are not incorporated by reference and do not form part of this Announcement. 
Requesting hard copy documents
You may request a hard copy of this Announcement by contacting the Company Secretary of Infinis during business hours on +44(0)16 0466 2400 or by submitting a request in writing to Infinis at Infinis Energy plc, First Floor, 500 Pavilion Drive, Northampton Business Part, Northampton NN4 7YJ. For persons who receive a copy of this Announcement in electronic form or via a website notification, a hard copy of this Announcement in electronic form will not be sent unless so requested. You may also request that all future documents, announcements and information to be sent to you in relation to the Acquisition should be in hard copy form. 
Electronic Communications
Please be aware that addresses, electronic addresses and certain other information provided by Infinis Shareholders, persons with information rights and other relevant persons for the receipt of communications from Infinis may be provided to Monterey during the offer period as required under Section 4 of Appendix 4 of the Code to comply with Rule 2.12(c).
Rounding
Certain figures included in this Announcement have been subjected to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of figures that precede them. 
 
Appendix 1
Conditions and Certain Further Terms of the Scheme and the Acquisition
A. Conditions to the Scheme and Acquisition
1        The Acquisition will be conditional upon the Scheme becoming unconditional and becoming effective, subject to the provisions of the Code, by no later than 31 January 2016 or such later date (if any) as Monterey and Infinis may, with the consent of the Panel, agree and (if required) the Court may approve.
2        The Scheme will be conditional upon:
(a)      approval of the Scheme by a majority in number representing not less than 75 per cent. in value of the Scheme Shareholders (or the relevant class or classes thereof, if applicable) present and voting either in person or by proxy at the Court Meeting and at any separate class meeting which may be required by the Court or at any adjournment of any such meetings (provided that the Court Meeting may not be adjourned beyond the 22nd day after the expected date of the Court Meeting to be set out in the Scheme Document in due course or such later date (if any) as Monterey and Infinis may agree);
(b)      all resolutions in connection with or required to approve and implement the Scheme as set out in the notice of the General Meeting (including, without limitation, the Resolution) being duly passed by the requisite majority at the General Meeting (or at any adjournment thereof, provided that the General Meeting may not be adjourned beyond the 22nd day after the expected date of the General Meeting to be set out in the Scheme Document in due course or such later date (if any) as Monterey and Infinis may agree); and
(c)      the sanction of the Scheme without modification or with modification on terms acceptable to Monterey and Infinis, provided that the Scheme Court Hearing may not be adjourned beyond the 22nd day after the expected date of the Scheme Court Hearing to be set out in the Scheme Document in due course or such later date (if any) as Monterey and Infinis may agree, and the delivery of an office copy of the Scheme Court Order to the Registrar of Companies.
3        In addition, Monterey and Infinis have agreed that, subject as stated in Part B below, the Acquisition will be conditional upon the following matters and, accordingly, the necessary actions to make the Scheme effective will not be taken unless such conditions (as amended, if appropriate) have been satisfied or, where relevant, waived:
(a)      no Third Party having intervened (as defined below) and there not continuing to be outstanding any statute, regulation or order of any Third Party, in each case which would or might reasonably be expected to:
(i)       make the Scheme or the Acquisition or, in each case, its implementation or the acquisition or proposed acquisition by Monterey or any member of the Wider Monterey Group of any shares or other securities in, or control or management of, Infinis or any member of the Wider Infinis Group void, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, or otherwise directly or indirectly materially restrain, prevent, prohibit, restrict or materially delay the same or impose additional conditions or obligations with respect to the Scheme or the Acquisition or such acquisition, or otherwise materially impede, challenge or interfere with the Scheme or Acquisition or such acquisition, or require amendment to the terms of the Scheme or Acquisition or the acquisition or proposed acquisition of any Infinis Ordinary Shares or the acquisition of control or management of Infinis or the Wider Infinis Group by Monterey or any member of the Wider Monterey Group;
(ii)      limit or delay, or impose any material limitations on, the ability of any member of the Wider Monterey Group or any member of the Wider Infinis Group to acquire or to hold or to exercise effectively, directly or indirectly, all or any rights of ownership in respect of shares or other securities in, or to exercise voting or management control over, any member of the Wider Infinis Group or any member of the Wider Monterey Group;
(iii)     require, prevent or materially delay the divestiture or materially alter the terms envisaged for any proposed divestiture by any member of the Wider Monterey Group of any shares or other securities in Infinis or of all or any portion of their respective businesses, assets or properties or materially limit the ability of any of them to conduct any of their respective businesses or to own or control any of their respective assets or properties or any part thereof;
(iv)     except pursuant to sections 974 to 991 of the Companies Act, require any member of the Wider Monterey Group or of the Wider Infinis Group to acquire, or to offer to acquire, any shares or other securities (or the equivalent) in any member of either group owned by any third party;
(v)      materially limit the ability of any member of the Wider Monterey Group or of the Wider Infinis Group to conduct or integrate or co‑ordinate its business, or any part of it, with the businesses or any part of the businesses of any other member of the Wider Monterey Group or of the Wider Infinis Group;
(vi)     result in any member of the Wider Infinis Group ceasing to be able to carry on business under any name under which it presently does so; or
(vii)    otherwise adversely affect any or all of the business, assets, profits, financial or trading position of any member of the Wider Infinis Group or of the Wider Monterey Group,
and all applicable waiting and other time periods during which any Third Party could intervene under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction having expired, lapsed or been terminated;
(b)      all Authorisations which are necessary or are reasonably considered necessary by Monterey in any relevant jurisdiction for or in respect of the Scheme or Acquisition or the acquisition or proposed acquisition of any shares or other securities in, or control or management of, Infinis or any other member of the Wider Infinis Group by any member of the Wider Monterey Group or the carrying on by any member of the Wider Infinis Group of its business having been obtained, in terms and in a form reasonably satisfactory to Monterey, from all appropriate Third Parties or from any persons or bodies with whom any member of the Wider Infinis Group has entered into contractual arrangements, in each case where the absence of such Authorisation would or might reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Infinis Group taken as a whole and all such Authorisations remaining in full force and effect and there being no notice or intimation of any intention to revoke, suspend, restrict, modify or not to renew any of the same;
(c)      since 31 March 2015 and except as disclosed in Infinis' annual report and accounts for the year then ended or as publicly announced by Infinis prior to 22 October 2015 (by the delivery of an announcement to a Regulatory Information Service), there being no provision of any arrangement, agreement, licence, permit, franchise or other instrument to which any member of the Wider Infinis Group is a party, or by or to which any such member or any of its assets is or are or may be bound, entitled or subject or any circumstance, which, in each case as a consequence of the Scheme or Acquisition or the acquisition or proposed acquisition of any shares or other securities in, or control of, Infinis or any other member of the Wider Infinis Group by any member of the Wider Monterey Group or otherwise, would be expected to result in (in any case to an extent which would reasonably be expected to be material in the context of the Infinis Group taken as a whole):
(i)       any monies borrowed by or any other indebtedness or liabilities (actual or contingent) of, or any grant available to, any member of the Wider Infinis Group being or becoming repayable or capable of being declared repayable immediately or prior to its stated maturity date or repayment date or the ability of any member of the Wider Infinis Group to borrow monies or incur any indebtedness being withdrawn or inhibited or becoming capable of being withdrawn or inhibited;
(ii)      the creation or enforcement of any mortgage, charge or other security interest over the whole or any part of the business, property, assets or interests of any member of the Wider Infinis Group or any such mortgage, charge or other security interest (wherever created, arising or having arisen) becoming enforceable;
(iii)     any such arrangement, agreement, licence, permit, franchise or instrument, or the rights, liabilities, obligations or interests of any member of the Wider Infinis Group thereunder, being, or becoming capable of being, terminated or adversely modified or affected or any adverse action being taken or any obligation or liability arising thereunder;
(iv)     any liability of any member of the Wider Infinis Group to make any severance, termination, bonus or other payment to any employee or key producer of the Wider Infinis Group;
(v)      any asset or interest of any member of the Wider Infinis Group being or falling to be disposed of or charged or ceasing to be available to any member of the Wider Infinis Group or any right arising under which any such asset or interest could be required to be disposed of or could cease to be available to any member of the Wider Infinis Group otherwise than in the ordinary course of business;
(vi)     any member of the Wider Infinis Group ceasing to be able to carry on business under any name under which it presently does so;
(vii)     the creation of any liabilities (actual or contingent) by any member of the Wider Infinis Group other than in the ordinary course of business;
(viii)    the rights, liabilities, obligations or interests of any member of the Wider Infinis Group under any such arrangement, agreement, licence, permit, franchise or other instrument or the interests or business of any such member in or with any other person, firm, company or body (or any arrangement or arrangements relating to any such interests or business) being terminated or adversely modified or affected; or
(ix)     the financial or trading position or the value of any member of the Wider Infinis Group being prejudiced or adversely affected,
and no event having occurred which, under any provision of any such arrangement, agreement, licence, permit or other instrument, would or would reasonably be expected to result in any of the events or circumstances which are referred to in paragraphs (i) to (ix) of this Condition (c) in any case to an extent which would or might reasonably be expected to be material in the context of the Infinis Group taken as a whole;
(d)      since 31 March 2015 and except as disclosed in Infinis' annual report and accounts for the year then ended or as otherwise publicly announced by Infinis prior to 22 October 2015 (by the delivery of an announcement to a Regulatory Information Service) no member of the Wider Infinis Group having:
(i)       entered into, terminated or varied the terms of or made any offer (which remains open for acceptance) to enter into or vary the terms of, any contract, agreement, commitment, transaction or arrangement with any person employed by any member of the Wider Infinis Group, including entering into any such arrangement which would result in any liability of any member of the Wider Infinis Group to make any severance, termination, bonus or other payments to any of its directors or other officers, which would or might reasonably be expected to be material in the context of the Acquisition or which would or might reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial position of the Infinis Group taken as a whole;
(ii)      proposed, agreed to provide or modified the terms of any share option scheme, incentive scheme or other benefit relating to the employment or termination of employment of any person employed by the Wider Infinis Group;
(iii)     (except in relation to changes made or agreed as a result of, or arising from, legislation or changes to legislation) made or agreed or consented to:
(A)     any material change:
(I)       to the terms of the trust deeds constituting the pension scheme(s) established for its directors, employees or their dependants; or
(II)      the contributions payable to any such scheme(s) or to the benefits which accrue or to the pensions which are payable thereunder; or
(III)     the basis on which qualification for, or accrual or entitlement to such benefits or pensions are calculated or determined; or
(IV)     the basis upon which the liabilities (including pensions) or such pension schemes are funded, valued or made
in each case, which would or might reasonably be expected to have a material effect in the context of the Infinis Group taken as a whole,
(B)     any change to the trustees including the appointment of a trust corporation;
(iv)     issued or agreed to issue, or authorised the issue of, additional shares of any class, or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or acquire, any such shares or convertible securities or transferred or sold any shares out of treasury, other than as between Infinis and wholly‑owned subsidiaries of Infinis or any shares issued or shares transferred from treasury upon the exercise of any options granted under any of the Infinis Share Schemes;
(v)      purchased or redeemed or repaid any of its own shares or other securities or reduced or made any other change to any part of its share capital to an extent which (other than in the case of Infinis) would or might reasonably be expected to be material in the context of the Infinis Group taken as a whole;
(vi)     recommended, declared, paid or made any dividend or other distribution whether payable in cash or otherwise or made any bonus issue (other than to Infinis or a wholly‑owned subsidiary of Infinis);
(vii)     made or authorised any change in its loan capital;
(viii)    entered into, implemented or authorised the entry into, any joint venture, asset or profit sharing arrangement, partnership or merged with, demerged or acquired any body corporate, partnership or business or acquired or disposed of or transferred, mortgaged, charged or created any security interest over any assets or any right, title or interest in any assets (including shares in any undertaking and trade investments) or authorised the same (in each case to an extent which would or might reasonably be expected to be material in the context of the Infinis Group taken as a whole);
(ix)     issued or authorised the issue of, or made any change in or to, any debentures or (except in the ordinary course of business or except as between Infinis and its wholly-owned subsidiaries or between such wholly-owned subsidiaries) incurred or increased any indebtedness or liability (actual or contingent) which in any case would or might reasonably be expected to be material in the context of the Infinis Group taken as a whole;
(x)      entered into, varied, or authorised any material agreement, transaction, arrangement or commitment (whether in respect of capital expenditure or otherwise) which:
(A)     is of a long term, onerous or unusual nature or magnitude or which is reasonably likely to involve an obligation of such nature or magnitude; or
(B)     is likely to restrict the business of any member of the Wider Infinis Group; or
(C)     is other than in the ordinary course of business,
and which would or might reasonably be expected to be material in the context of the Infinis Group taken as a whole;
(xi)     entered into, implemented, effected or authorised any merger, demerger, reconstruction, amalgamation, scheme, commitment or other transaction or arrangement in respect of itself or another member of the Wider Infinis Group;
(xii)    taken any corporate action or had any legal proceedings instituted or threatened against it or petition presented or order made for its winding‑up (voluntarily or otherwise), dissolution or reorganisation or for the appointment of a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee or similar officer of all or any material part of its assets and revenues or any analogous proceedings in any jurisdiction or appointed any analogous person in any jurisdiction which in any case would or might reasonably be expected to be material in the context of the Infinis Group taken as a whole;
(xiii)   been unable, or admitted in writing that it is unable, to pay its debts or having stopped or suspended (or threatened to stop or suspend) payment of its debts generally or ceased or threatened to cease carrying on all or a substantial part of its business;
(xiv)    waived or compromised any claim otherwise than in the ordinary course of business which would or might reasonably be expected to be material in the context of the Infinis Group taken as a whole;
(xv)    made any alteration to its memorandum or articles of association; or
(xvi)    entered into any agreement, commitment or arrangement or passed any resolution or made any offer (which remains open for acceptance) or proposed or announced any intention with respect to any of the transactions, matters or events referred to in this Condition (e);
(e)      since 31 March 2015 and except as disclosed in Infinis' annual report and accounts for the year then ended or as otherwise publicly announced by Infinis prior to 22 October 2015 (by the delivery of an announcement to a Regulatory Information Service):
(i)       there having been no adverse change or deterioration in the business, assets, financial or trading positions or profit of any member of the Wider Infinis Group which in any case would be material in the context of the Infinis Group taken as a whole;
(ii)      no contingent or other liability of any member of the Wider Infinis Group having arisen or become apparent or increased which in any case would or might reasonably be expected to be material in the context of the Infinis Group taken as a whole;
(iii)     no litigation, arbitration proceedings, prosecution or other legal proceedings to which any member of the Wider Infinis Group is or may become a party (whether as plaintiff, defendant or otherwise) having been threatened, announced, implemented or instituted by or against or remaining outstanding against or in respect of any member of the Wider Infinis Group which is material in the context of the Infinis Group taken as a whole;
(iv)     (other than as a result of the Acquisition) no enquiry or investigation by, or complaint or reference to, any Third Party having been threatened, announced, implemented, instituted by or against or remaining outstanding against or in respect of any member of the Wider Infinis Group which in any case would or might reasonably be expected to be material in the context of the Infinis Group taken as a whole;
(v)      other than with the consent of Monterey, no action having been taken or proposed by any member of the Wider Infinis Group, or having been approved by Infinis Shareholders or consented to by the Panel, which falls or would fall within or under Rule 21.1 of the Code or which otherwise is or would be materially inconsistent with the implementation by Monterey of the Acquisition on the basis contemplated as at the date of this Announcement; and
(vi)     no member of the Wider Infinis Group having conducted its business in breach of any applicable laws and regulations which in any case would or might reasonably be expected to be material in the context of the Infinis Group taken as a whole;
(f)       Monterey not having discovered:
(i)       that any financial or business or other information concerning the Wider Infinis Group disclosed at any time by or on behalf of any member of the Wider Infinis Group, whether publicly, to any member of the Wider Monterey Group or to any of their advisers or otherwise, is misleading or contains any misrepresentation of fact or omits to state a fact necessary to make any information contained therein not misleading and which was not subsequently corrected before 22 October 2015 by disclosure either publicly or otherwise to Monterey to an extent which might reasonably be expected to be material in the context of the Infinis Group taken as a whole;
(ii)      that any member of the Wider Infinis Group is subject to any liability (actual or contingent) which is not disclosed in Infinis' annual report and accounts for the financial year ended 31 March 2015 or in Infinis' interim results for the six months ended 31 September 2015 and which in any case would or might reasonably be expected to be material in the context of the Infinis Group taken as a whole;
(iii)     any past or present member of the Wider Infinis Group has not complied in all material respects with all applicable legislation, regulations or other requirements of any jurisdiction or any Authorisations relating to the use, treatment, storage, carriage, disposal, discharge, spillage, release, leak or emission of any waste or hazardous substance or any substance likely to impair the environment (including property) or harm human health or otherwise relating to environmental matters or the health and safety of humans, which non-compliance would be likely to give rise to any material liability including any penalty for non-compliance (whether actual or contingent) on the part of any member of the Wider Infinis Group;
(iv)     there is any liability (actual or contingent) of any past or present member of the Wider Infinis Group under any environmental legislation, regulation, notice, circular or order of any government, governmental, quasi-governmental, state or local government, supranational, statutory or other regulatory body, agency, court, association or any other person or body in any jurisdiction and which is material in the context of the Wider Infinis Group taken as a whole;
(v)      circumstances exist which would be reasonably likely to lead to any Third Party instituting, or whereby any member of the Wider Monterey Group or any present or past member of the Wider Infinis Group would be likely to be required to institute, an environmental audit or take any other steps which would in any such case be reasonably likely to result in any liability (whether actual or contingent) to improve, modify existing or install new plant, machinery or equipment or carry out changes in the processes currently carried out or make good, remediate, repair, re-instate or clean up any land or other asset currently or previously owned, occupied or made use of by any past or present member of the Wider Infinis Group; or
(vi)     any information which affects the import of any information disclosed at any time by or on behalf of any member of the Wider Infinis Group to an extent which would or might reasonably be expected to be material in the context of the Infinis Group taken as a whole;
For the purpose of these Conditions:
(a)     Third Party means any central bank, government, government department or governmental, quasi‑governmental, supranational, statutory, regulatory, environmental or investigative body, authority (including any national or supranational anti‑trust or merger control authority), court, trade agency, association, institution or professional or environmental body or any other person or body whatsoever in any relevant jurisdiction, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Panel;
(b)      a Third Party shall be regarded as having "intervened" if it has given notice to take, institute, implement or threaten any action, proceeding, suit, investigation, enquiry or reference or made, proposed or enacted any statute, regulation, decision or order or taken any measures or other steps or required any action to be taken or information to be provided or otherwise having done anything and "intervene" shall be construed accordingly; and
(c)      Authorisations means authorisations, orders, grants, recognitions, determinations, certificates, confirmations, consents, licences, clearances, provisions and approvals.
B. Certain further terms of the Scheme and the Acquisition
1        Conditions 3(a) to 3(f) (inclusive) must be fulfilled, be determined by Monterey to be or remain satisfied or (if capable of waiver) be waived by 11.59 p.m. on the date immediately preceding the date of the Scheme Court Hearing, failing which the Scheme will lapse.
2        Notwithstanding the paragraph above and subject to the requirements of the Panel, Monterey reserves the right in its sole discretion to waive all or any of Conditions 3(a) to 3(f) inclusive, in whole or in part and to proceed with the Scheme Court Hearing prior to the fulfilment, satisfaction or waiver of any of the Conditions 3(a) to 3(f) inclusive.
3        Monterey shall be under no obligation to waive (if capable of waiver), to determine to be or remain satisfied or to treat as fulfilled any of Conditions 3(a) to 3(f) (inclusive) by a date earlier than the latest date specified above for the fulfilment of that condition, notwithstanding that the other Conditions may at such earlier date have been waived or fulfilled and that there are, at such earlier date, no circumstances indicating that any Condition may not be capable of fulfilment.
4        Monterey reserves the right to elect to implement the Acquisition by way of a takeover offer (as defined in Part 28 of the Companies Act), subject to the Panel's consent. In such event, such Offer will be implemented on the same terms and conditions (subject to appropriate amendments, including (without limitation) an acceptance condition set at 75 per cent. (or such other percentage (being more than 50 per cent.) as Monterey may decide (subject to the Panel's consent) of the shares to which such Offer relates) so far as applicable, as those which would apply to the Scheme.
5        The Acquisition will be subject, inter alia, to the Conditions and certain further terms which are set out in this Appendix 1 and those terms which will be set out in the Scheme Document and such further terms as may be required to comply with the provisions of the Listing Rules of the UK Listing Authority and the provisions of the Code.
6        The Acquisition will lapse if there is a Phase 2 CMA reference (as defined in the Code and pursuant to Rule 12.1(a)(ii) of the Code) before the General Meeting.
7        Infinis Ordinary Shares will be acquired by Monterey fully paid and free from all liens, equitable interests, charges, encumbrances and other third party rights of any nature whatsoever and together with all rights attaching to them, including the right to receive and retain all dividends and distributions (if any) declared, made or payable after the date of this Announcement.
8        This Announcement and any rights or liabilities arising hereunder, the Acquisition, the Scheme, and any proxies will be governed by English law and be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. The Scheme will be subject to the applicable requirements of the Code, the Listing Rules, the Panel and the London Stock Exchange.
9        Any persons who are subject to the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom should inform themselves about and observe any applicable requirements. Further information in relation to overseas shareholders will be contained in the Scheme Document.
10      Each of the Conditions shall be regarded as a separate Condition and shall not be limited by reference to any other Condition.
Appendix 2
Bases and Sources
1        The value attributed to the issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of Infinis is based upon the 300,070,658 Infinis Ordinary Shares in issue on 21 October 2015 (being the last Business Day before the date of this Announcement). The International Share Identification Number for Infinis Shares is GB00BFG1QM56.
2        Unless otherwise stated, the financial information of Infinis is extracted (without material adjustment) from Infinis' Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2015, Infinis' Q1 trading statement for the period 1 April 2015 to 13 August 2015 and from Infinis' other announcements to a Regulatory Information Service.
3        The market prices of the Infinis Ordinary Shares are the closing middle market quotations as derived from Bloomberg.
Appendix 3
Details of Irrevocable Undertakings
The following holders of Infinis Ordinary Shares have given irrevocable undertakings to vote in favour of the Scheme at the Court Meeting and the resolutions to be proposed at the General Meeting in relation to the following Infinis Ordinary Shares, respectively:




Name


Number of Infinis Ordinary Shares


Approximate percentage of issued ordinary share capital of Infinis (%)






Ian Marchant


140,384


0.047




Eric Machiels


396,414


0.132




Gordon Boyd


396,414


0.132




Chris Cole


30,769


0.010




Ray King


19,230


0.006




Alan Bryce


19,615


0.007




Baroness Sally Morgan


0


0




 
The obligations of the Infinis Independent Directors under the above undertakings are conditional upon the Scheme Circular being despatched to the Infinis Shareholders within 28 days after the date of this Announcement (save that if Monterey subsequently elects to proceed by way of an Offer under the Code then such date shall be extended to the date which is 28 days after the date of any announcement announcing the change in the structure of the Acquisition).
The undertakings from the Infinis Independent Directors will cease to be binding only if the Scheme lapses or is withdrawn and no new, revised or replacement Scheme or Offer is announced in accordance with Rule 2.7 of the Code in its place or is announced, in accordance with Rule 2.7 of the Code, at the same time.
If the Acquisition is subsequently structured as a takeover offer, all the above undertakings will take effect as irrevocable undertakings to accept such offer.
Appendix 4
Definitions
The following definitions apply throughout this Announcement unless the context requires otherwise.




£, Sterling, pence or p


the lawful currency of the UK




Announcement


this announcement made pursuant to Rule 2.7 of the Code




Acquisition


the direct or indirect acquisition of the entire issued and to be issued share capital of Infinis by Monterey (other than Infinis Ordinary Shares already held by Monterey) to be implemented by way of the Scheme or (should Monterey so elect, subject to the consent of the Panel) by way of the Offer




Authorisations


authorisations, orders, grants, recognitions, determinations, certificates, confirmation, consents, licences, clearances, provisions and approvals




Business Day


a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday, public or bank holiday) on which banks are generally open for business in London




CCL


Climate Change Levy




Code


the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers




Companies Act


the Companies Act 2006, as amended from time to time




Conditions


the conditions to the implementation of the Acquisition (including the Scheme) as set out in Appendix 1 to this Announcement and to be set out in the Scheme Document




Court


the High Court of Justice of England and Wales




Court Meeting


the meeting of the Scheme Shareholders to be convened by order of the Court pursuant to section 896 of the Companies Act, notice of which will be set out in the Scheme Document, for the purpose of approving the Scheme, including any adjournment thereof




CREST


the relevant system (as defined in the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (SI 2001/3755)) in respect of which Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited is the Operator (as defined in such Regulations) in accordance with which securities may be held and transferred in uncertificated form




Daily Official List


the daily official list of the London Stock Exchange




Dealing Disclosure


an announcement pursuant to Rule 8 of the Code containing details of dealings in interests in relevant securities of a party to an offer




EBITDA


earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation




Effective Date


the date upon which the Scheme becomes effective in accordance with its terms




Excluded Shares


any Infinis Ordinary Shares beneficially owned by Monterey or any other member of the Monterey Group




FCA


the Financial Conduct Authority




Finsbury


Finsbury LLP




Forms of Proxy


the forms of proxy in connection with each of the Court Meeting and the General Meeting, which shall accompany the Scheme Document




General Meeting


the general meeting of Infinis to be convened in connection with the Scheme, notice of which will be set out in the Scheme Document, including any adjournment thereof




Infinis


Infinis Energy plc, incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 8714174




Infinis Independent Directors


the directors of Infinis that are independent of Terra Firma and Monterey, being all such directors other than Mike Kinski




Infinis Group


Infinis and its subsidiary undertakings




Infinis Ordinary Shares


ordinary shares of 1 pence each in the capital of Infinis




Infinis Share Schemes


the Infinis Energy Long-Term Incentive Plan, the Infinis Energy Share Incentive Plan and the Replacement Long-Term Incentive Plan




Infinis Shareholders


the registered holders of Infinis Ordinary Shares




London Stock Exchange


London Stock Exchange plc




Monterey


Monterey Capital II S.à r.l. incorporated in Luxembourg with registered number B 90247




Offer


if (subject to the consent of the Panel) Monterey elects to effect the Acquisition by way of a takeover offer, the offer to be made by or on behalf of Monterey to acquire the issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of Infinis (other than those shares already held by Monterey) on the terms and subject to the conditions to be set out in the related offer document




Panel


the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers




PRA


the Prudential Regulation Authority




RBC Capital Markets


RBC Europe Limited (trading as RBC Capital Markets)




Registrar of Companies


the Registrar of Companies in England and Wales




Regulatory Information Service


any information service authorised from time to time by the FCA for the purpose of disseminating regulatory announcements




Resolution


the resolutions to be proposed by Infinis at the General Meeting in connection with, among other things, the approval of the Scheme and the alteration of Infinis' articles of association and such other matters as may be necessary to implement the Scheme and the delisting of the Infinis Ordinary Shares




Restricted Jurisdiction


any jurisdiction where the extension or availability of the Scheme or Offer would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction




Scheme


the scheme of arrangement proposed to be made under Part 26 of the Companies Act between Infinis and the Scheme Shareholders, with or subject to any modification, addition or condition approved or imposed by the Court and agreed to by Infinis and Monterey




Scheme Court Hearing


the hearing of the Court to sanction the Scheme




Scheme Court Order


the order of the Court sanctioning the Scheme under Part 26 of the Companies Act




Scheme Document


the document to be sent to (among others) Infinis Shareholders containing and setting out, among other things, the full terms and conditions of the Scheme and containing the notices convening the Court Meeting and General Meeting




Scheme Record Time


the time and date specified in the Scheme Document, expected to be 6.00 p.m. on the Business Day immediately prior to the Effective Date




Scheme Shareholders


holders of Scheme Shares




Scheme Shares


Infinis Ordinary Shares:
(a)        in issue as at the date of the Scheme Document;
(b)        (if any) issued after the date of the Scheme Document and prior to the Scheme Voting Record Time; and
(c)        (if any) issued on or after the Scheme Voting Record Time and before the Scheme Record Time, either on terms that the original or any subsequent holders thereof shall be bound by the Scheme or in respect of which the holders thereof shall have agreed in writing to be bound by the Scheme,
but in each case other than the Excluded Shares




Scheme Voting Record Time


the time and date specified in the Scheme Document by reference to which entitlement to vote on the Scheme will be determined




Substantial Interest


a direct or indirect interest in 20 per cent. or more of the voting equity capital of an undertaking




Terra Firma


Terra Firma Investments (GP) 2 Limited




TFCP


Terra Firma Capital Partners Limited




Third Party


any central bank, government, government department or governmental, quasi-governmental, supranational, statutory, regulatory, environmental or investigative body, authority (including any national or supranational anti-trust or merger control authority), court, trade agency, association, institution or professional or environmental body or any other person or body whatsoever in any relevant jurisdiction, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Panel




UK or United Kingdom


the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland




United States of America, United States or US


the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any state of the United States and the District of Columbia




US Exchange Act


the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (as amended)




US Holders


holders of Infinis Ordinary Shares ordinarily resident in the US or with a registered address in the US, and any custodian, nominee or trustee holding Infinis Ordinary Shares for persons in the US or with a registered address in the US




US Securities Act


the United States Securities Act of 1933 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (as amended)




Wider Infinis Group


Infinis and the subsidiaries and subsidiary undertakings of Infinis and associated undertakings (including any joint venture, partnership, firm or company in which any member of the Infinis Group is interested or any undertaking in which Infinis and such undertakings (aggregating their interests) have a Substantial Interest)




Wider Monterey Group


Monterey and the associated undertakings of Monterey (including any joint venture, partnership, firm or company in which Monterey is interested or any undertaking in which Monterey and such undertakings (aggregating their interests) have a Substantial Interest) but excluding the Wider Infinis Group




WRG


Waste Recycling Group




For the purposes of this Announcement, subsidiary, subsidiary undertaking, undertaking, associated undertaking have the meanings given by the Companies Act.
References to an enactment include references to that enactment as amended, replaced, consolidated or re-enacted by or under any other enactment before or after the date of this Announcement. All references to time in this Announcement are to London time unless otherwise stated.

This information is provided by RNSThe company news service from the London Stock Exchange   END  MSCGUBDGGSDBGUD





























            *All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes.

            FE Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within
            this site.

            The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content
            of an announcement should be directed to the source. FE Investegate reserves the
            right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable
            Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site.


     ©
                2017 Financial Express. All rights reserved. Visit other
                    FE websites
                    
Go to website
FE Trustnet UK
FE Trustnet Offshore
FE Trustnet Hong Kong
FE Trustnet Middle East
FE Analytics
FE Fundlistings








 Close 


To help us provide a better service, please select the description which fits you best...

Investor with a financial adviser or broker
Investor without a financial adviser or broker
Financial adviser
Market professional (broker, banker, solicitor, etc)
Discretionary fund manager
Institutional investor



Close this window
Why are you asking me this question?





Related Instruments












 This website is for Private Investors* only

To continue using FE Investegate, please confirm that you are a private investor.

I am a private investor * I am not a private investor



    *A Private Investor is a recipient of the information who meets all of the conditions set out below, the recipient:
    1. Obtains access to the information in a personal capacity;
    2. Is not required to be regulated or supervised by a body concerned with the regulation or supervision of investment or financial services;
    3. Is not currently registered or qualified as a professional securities trader or investment adviser with any national or state exchange, regulatory authority, professional association or recognised professional body;
    4. Does not currently act in any capacity as an investment adviser, whether or not they have at some time been qualified to do so;
    5. Uses the information solely in relation to the management of their personal funds and not as a trader to the public or for the investment of corporate funds;
    6. Does not distribute, republish or otherwise provide any information or derived works to any third party in any manner or use or process information or derived works for any commercial purposes.
    







 To continue to use FE Investegate, please confirm you are a private investor

This website is only for private investors. By using this site, you agree to use the content for private use only.
Please confirm that you are a private investor using the buttons below.

I am a private investor I am not a private investor












        a d v e r t i s e m e n t










































Banco de España - List of financial vehicle corporations - Luxembourg







































Español

English


CA




EU




GA




VA







Youtube




Flickr




RSS




LinkedIn








Search : 




 









About us


Eurosystem 


SSM


Services


Employment and grants


Legislation


Publications 


Press room











BUSINESS AREAS



Choose an area
Economic analysis
Banknotes and coins
Central Balance Sheet Data Office
Financial stability
Statistics
Public debt market
Monetary policy 
Payment systems
Banking Supervision
 






BUSINESS AREAS


Economic analysis


Banknotes and coins


Central Balance Sheet Data Office


Financial stability


Statistics


Public debt market


Monetary policy 


Payment systems


Banking Supervision













Statistics






Home


Statistics


Financial vehicle corporations


List of financial vehicle corporations

Luxembourg


Luxembourg










Date: 24-07-2017



Luxembourg

IDENTIFICATION CODE
FUND NAME
MANAGEMENT NAME
ADDRESS
NATURE OF SECURITISATION
ISIN CODES


LUT189228
1590 Alternative Investments SA

51 Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP , Luxembourg

DE000A180FS1



LUT177530
1640 Investment 2 S.à r.l.

37, rue d' Anvers, CP L-1130, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT185584
1640 Investment 3 S.à r.l.

37, rue d' Anvers, CP L-1130, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT190733
1640 Investment 4 S.à r.l.

37, rue d' Anvers, CP L-1130, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT197272
1640 Investment 5 S.à.r.l.

37, rue d'Anvers, CP L-1130, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT168893
1640 Investment S.à r.l.

37, rue d' Anvers, CP L-1130, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT143838
1stAMG S.A.

10, Rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

LU0759693848XS0910458859XS0910461218XS0910463263XS0910463933XS0953813085



LUT197784
3D SOLUTIONS

89E, Parc d'Activités, CP L-8308, CAPELLEN

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT107857
4 Star Consulting S.A.

10, Rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT010043
4T Commodities-Fond MINING

25B, Boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT153196
Abacus Financial Assets Recovery Corporation S.A.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT157117
Abbot-Turbo Holdings s.à r.l.

42-44, avenue de la Gare, CP L-1610, LUXEMBOURG

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT199938
AB Commercial Real Estate Debt Investor S.A.

49, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

LU1328125353



LUT178866
abc SME Lease Germany SA

52-54 avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XS0981828378XS0981837106XS0981843849XS0981848996XS1261447418XS1261447509XS1261447681XS1261447848XS1480824215XS1480825022XS1480825881XS1480826004



LUT187776
Aberdonia Holding S.à r.l.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT203560
AB Private Credit Investors Middle Market Direct Lending S.à r.l.

6D, Route de Trêves, CP L-2633, Senningerberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT124075
ABS Funding S.A.

25A, Boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XS1114079673XS1114079830XS1177802102XS1223269348XS1223272722XS1232216728XS1232227923XS1265191509XS1273460540XS1273461787XS1323906229XS1323906658XS1323907383XS1374047535XS1374047709XS1374048004XS1374053343XS1374057336XS1374062500XS1374064894XS1374065198XS1374065271XS1374065354XS1398327368XS1398328093XS1398332012XS1398333416XS1446556646XS1454969772XS1454970606XS1533171192XS1555461588XS1555465068



LUT185700
ACB INVEST S.A.

56, rue Glesener, CP L-1630, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT180798
ACM Finance Luxembourg S.A.

8-10, Avenue de la Gare, CP L-1610, Luxembourg

XS1048950932XS1254415489XS1380764826XS1384268402XS1430593597XS1499214945XS1499215165XS1555131959



LUT196575
ACS (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.

1A, Heienhaff, CP L-1736, Senningerberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT170255
Acuro S.A.

3/a, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT152147
Adams Rayner Capital S.à R.L.

51, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT200198
Addington Square Investments S.à r.l.

6D, route de Trèves, CP L-2633, Senningerberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT146986
Adonis S.A.

17, Rue Beaumont, CP L-1219, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT189183
Advance MultiFund S.A.

10, Rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

LU1094679286LU1321118710LU1466627574XS1169015101XS1341395108



LUT190849
ADVANTAGE LUXEMBOURG S.A.

2, route de Mondorf, CP L-5670, Altwies

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT084686
Aeolos S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS0140322743



LUT198395
Aequitas Income Opportunities (Luxembourg) SA

19, rue de Bitbourg, CP L-1273, Luxembourg

XS1263027978XS1263028430XS1268465256XS1273975620XS1306323350XS1306325306XS1346871939XS1346873398XS1346874016XS1346875179XS1346883868XS1346907550



LUT194181
AFLP Securitisation S.à r.l.

48, rue d'Eich, CP L-1460, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT129228
Africa Edge S.à R.L.

75, Parc d'activités, CP L-8308, Capellen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT210239
AFRICA TRADE FINANCE S.A.

412F, route d'Esch, CP L-2086, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000031
AGATE ASSETS S.A.

28-32 Place de la Gare, CP L-1616, Luxembourg

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



LUT132659
agri.capital Group S.A.

42-44, Avenue de la Gare, CP L-1610, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT166123
Agriarctos S.A.

8, Rue 1900, CP L-2157, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT138696
AIE EuroLux S.à R.L.

44, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT150272
AIP S.A.

5, Heienhaff, CP L-1736, Senningerberg

LU0479712175LU0631023008XS0479712175



LUT194995
Aiqon Capital Invest (Lux)

6, rue Adolphe, CP L-1116, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000013
AIV S.A.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

LU1091655222XS0395370363XS0399802742XS0406834530XS0406903525XS0432058625XS0460381857XS0554544428XS0554549575XS1048585464XS1173018349XS1246717018XS1254947226XS1489737178



LUT127473
Ak Bars Luxembourg S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS0805131439XS1272198265



LUT113213
Aktiengesellschaft für Umstzfinanzierung,"AGfU"

5, rue Heienhaff, CP L-1736, Senningerberg

XS1299336823XS1438529890



LUT201694
ALBA CAPITAL PARTNERS S.C.A.

10, rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

XS1340869988XS1340870051



LUT051791
Albion Capital Corporation S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS0238226871



LUT000016
ALCEDA STAR S.A.

5, Heienhaff, CP L-1736, Senningerberg

LU0482782215LU0524382925LU0539600816LU0541743067LU0606383494LU0623989810LU0650058836LU1018008810XS0315212976XS0356743061XS0363226324XS0387534950XS0391235768XS0402692742XS0406845650XS0410448459XS0414503390XS0417433108XS0424801263XS0425683769XS0432510153XS0433131264XS0437099764XS0440452810XS0446260712



LUT181842
Alcentra ECOF S.à r.l.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT166033
Alcentra European Floating Rate Income S.A.

60, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT181841
Alcentra MS S.à r.l.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT170814
Alcentra SV II S.à r.l.

2-4, Rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT147300
Alcentra SV S.à r.l.

2-4, Rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT209441
Aldburg S.A.

2, boulevard de la Foire, CP L-1528, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT186136
ALEF II

33, Boulevard Prince Henri, CP L-1724, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT170920
Aleph Investments Lux S.A.

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT177996
Alghero Holding Lux S.à r.l.

2, rue du Fossé, CP L-1536, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT196302
Alkali Europe III S.à r.l.

6, rue Adolphe, CP L-1116, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT184550
Alkali Investments II S.à r.l.

6, rue Adolphe, CP L-1116, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT173607
Alkali Luxembourg S.à r.l.

6, rue Adolphe, CP L-1116, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000002
ALLEGRO INVESTMENT CORPORATION S.A.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

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



LUT110746
Allgemeine Gesellschaft für Verbriefungen S.A. (AGV S.A.)

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS0828893700XS0893372671XS0906517650XS0925012725XS0963406052XS1078340368XS1078340798XS1123735943XS1129890643XS1353806521XS1429433524XS1487648757



LUT186462
ALLIANCE LAUNDRY EQUIPMENT RECEIVABLES EUROPE S.À R.L.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT207093
Allianz Fund Investments 2 S.A.

412 F, Route d'Esch, CP L-2086, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT189229
Allianz Fund Investments S.A.

14, boulevard F.D. Roosevelt, CP L-2450, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT140210
Al Mi'yar Capital S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS0521402346XS0848934989



LUT198156
Alpha European Private Debt S.A

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

DE000A1Z3JM4



LUT199326
ALPHALUX Sàrl

100A, route d'Arlon, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT188109
Alpinum Investment S.A.

33A, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, LUXEMBOURG

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT183949
AL Securitisation Limited

19, rue de Bitbourg, CP L-1273, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT129923
Alson Finance S.A.

23, Rue Aldringen, CP L-1118, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT153371
ALTERCAP CCA I SA

412F, route d'Esch, CP L-2086, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT010035
Alternative

10, Rue C. M. Spoo, CP L-2546, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT212383
Alternative European Securitisation

14a, Grand-Rue, CP L-8510, Redange-sur-Attert

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT198201
ALTFIN Luxembourg SV

1b, rue Jean Piret, CP L-2350, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT202159
Altinv S.A.

11/13, boulevard de la Foire, CP L-1528, Luxembourg

XS1386181454XS1403371377



LUT101870
Alzette European CLO SA

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

US02262BAA26US02262BAB09US02262BAC81US02262BAD64US02262BAG95US02262BAH78US02262BAJ35US02262BAK08US02262BAL80US02262BAM63US02262BAN47US02262BAP94US02262BAQ77US02262BAR50XS0206388000XS0206388695XS0206389156XS0206389313XS0206389743XS0206390089XS0206390592XS0206390675XS0206391053XS0206392457XS0206399387XS0206400573XS0206400904XS0206401548XS0206402512XS0206403080



LUT190961
Alzette Secuiritisation S.A.

17, rue Beaumont, CP L-1219, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT191159
Amazona Investment III S.à r.l.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT191130
Amazona Investment II S.à r.l.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT191120
Amazona Investment I S.à.r.l.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT192473
Amber Investments S.à r.l.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT177153
American Capital Acquisition Investments S.A.

21, rue Léon Laval, CP L-3372, Leudelange

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT197620
AML Investments S.A.

4, rue Jean Engling, CP L-1466, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT118803
Amorim Investments II S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1143, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT135698
Amorim Investments V S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1143, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT127407
AMP Capital Investors (Direct Property Fund) Luxembourg

15, rue Edward Steichen, CP L-2540, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT144392
Ampere Finance S.A.

9, rue Schiller, CP L-2519, Luxembourg

XS1325860127



LUT181843
AMT Capital Holdings III - Société de Titrisation

21, rue Léon Laval, CP L-3372, Leudelange

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT161326
AMT CAPITAL HOLDINGS S.A.

21, rue Léon Laval, CP L-3372, Leudelange

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT210922
AMT CHRONOS

21, rue Léon Laval, CP L-3372, Leudelange

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT210903
AMT PLUTUS

21, rue Léon Laval, CP L-3372, Leudelange

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT212868
ANGLO CONTINENTAL SECURITIES

13, rue de la Fonderie, CP L-1531, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT145933
Antbear Securitisation S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT203447
Anthracite Capital Investments S.à r.l.

102a, rue de Luxembourg, CP L-8140, Bridel

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT207861
AO Finance S.A.

25C, Boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT133933
APCOA Finance Lux S.à r.l.

25, Rue Philippe II, CP L-2340, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT169391
APC Securitization S.A.

4, Place de Paris, CP L-1017, Luxembourg

LU1321109487LU1324464400



LUT112912
Apeiron Investments SCA

3 avenue Pasteur, CP L-2311, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT086218
Aphex S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS0205956989XS0206954124XS0221237778XS0231873372XS0256386383XS0404944729XS0425393500XS0437057416XS0685914730XS0707467196XS0732491716XS0737175314XS0744862235XS0749850417



LUT209452
APL Securities S.A R.L.

6B, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT204416
APS Delta S.A.

1, rue Jean Piret, CP L-2350, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT205094
AP Structured Finance Luxembourg S.à r.l.

412F, Route d'Esch, CP L-2086, LUXEMBOURG

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT174658
Apsu S.à r.l.

45-47, route d'Arlon, CP L-1140, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT084485
Aquarius Investments Luxembourg S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2346, Luxembourg

XS0298905950



LUT192618
ARACALUX S.A.

18, rue Robert Stümper, CP L-2557, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT118493
ARAGORN SECURITIZATION S.A.

25 A, Boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

LU0868358515XS0873506736XS0975833665XS1162450602XS1163232819



LUT186258
ARCADIA AM S.A.

65, Avenue de la Gare, CP L-1611, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT205002
Archean S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS1451550021



LUT137746
Ardilla segur S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2227, Luxembourg

LU1072258111LU1114452144XS0552649534XS0599782686XS0599787487XS0685219395XS0989291421XS1382452172XS1439792968



LUT212810
AREO II S.à r.l.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT158948
AREO S.à r.l.

55, avenue Pasteur, CP L-2311, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT084517
Ares Finance 2 S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT202049
Argan 2 S.à r.l.

6D, Route de Trèves, CP L-2633, Senningerberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT174898
Argento Access S.à r.l.

412F, route d'Esch, CP L-2086, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000038
ARGENTUM CAPITAL S.A.

51, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XS1022035429XS1022035932XS1027954665XS1030988239XS1035254629XS1035254892XS1035254975XS1035759239XS1035759312XS1035759403XS1035759585XS1035759668XS1035760088XS1035760161XS1035760674XS1035831798XS1039387912XS1042817459XS1046831423XS1047497398XS1050202792XS1053953961XS1053954266XS1053954340XS1053954696XS1053954779XS1053954852XS1055102179XS1055514878XS1056161471XS1057541242XS1063343401XS1066862621XS1066863199XS1066866291XS1066866457XS1066866531XS1066866614XS1066866705XS1066866887XS1071539776XS1071539933XS1076431094XS1076431177XS1076431250XS1076431334XS1076431417XS1076431508XS1076431680XS1076431763XS1076431847XS1076509972XS1076536199XS1079736648XS1083010154XS1089241795XS1103554751XS1105880204XS1106310904XS1106311035XS1106311118XS1106311209XS1106311381XS1106311464XS1107221175XS1107886225XS1109744695XS1110971279XS1113901422XS1113902404XS1119310974XS1119311949XS1120001943XS1120482432XS1120891442XS1120891525XS1120891798XS1120891871XS1120891954XS1120892093XS1120892176XS1120892259XS1120892416XS1121307562XS1123032861XS1123033166XS1126474227XS1126474656XS1130790709XS1135127253XS1136180863XS1138642068XS1138642142XS1138642225XS1141941663XS1141942042XS1148028837XS1150698535XS1150698618XS1150698881XS1150698964XS1150699004XS1150699186XS1153419798XS1162128208XS1175330858XS1175330932XS1175331070XS1175331153XS1177459887XS1177459960XS1177460034XS1186131550XS1190987856XS1193141519XS1196517780XS1198104777XS1198104934XS1198232859XS1198251131XS1204237207XS1204237629XS1204259516XS1204259607XS1204259789XS1204259862XS1204259946XS1204260100XS1204260282XS1204265083XS1205465112XS1209026522XS1209092748XS1210360530XS1211433724XS1223425577XS1225003653XS1225018172XS1225097374XS1225097457XS1225097531XS1225097614XS1225097705XS1225097887XS1225097960XS1227069314XS1227069405XS1227069587XS1228331945XS1234226519XS1234360169XS1234887682XS1235147938XS1241112009XS1241112181XS1245292716XS1245325078XS1245325151XS1245325235XS1245325318XS1245325409XS1245325581XS1245325664XS1245325748XS1245325821XS1245681967XS1257021557XS1257777323XS1261161795XS1261162256XS1261162330XS1261162413XS1261162686XS1261162769XS1261162843XS1261163064XS1261163148XS1261163221XS1261164039XS1261164112XS1261164542XS1261164625XS1261164898XS1261164971XS1261165192XS1261165358XS1261166166XS1261166323XS1261166596XS1261167057XS1261167305XS1261167560XS1261167727XS1261167990XS1261168881XS1261168964XS1261169004XS1261169343XS1261169855XS1261170192XS1261170275XS1261170358XS1261170432XS1261170606XS1261170861XS1261171083XS1261171166XS1261171240XS1261171323XS1261171596XS1261171752XS1261171836XS1261172131XS1261172214XS1261172560XS1261173295XS1261173378XS1261173535XS1261173618XS1261174004XS1261174343XS1261174426XS1261174939XS1261175159XS1261175233XS1261175662XS1261175829XS1261176041XS1261176397XS1261176801XS1261177288XS1261177361XS1261177445XS1261178096XS1261178336XS1261178419XS1261178500XS1261179227XS1261179490XS1261179573XS1261179656XS1261180159XS1261180316XS1261180662XS1261181124XS1261181397XS1261181637XS1261181710XS1261182106XS1261182445XS1261182874XS1261183096XS1261183336XS1261183419XS1261183500XS1267601919XS1269351539XS1272763829XS1272764553XS1274522611XS1283501952XS1283502174XS1283502257XS1283502331XS1283502414XS1283502687XS1283502760XS1283502844XS1283502927XS1283503149XS1285311491XS1291626270XS1296681569XS1303770173XS1303770256XS1303770413XS1303770504XS1303770686XS1303770769XS1303770843XS1303770926XS1303771064XS1303771221XS1303771494XS1303771577XS1304607713XS1308019782XS1309445747XS1309446125XS1382540034XS1382540117XS1382540208XS1382540380XS1382540463XS1382540547XS1382540620XS1382540976XS1543590100XS1549458658XS1549458732XS1549458815XS1549458906XS1549461280XS1549461793XS1549462338XS1549462411XS1549463229XS1549463492



LUT079122
Ariadne S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT198906
Aries (Alpine) Issuer S.à r.l

231, Val des Bons Malades, CP L-2121, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT207818
aries securities

13, rue de la fonderie, CP L-1531, luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT111830
ARM Asset Backed Securities S.A.

22-24 Rives de Clausen, CP L-2165, Luxembourg

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



LUT144456
ARMAT INVESTMENT S.A.

4, Rue Albert Borschette, CP L-1246, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT191699
Armat Lending Strategies

4, rue Albert Borschette, CP L-1246, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT213251
Artemis Finance S.à r.l.

26-28, rue Edward Steichen, CP L-2540, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT214339
Artemis Securitisation S.A.

19, rue de Bitbourg, CP L-1273, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT197727
ARTS Leonardo 2015 -1 S.A.

52-54 avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XS1247793836



LUT162885
Ärztliche Beteiligungsgesellschaft (AEBG) S.A.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT119692
ASAR International S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT193051
ASBURY PARK III S.à r.l.

51, Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT193052
ASBURY PARK II S.à r.l.

51, Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT193050
ASBURY PARK I S.à r.l.

51, Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT129383
Asbury Park S.à R.L.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT107848
Ashwell Rated S.A.

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS0224627090



LUT108800
Ashwell S.A.

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS0224627256XS0224627686XS0224627843XS0255339177XS0256286161XS0286707707XS0288760688XS0297529074XS0313144619XS0313145269XS0321418385



LUT167027
ASK Invest S.à r.l.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT206899
Asset Strategy S.A.

18, rue Robert Stümper, CP L-2557, Luxembourg

LU1547073442



LUT208714
Athena Financial S.A.

41, avenue de la Liberté, CP L-1931, Luxembourg

XS1479231984



LUT072958
Atlantic International Assets S.A.

10, Rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT202404
Atlantic Luxembourg S.A.

52-54, avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT191301
Atlas - Investment Solutions S.A.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT177492
AUREA VALLIS INVEST S.A.

1, Rue Nicolas Simmer, CP L-2538, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT213927
Aurum Access S.àr.l.

412F, route d'Esch, CP L-2086, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT206988
Autofinance S.A.

52-54, avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT154741
AVANA Securities S.à r.l.

16, Rue Jean-Pierre Brasseur, CP L-1258, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT170846
Avant Tarjeta S1 S.à r.l.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT167216
Aviation Securitization Investments Luxembourg S.à r.l.

6, Rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT190428
Aviva Infrastructure Debt Europe I S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT205125
Aviva Investors Alternative Income Solutions Investments S.A.

16, Avenue de la Gare, CP L-1610, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT213846
Aviva Investors Alternatives S.A.

2, rue du Fort Bourbon, CP L-1249, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT173397
Aviva Investors European Secondary Infrastructure Credit SV S.A.

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS0861606332



LUT213019
Aviva Investors Multi-Asset Alternative Income S.A.

16, Avenue de la Gare, CP L-1610, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT131873
Avondale Securities S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS0326459418XS0326463444



LUT204612
AVRAY

89E, Parc d'activités, CP L-8308, Capellen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT110995
Axius European CLO SA

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

US05462YAA38US05462YAD76US05462YAE59US05462YAF25US05462YAG08US05462YAH80US05462YAJ47XS0322030353XS0322030866XS0322031088XS0322031245XS0322031328XS0322039149XS0326106175



LUT197644
Azure Mortgage Investments S.à r.l.

2-4, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT151722
B4 Invest S.A.

18, Rue de l'Eau, CP L-1449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT207887
Backbone South SME S.à r.l.

1, rue Jean-Pierre Brasseur, CP L-1258, Luxembourg

LU1470450187



LUT108162
BAEK Securitisation S.à r.l.

2, Place d'Argent, CP L-1413, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT186952
Balteum Investors S.à r.l.

6D, route de Trèves, CP L-2633, Senningerberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT075744
Banny Investissements S.A.

24, rue Astrid, CP L-1143, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT202787
Barton Capital S.A.

51, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT171772
Baserepo No.1 S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT170707
Bastion Investments S.à r.l.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT169978
Batata S.A.

92, Rue de Bonnevoie, CP L-1260, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT171530
Baumarkt Finance S.A.

203, route d'Esch, CP L-1471, Luxembourg

XS0910493419



LUT175767
Bavarian Sky Europe S.A.

52-54 avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT127982
Bavarian Sky S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS0479275017XS0479319591XS0789919767XS0789930145XS0935272830XS0935275429XS1083297421XS1083303419XS1222738731XS1222740471XS1321419910XS1321420173XS1396875665XS1396875749XS1484801763XS1484802142



LUT189225
BEAUFORT SECURITISATION S.A.

32, avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

DE000A1Z5468DE000A1Z72Q0XS1209487419



LUT202203
Bech Holdings SV S.à r.l.

5c, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT098271
Beckham Investments S.à r.l.

15, rue Edward Steichen, CP L-2540, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT168079
Beechbrook Mezzanine 2012 S.à r.l.

1, rue Hildegard von Bingen, CP L-1282, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT178669
Beechbrook Mezzanine II S.à r.l.

1, rue Hildegard von Bingen, CP L-1282, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT144352
Beechbrook Mezzanine I S.à R.L.

1, rue Hildegard von Bingen, CP L-1282, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT209538
Beechbrook Private Debt III S.à r.l.

1, rue Hildegard von Bingen, CP L-1282, Luxembourg

LU1531758537



LUT179996
Bee First Finance S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS0987069332XS0987076972XS0987077350XS0996782321



LUT204061
Belfort Credit S.à r.l.

10A, rue Henri M. Schnadt, CP L-2530, Luxembourg

XS1387978999XS1387979294



LUT101703
Beluga Finance Corporation S.A.

42-44, Avenue de la Gare, CP L-1610, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT174558
Belvedere Financing S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT164255
Bentley Holdings S.A.

64, rue Principale, CP L-5367, Schuttrange

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT167114
Berkeley Square Development Finance S.A.

11, avenue Guillaume, CP L-1651, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT210219
Bester Capital Investments Luxembourg

16a, avenue de la Liberté, CP L-1930, LUXEMBOURG

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT205035
BETHALUX Sàrl

100A, route d'Arlon, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT197573
BFG Trade Receivable Sàrl

100A, route d'Arlon, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT205359
BG Asset Securitisation Lux S.C.A.

1b, rue Jean Piret, CP L-2350, Luxembourg

LU1437832949LU1437833673LU1437833756LU1459748791LU1459751746LU1459753445



LUT185815
BG Finance S.A.

52-54, avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

LU1374497227



LUT115069
Black Diamond CLO 2006-1 (Luxembourg) SA

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

USL0525CAA47USL0525CAF34USL0525CAG17USL0525CAH99XS0282504280XS0282508190XS0282509164XS0282671188XS0283989480XS0283989993XS0283990652XS0284405296



LUT124209
Bluebird Securities S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT169926
Blue Water Capital S.A.

8, rue de Beggen, CP L-1220, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT077204
Bogey Investissements S.A.

25B, Boulevard Royal (4ème étage), CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT179497
Bond House S.A.

6B, route de Trèves, CP L-2633, Senningerberg

LU0965091977LU1044807300LU1448474582LU1497619269XS1086758536XS1086759005XS1105201070XS1198278258XS1294422636XS1384083702XS1446807239



LUT117517
Bonnefont S.à R.L.

24, avenue Emile Reuter, CP L-2420, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT177094
BREDS II (LuxCo) S.A.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT117886
Breeze Finance S.A.

8-10, rue Jean Monnet, CP L-2180, Luxembourg

XS0294895056XS0294895726XS0294895999XS0377044747



LUT158045
Brentoir Investissements S.A.

127, rue de Mühlenbach, CP L-2168, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT164407
BREOF II Lux S.à r.l.

14, Rue Edward Steichen, CP L-2540, LUXEMBOURG

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT208587
BRIDGE Securitisation S.C.A.

20, Boulevard Emmanuel Servais, CP L-2535, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT150048
Bristol Capital S.A.

19, Boulevard Grande Duchesse Charlotte, CP L-1331, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT142364
Broadleaf (Lux.) S.à R.L.

44, Avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT213639
BROOKFIELD SECURITIES S.A.

6C, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT136973
Bumper 2 S.A.

20, rue de la Poste, CP L-2346, Luxembourg

XS0353137028XS0594524521XS0594525098XS0594525171



LUT201636
BUMPER 7 S.A.

52-54, avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XS1340900064XS1340900221



LUT185532
Bumper DE S.A.

20, rue de la Poste, CP L-2346, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT213240
Caduceus Investment 2 S.à r.l.

52-54, avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT150090
CADUCEUS INVESTMENT S.A.

52-54, Avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT183575
CAERUS Securitization S.à r.l.

5, Heienhaff, CP L-1736, Senningesberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT072170
Caesar Finance 1999 S.A.

14, rue Edward Steichen, CP L-2540, Luxembourg

XS0103929773



LUT165329
Calycanthe Sàrl

3 avenue Pasteur, CP L-2311, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT213010
Campus Square S.à r.l.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT173818
Canepa Capital, S.à r.l.

75, Parc d'Activités, CP L-8308, Capellen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT187542
Capital One Partners S.A.

12a, rue Léandre Lacroix, CP L-1913, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT171311
Carlisle Portfolio Investments

9, rue Sainte Zithe, CP L-2763, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT145778
Carlyle Strategic Partners II Luxembourg S.à R.L.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT175289
Carrera Finance S.A.

52-54, avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT105233
Cartainvest II S.A.

9A, boulevard Prince Henri, CP L-1724, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT194971
Cartesian Finance S.A.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP , Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT181978
Cartesian Residential Mortgages 2013-1 S.A.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XS1024418185XS1024423425XS1024434620XS1024438456XS1024442565XS1033037539



LUT215405
Cartesian Residential Mortgages 2 S.A.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT192865
Castellum ABF S.A.

52-54 avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

DE000A1ZVDG0DE000A1ZVDH8



LUT206206
Castle Bridges S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT159571
CBV Securitization S.à r.l.

35, Avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT162977
CCMP Alaeo Luxco

19, rue de Bitbourg, CP L-1273, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT168650
CCPEOF Luxembourg

51, avenue J. F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT200190
CEDL I (Levered) S.à r.l.

51, Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT199671
CEDL I S.à r.l.

51, Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT209747
CEDL SMA S.à r.l.

51, Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, LUXEMBOURG

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT197964
CEP III TW S.à r.l.

2, avenue Charles de Gaulle, CP L-1653, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT095244
Ceres Finance (Luxembourg) S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT169582
Certes Capital SA

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

LU0910930816LU0922220982LU1000387222LU1001674685LU1062026486LU1115157270LU1209844890



LUT159888
CETP II Co-Invest S.à r.l.

2, Avenue Charles de Gaulle, CP L-1653, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT150089
CF Special Opportunities S.A.

1B, rue Jean Piret, CP L-2350, Luxembourg

LU1435776437



LUT201466
ChabottFund

18, rue Robert Stümper, CP L-2557, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT187778
Chamonix Holding S.à r.l.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT185558
Channel Finance S.A.

51, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT210183
Channel Lux S.A.

51 Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1853, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT130488
Cherras Investments S.à R.L.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT133421
Cheyne Capital Guaranteed Credit S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS0332682466XS0332700540



LUT214598
Chiemsee Receivables Finance S.A.

46A, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT188047
Chronos Strategies S.A.

46a, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT166103
CILIX INVESTMENTS S.A.

95, Rue Ermesinde, CP L-1469, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT191667
CJSLO Securitisation S.à r.l.

48, rue d'Eich, CP L-1460, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT200209
Clareant EDL II Conduit S.A.

51, Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT199680
Clareant SCF S.à r.l.

51, Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT086222
Clarenville CDO S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT190361
ClarumSP

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

CH0297897966



LUT200804
CLO Alpha I S.A.

6, Place de Nancy, CP L-2212, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT163904
Clouse S.A.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

CH0131427962CH0143077987CH0189003038DE000A11N858DE000A180FP7DE000A18J5M4DE000A1RNX59DE000A1ZRKU4DE000A1ZT7C3DE000A2A97K1DE000A2AX5Y3DE000A2AX9K4DE000A2B8UG9DE000A2CCA48



LUT210478
CLYBON Financial Services S.à r.l.

10 A, Rue Henri M. Schnadt, CP L-2530, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT130065
CO.FI Investments S.A.

1, rue Jean Piret, CP L-2350, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000018
CODEIS SECURITIES SA

15, boulevard Prince Henri, CP L-1724, Luxembourg

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



LUT146133
ColCrystal S.à r.l.

121, Avenue de la Faïencerie, CP L-1511, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT153912
ColFord (Lux) S.à r.l.

121, Avenue de la Faïencerie, CP L-1511, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT162393
Col Hunt A (Lux) S.à r.l.

121, Avenue de la Faïencerie, CP L-1511, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT153989
Col Hunt B (Lux) S.à r.l.

121, Avenue de la Faïencerie, CP L-1511, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT211021
Colonnade Global 2016-1 SARL

6, Rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XS1533958028



LUT211163
Colonnade Global 2016-2 SARL

6, Rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT210960
Colonnade UK 2016-1 SARL

6, Rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XS1533956758



LUT210967
Colonnade UK 2016-2 SARL

6, Rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XS1533957640



LUT205466
Colony Distressed Credit and Special Situations Fund IV Feeder N, S.A

121, avenue de la Faïencerie, CP L-1511, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT211264
Comac (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.

46a, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT157767
Commercial Real Estate Loans Holding S.A.

2-4, Rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XS0654715233XS0654716470XS0689652765XS0689788585XS0719877366XS0719881475XS0719883505XS0719885039XS0804210101XS0804210366XS0804211687XS0811468296XS0811468536XS0811468700XS0856978035XS0856981336XS0863480124XS0925171521XS0925172339XS0925173816XS0925174038



LUT136136
Commercial Self Storage Estate Investments S.A.

18-20, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT131365
Comodot S.à r.l.

18, rue Michel Rodange, CP L-2430, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT181368
Compagnie d'Investissements Nord Européens S.A.

55, avenue de la Liberté, CP L-1831, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT146408
Compass Luxembourg S.A.

20, rue de la Poste, CP L-2346, Luxembourg

LU0435178487LU0469253941LU0557635181



LUT173127
Concordo S.à r.l.

14, Rue Edward Steichen, CP L-2540, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT170360
Conrent Invest S.A.

19, Rue de Bitbourg, CP L-1273, Luxembourg

DE000A1Z5Z26



LUT214866
CONVERT SECURITIZATION S.A.

3, boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT181004
Cooper Holdings II, S.àr.l.

5c, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT149269
CORAL Partners (Lux) S.à r.l.

121, Avenue de la Faïencerie, CP L-1511, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT194554
Coral Securitisation SA

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT157494
Corelux Purchaser No. 1 S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT157493
Corelux S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS1562563152



LUT081490
Corporate Credit (europe) S.A.

80, route d'Esch, CP L-1470, Luxembourg

XS0286990857XS0370533928XS0370534223XS0370534496



LUT209446
Cranbrook S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP , Luxembourg

XS1523205745



LUT114853
CRC Breeze Finance S.A.

8-10, rue Jean Monnet, CP L-2180, Luxembourg

XS0253493349XS0253496870



LUT193317
CRC CF (LUX) S.à r.l.

8-10, avenue de la Gare, CP L-1610, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT195961
CRC Credit (Lux) S.à r.l.

8-10, avenue de la Gare, CP L-1610, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT194879
CREAPHOENIX

89e, Parc d'activités, CP L-8308, Capellen

MT0000981200



LUT182573
Creditis S.A.

16, Rue Jean l'Aveugle, CP L-1148, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT200382
Creditum S.A.

51 Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP , Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT168154
CREL Issuance S.à r.l.

21, Boulevard Grande Duchesse Charlotte, CP L-1331, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT195979
CRE LOANS DEBT ISSUANCE S.A R.L.

2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT190729
CRE Loans Holding S.à r.l.

2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT144025
Crest Capital S.A.

45, Route d'Arlon, CP L-8009, Strassen

LU0407271831LU0407272565



LUT214975
Crimson Leaf Property S.A.

10, rue Nicolas Adames, CP L-1114, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000040
CROSSLEND SECURITIES SA

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

DE000B8AA002DE000B8AA028DE000B8AA036DE000B8AA077DE000B8AA0R7DE000B8AA0S5DE000B8AA0X5DE000B8AA184DE000B8AA1K0DE000B8AA1U9DE000B8AA2B7DE000B8AA2D3DE000B8AA2E1DE000B8AAA02DE000B8AAA10DE000B8AAA51DE000B8AAA69DE000B8AAAC6DE000B8AAAG7DE000B8AAAK9DE000B8AAAN3DE000B8AAAT0DE000B8AAAY0DE000B8AAB01DE000B8AAB19DE000B8AAB27DE000B8AAB35DE000B8AABB6DE000B8AABC4DE000B8AABM3DE000B8AABN1DE000B8AAC67DE000B8AAC75DE000B8AACF5DE000B8AACK5DE000B8AACM1DE000B8AACN9DE000B8AACP4DE000B8AACU4DE000B8AACW0DE000B8AAD66DE000B8AADJ5DE000B8AADN7DE000B8AADQ0DE000B8AAEA2DE000B8AAEJ3DE000B8AAES4DE000B8AAEW6DE000B8AAEY2DE000B8AAFA9DE000B8AAFS1DE000B8AAFU7DE000B8AAFY9DE000B8AAG14DE000B8AAG22DE000B8AAG30DE000B8AAGC3DE000B8AAGQ3DE000B8AAGT7DE000B8AAGW1DE000B8AAH21DE000B8AAH62DE000B8AAHL2DE000B8AAHM0DE000B8AAHQ1DE000B8AAHT5DE000B8AAHY5DE000B8AAJ03DE000B8AAJ60DE000B8AAJ78DE000B8AAJC7DE000B8AAJK0DE000B8AAJQ7DE000B8AAJS3DE000B8AAJT1DE000B8AAJV7DE000B8AAJZ8DE000B8AAK18DE000B8AAK34DE000B8AAK42DE000B8AAK59DE000B8AAK83DE000B8AAKE1DE000B8AAKM4DE000B8AAKP7DE000B8AAKQ5DE000B8AAKT9DE000B8AAKW3DE000B8AAKY9DE000B8AAL09DE000B8AAL17DE000B8AAL25DE000B8AAL74DE000B8AAL82DE000B8AALA7DE000B8AALB5DE000B8AALE9DE000B8AALF6DE000B8AALG4DE000B8AALM2DE000B8AALP5DE000B8AALR1DE000B8AALS9DE000B8AALT7DE000B8AALU5DE000B8AALZ4DE000B8AAM08DE000B8AAM16DE000B8AAM32DE000B8AAM40DE000B8AAM57DE000B8AAM73DE000B8AAM81DE000B8AAM99DE000B8AAMC1DE000B8AAMF4DE000B8AAMH0DE000B8AAMM0DE000B8AAMN8DE000B8AAMU3DE000B8AAMV1DE000B8AAMW9DE000B8AAMX7DE000B8AAMZ2DE000B8AAN07DE000B8AAN23DE000B8AAN31DE000B8AAN49DE000B8AAN56DE000B8AAN64DE000B8AAN72DE000B8AAN80DE000B8AAN98DE000B8AANA3DE000B8AANB1DE000B8AANC9DE000B8AANF2DE000B8AANJ4DE000B8AANL0DE000B8AANM8DE000B8AANN6DE000B8AANR7DE000B8AANT3DE000B8AANU1DE000B8AANV9DE000B8AANW7DE000B8AANX5DE000B8AANY3DE000B8AANZ0DE000B8AAP05DE000B8AAP13DE000B8AAP39DE000B8AAP47DE000B8AAP54DE000B8AAP62DE000B8AAP88DE000B8AAP96DE000B8AAPA8DE000B8AAPB6DE000B8AAPC4DE000B8AAPE0DE000B8AAPF7DE000B8AAPG5DE000B8AAPH3DE000B8AAPJ9DE000B8AAPL5DE000B8AAPM3DE000B8AAPN1DE000B8AAPQ4DE000B8AAPR2DE000B8AAPS0DE000B8AAPT8DE000B8AAPU6DE000B8AAPV4DE000B8AAPW2DE000B8AAPY8DE000B8AAPZ5DE000B8AAQ04DE000B8AAQ12DE000B8AAQ20DE000B8AAQ46DE000B8AAQ53DE000B8AAQ61DE000B8AAQ79DE000B8AAQ95DE000B8AAQA6DE000B8AAQB4DE000B8AAQC2DE000B8AAQD0DE000B8AAQE8DE000B8AAQF5DE000B8AAQG3DE000B8AAQJ7DE000B8AAQM1DE000B8AAQN9DE000B8AAQP4DE000B8AAQR0DE000B8AAQT6DE000B8AAQU4DE000B8AAQV2DE000B8AAQW0DE000B8AAQX8DE000B8AAQY6DE000B8AAR11DE000B8AAR37DE000B8AAR45DE000B8AAR52DE000B8AAR60DE000B8AAR78DE000B8AAR86DE000B8AAR94DE000B8AARB2DE000B8AARE6DE000B8AARF3DE000B8AARH9DE000B8AARJ5DE000B8AARK3DE000B8AARL1DE000B8AARM9DE000B8AARQ0DE000B8AART4DE000B8AARU2DE000B8AARV0DE000B8AARX6DE000B8AARZ1DE000B8AAS10DE000B8AAS36DE000B8AAS51DE000B8AAS69DE000B8AAS77DE000B8AAS85DE000B8AAS93DE000B8AASA2DE000B8AASB0DE000B8AASF1DE000B8AASH7DE000B8AASK1DE000B8AASM7DE000B8AASN5DE000B8AASP0DE000B8AASQ8DE000B8AASS4DE000B8AAST2DE000B8AASU0DE000B8AASV8DE000B8AASW6DE000B8AASX4DE000B8AASY2DE000B8AASZ9DE000B8AAT19DE000B8AAT27DE000B8AAT35DE000B8AAT50DE000B8AAT68DE000B8AAT92DE000B8AATC6DE000B8AATE2DE000B8AATF9DE000B8AATG7DE000B8AATH5DE000B8AATJ1DE000B8AATM5DE000B8AATN3DE000B8AATP8DE000B8AATS2DE000B8AATT0DE000B8AATV6DE000B8AATW4DE000B8AATY0DE000B8AATZ7DE000B8AAU16DE000B8AAU24DE000B8AAU32DE000B8AAU40DE000B8AAU57DE000B8AAU65DE000B8AAU73DE000B8AAU81DE000B8AAU99DE000B8AAUB6DE000B8AAUD2DE000B8AAUE0DE000B8AAUF7DE000B8AAUG5DE000B8AAUJ9DE000B8AAUK7DE000B8AAUM3DE000B8AAUN1DE000B8AAUP6DE000B8AAUQ4DE000B8AAUR2DE000B8AAUT8DE000B8AAUU6DE000B8AAUV4DE000B8AAUW2DE000B8AAUX0DE000B8AAUY8DE000B8AAUZ5DE000B8AAV07DE000B8AAV15DE000B8AAV23DE000B8AAV31DE000B8AAV49DE000B8AAV56DE000B8AAV64DE000B8AAV72DE000B8AAV80DE000B8AAV98DE000B8AAVA6DE000B8AAVB4DE000B8AAVC2DE000B8AAVE8DE000B8AAVF5DE000B8AAVG3DE000B8AAVJ7DE000B8AAVK5DE000B8AAVL3DE000B8AAVN9DE000B8AAVP4DE000B8AAVQ2DE000B8AAVR0DE000B8AAVS8DE000B8AAVT6DE000B8AAVU4DE000B8AAVV2DE000B8AAVW0DE000B8AAVX8DE000B8AAVY6DE000B8AAVZ3DE000B8AAW22DE000B8AAWA4DE000B8AAWB2DE000B8AAWC0DE000B8AAWD8DE000B8AAWE6DE000B8AAWF3DE000B8AAWG1DE000B8AAWH9DE000B8AAWK3DE000B8AAWL1DE000B8AAWQ0DE000B8AAWR8DE000B8AAWS6DE000B8AAWU2DE000B8AAWZ1DE000B8AAX05DE000B8AAX21DE000B8AAX39DE000B8AAX47DE000B8AAX62DE000B8AAX70DE000B8AAX88DE000B8AAX96DE000B8AAXB0DE000B8AAXK1DE000B8AAXL9DE000B8AAXM7DE000B8AAXN5DE000B8AAXP0DE000B8AAXQ8DE000B8AAXR6DE000B8AAXS4DE000B8AAXT2DE000B8AAXU0DE000B8AAXV8DE000B8AAXX4DE000B8AAXY2DE000B8AAXZ9DE000B8AAY04DE000B8AAY12DE000B8AAY38DE000B8AAY46DE000B8AAY53DE000B8AAY79DE000B8AAY87DE000B8AAY95DE000B8AAYD4DE000B8AAYE2DE000B8AAYG7DE000B8AAYJ1DE000B8AAYK9DE000B8AAYL7DE000B8AAYN3DE000B8AAYP8DE000B8AAYQ6DE000B8AAYR4DE000B8AAYS2DE000B8AAYT0DE000B8AAYU8DE000B8AAYV6DE000B8AAYW4DE000B8AAYX2DE000B8AAYZ7DE000B8AAZB5DE000B8AAZC3DE000B8AAZF6DE000B8AAZL4DE000B8AAZM2DE000B8AAZP5DE000B8AAZQ3DE000B8AAZS9DE000B8AAZT7DE000B8AAZV3



LUT185485
Crowned Capital S.A.

5, rue de Bonnevoie, CP L-1260, Luxembourg

CH0241048971CH0290438164CH0290438172



LUT206379
Crown South America S.A.

2, Boulevard de Foire, CP L-1528, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT141516
Crown Westfalen Investments S.à R.L.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT145714
CSP II Coinvestment Luxembourg S.à R.L.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT137690
CUSTOM SECURISATION S.àr.l.

10, Boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT209699
CVC Cordatus Warehouse Finance VIII S.à r.l.

6D, route de Trèves, CP L-2633, Senningerberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT204075
CVC Credit Partners European CLO Management S.à r.l.

40, Avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT188843
CVC European Credit Opportunities (No. 49) S.à r.l.

40, avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT182083
CVC European Credit Opportunities (No. 8) S.à r.l.

40, Avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT158090
CVC European Credit Opportunities S.à r.l.

40, avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

LU0928159945US20826FAE60US20826FAJ57US29358QAA76US65504LAF40US912810RT79XS0945158821



LUT197911
Cygnus Issuance S.A.

6D, route de Trèves, CP L-2633, Senningerberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT210225
D.02 Titrisations de Luxembourg S.à r.l.

7, rue des Trois Cantons, CP L-3980, Wickrange

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT169355
Danalux Finance

75, Parc d'Activités, CP L-8308, Capellen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT173049
Debt Resolution Corp S.à r.l.

121, avenue de la Faïencerie, CP L-1511, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT198559
DECO 2015 - Charlemagne S.A.

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS1268588099XS1268589659XS1268590152XS1268590665XS1268590822XS1268591390



LUT190304
DefCol Asset Management S.à r.l.

6, rue Guillaume Schneider, CP L-2522, LUXEMBOURG

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT183195
DEFI CAPITAL SA

89B, rue Pafebruch, CP L-8308, Capellen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT208074
DELFF Loans Portfolio S.à r.l.

20, rue de la Poste, CP L-2346, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT209758
DELFF Receivables Portfolio Sarl

20, rue de la Poste, CP L-2346, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT122022
DeltaFotovoltaica Issuer S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

LU1351062911LU1351074684



LUT188861
Delta Partners Luxembourg SV Coop. S.A.

15, Rue Edward Steichen, CP L-2540, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT205244
DEMBA FINANCIERE (DEMBAFIN) S.A.

7, rue des Trois Cantons, CP L-8399, Windhof

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT152301
DePatron Securities S.àr.l.

22, Rue Goethe, CP L-1637, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT155695
DEV Securitization S.à r.l.

6, Avenue Guillaume, CP L-1650, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT160156
DFM Master S.A.

52-54, avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XS0631807004XS0631807343XS0631815445XS0631816682XS0935845031XS1220946427



LUT192199
DIRECT LENDING INVESTMENT S.A.

62, avenue de la Liberté, CP L-1930, Luxembourg

XS1192681176XS1265216934XS1310055550XS1408342381XS1494683748



LUT143523
Distress to Value S.A.

8, RUE DE BEGGEN, CP L-1220, Luxembourg

XS0461571928XS0461741786XS0461744020XS0553131722XS0553140129XS0553147488XS0571535714XS0617116198XS0617116511XS1421964336XS1455019205XS1533102031



LUT076696
Diversified European Credit S.A.

80, route d'Esch, CP L-1470, Luxembourg

XS0210633474XS0350383294XS0964099823



LUT107999
Diversified Financial Europe S.A.

80, route d'Esch, CP L-1470, Luxembourg

XS0227391074XS0230394271XS0316399566XS0344187991



LUT150716
Diversified Real Estate Investments S.A.

2, Place François-Joseph Dargent, CP L-1413, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT206255
DL INVESTMENT S.à r.l.

62, avenue de la Liberté, CP L-1930, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000030
dnA

5, allée Scheffer, CP L-2520, Luxembourg

FR0011223254FR0011252410FR0011255496FR0011301928FR0011349935FR0011349943FR0011485127FR0011530583FR0011548650XS0829108595XS0851340868XS0862357224



LUT148356
Dome 0909 S.à r.l.

2, Avenue Charles de Gaulle, CP L-1653, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT149691
Dome 2 0909 S.à r.l.

2, Avenue Charles de Gaulle, CP L-1653, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT149704
Dome 3 0909 S. à r.l.

2, Avenue Charles de Gaulle, CP L-1653, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT149730
Dome 4 0909 S.à r.l.

2, Avenue Charles de Gaulle, CP L-1653, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT197951
Doric Capital SA,

1c, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT197950
Doric Investment SA

1c, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

XS1273490299XS1273490612XS1273490885



LUT191516
DQA Securitisation S.A.

121, avenue de la Faiencerie, CP L-1511, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT188936
Dragon Aviation Finance Luxembourg S.A.

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS1102884845



LUT159904
DRAGON FIRE CAPITAL HOLDINGS S.A.

6, Rue Guillaume Schneider, CP L-2522, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT206367
DREF SECURITIZATION SA

1c, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

XS1418691595



LUT197583
Driver Master S.A.

52-54, avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XS1253866443XS1253866526XS1253866872XS1253867094XS1253868225XS1253868811XS1253871955XS1253873225XS1253874462XS1253880949XS1253881160XS1253881327XS1258029401XS1258030086XS1259372503XS1259375944XS1278929119XS1278929465XS1278929549XS1278929622XS1322005999XS1322009801XS1322049427XS1322049773



LUT162723
Driver UK Master S.A.

52-54 avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XS0856652192XS0856944482XS0856944722XS0856945026XS0856945299XS0856945372XS0994380292XS0994380532XS0994380888XS0994381183XS0994381423XS0994381852XS0994382157XS0994382405XS0994382744XS0994383122XS0994383551XS0994383718XS0994383981XS0994384104XS0994384369XS1135184999XS1135185020XS1135185376XS1135185459XS1135185533XS1322871044XS1322872521XS1419839896XS1419840043XS1434683642XS1434683998XS1434684020XS1434684293XS1501218926XS1501229709XS1501243874XS1501250226



LUT189629
Driver UK Multi-Compartment S.A.

52-54, avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XS1097314634XS1097314717XS1260117095XS1260117418XS1400629520XS1400629959XS1502650457XS1502650614



LUT122266
DRRE Securitisation S.A.

50, rue Charles Martel, CP L-2134, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT212238
Dryden Finance I S.à r.l.

46A, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT095311
Duchess III CDO S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

US26410QAA94US26410QAC50US26410QAE17US26410QAG64XS0197044679XS0197045726XS0197049710XS0197050643XS0197051880XS0197052854XS0197054553XS0197055444XS0197055873XS0197056251XS0197056335XS0197056848XS0198141060XS0198147000XS0198163973XS0198164278XS0198165754XS0198166489XS0198166729XS0198167370XS0198168188XS0198168261XS0198168345XS0198168428



LUT198061
Durham Capital S.A.

6, route de Trèves, CP L-2633, Senningerberg

XS1262520486XS1275374376



LUT208207
DWM Securitizations S.A.

6, RUE EUGENE RUPPERT, CP L-2453, LUXEMBOURG

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000017
DWS ACCESS S.A.

22, rue Goethe, CP L-1637, Luxembourg

DE000A1L9SQ9DE000A1XVBK1XS0371679597XS1172051267



LUT000010
DWS GO S.A.

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

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



LUT205854
DZ Invest S.A.

1c, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

DE000A1838Y9



LUT195214
Earlsferry Capital S.A.

7, Rue Guillaume J. Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XS1258441895



LUT182915
Eastern Europe Resources S.A.

10, Rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

XS1136088462XS1259067533XS1272991537XS1325174362XS1325176060XS1325179247XS1372835147XS1389213445XS1432572235XS1469674771XS1505533262XS1527385444XS1531817648XS1551303420XS1551304154XS1572412903XS1589601845



LUT194000
East Lodge Capital Credit Opportunities (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.

19, rue de Bitbourg, CP L-1273, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT215218
ECA ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS

13, rue de la Fonderie, CP L-1531, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT197347
ECAF I LuxCo S.à r.l.

6D, route de Trèves, CP L-2633, Senningerberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT147332
E-Carat S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS0452403636XS0452404287XS0452404873XS0548799898XS0548800498XS0548800738XS0644528605XS0644547498XS0782698988XS0782699952XS0885855691XS0885855931XS0987299681XS0987299764XS1081212208XS1081213511XS1250092043XS1250092712XS1488420354XS1488421089



LUT208902
eca securities

13, rue de la Fonderie, CP L-1531, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT122956
E Chateau VII S.à r.l.

33, Avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT164681
ECI Finance S.A.

24, rue Astrid, CP L-1143, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT196970
ECOF II ParentCo Sarl

51, Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP , Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT197003
ECOF II SV Sarl

51, Avenue John F. Kennedy,, CP , Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT179423
Edison Structured Services S.A.

35a, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

LU1046356793LU1076357422LU1254942771LU1577399725



LUT187565
Efficiency Solutions SV Sàrl

1c, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT174087
EFFIGESTION S.A.

14, rue Beck, CP L-1222, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT206691
EFFIL II Assets S.A.

412F, route d'Esch, CP L-2086, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT151286
Eiffel Titrisation S.A.

121, avenue de la Faiencerie, CP L-1511, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT175652
EIG Fund XV Lux Holdings S.à r.l.

42-44, avenue de la Gare, CP L-1610, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT178524
EIKON CAPITAL S.A.

42, rue de la Vallée, CP L-2661, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT156265
Elbe River Capital S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT166719
Electa Investments S.à r.l.

34, rue Notre Dame, CP L-2240, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT114004
Elektra Purchase NO. 17 SA

52-54, avenue du X septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT186934
ELEKTRA PURCHASE No.32 S.A.

52-54, avenue X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT119681
eleX alpha S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

US28626NAB01US28626NAC83US28626NAD66US28626NAE40US28626NAF15US28626NAG97XS0279707532XS0279707706XS0279707961XS0279708001XS0279708266XS0280586594



LUT176847
Elior Finance & Co. S.C.A.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XS0808635600XS0808638299



LUT175496
Elkhound Loan Company Luxembourg S.à r.l.

33, rue du Puits Romain, CP L-8070, Bertrange

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT212825
Elsinore Credit Investment I S.à r.l.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT157259
Elyan Capital S.A.

10, Rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

LU0722159232LU0722160594



LUT193165
Elyseum Finance S.C.A.

8, rue Philippe II, CP L-2340, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT130728
Elysion S.A.

231, Val des Bons Malades, CP L-2121, Luxembourg-Kirchberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT209957
ELZ Finance

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XS1525344187XS1525344690XS1525344930



LUT208937
Emerald Bay S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT108710
EMF Luxembourg S.A.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT212488
EMMPD (Investment) S.à r.l.

35a, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT128897
EM Whole Loan S.A.

2-4, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT210050
Energy Securitization S.A.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT215364
ENIV 2017 S.à r.l.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000036
ENSEMBLE INVESTMENT CORPORATION SCA

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT206964
EPF Acquisition Co 62 S.à r.l.

2, avenue Charles de Gaulle, CP L-1653, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT102781
Epic (Magistrate Finance) S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT102683
Epic (Premier) S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

US29428BAC28XS0434215819



LUT193498
EQT Mid-Market Credit SV S.A.

23, rue Aldringen, CP L-1118, Luxembourg

SE0007045802SE0007185582



LUT162261
EREP Securitization S.à r.l.

6, Avenue Guillaume, CP L-1650, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT136548
Erste Luxemburger Forderungsankaufgesellschaft AG

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-5326, Contern

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT114926
Esmerald Partner I S.A.

231, Val des Bons-Malades, CP L-2121, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT183079
EST4TE FOUR SECURITISATION S.à r.l.

291, Route d'Arlon, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT106770
Estates S.A.

18, Rue Robert Stümper, CP L-2557, Luxembourg

LU0994595063LU1564310107LU1574669849



LUT207412
ETD Luxembourg S.àr.l.

11A, Boulevard Joseph II, CP L-1840, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT207355
ETI Luxembourg S.àr.l.

11A, Boulevard Joseph II, CP L-1840, Luxembourg

LU1551378604LU1551381574LU1562152105



LUT117840
Etraph Finance S.C.A.

8, rue Philippe II, CP L-2340, Luxembourg

LU1339572783



LUT110721
Euromax IV MBS S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS0230035627XS0230036518XS0230036864XS0230037169XS0230037912XS0230038480XS0230042326XS0230425505



LUT130560
Euromedica Finance No.1 S.A.

412F, route d'Esch, CP L-1030, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT200558
European Bond Property Finance S.A.

17, boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT207820
European CLO Strategy S.à r.l.

6D, route de Trèves, CP L-2633, Senningerberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT072192
European Credit (Luxembourg) S.A.

80, route d'Esch, CP L-1470, Luxembourg

XS0174659614XS0232071927XS0347544545XS0380853951XS0452821712XS0503794264XS0556104791



LUT163733
EUROPEAN CREDIT X Sàrl

80, route d'Esch, CP L-1470, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT163671
EUROPEAN CREDIT Y Sàrl

80, route d'Esch, CP L-1470, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT114364
European Enhanced Loan Fund S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XS0244738646XS0244739537XS0244742168XS0244742598XS0244742911XS0244743489XS0244743729XS0251335799XS0251336920XS0251337498XS0251338462XS0251339783XS0251341094XS0253792682XS0253793060XS0253793656XS0253794548XS0253794977XS0253795354XS0253795867XS0253796329



LUT200890
European Infrastructure Debt (SV) - Euro SCA

80, route d'Esch, CP L-1470, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT200891
European Infrastructure Debt (SV) - Sterling SCA

80, route d'Esch, CP L-1470, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT109038
European Investment and Finance S.A.

1, rue Jean Piret, CP L-2350, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT135417
European Investments & Real Estate S.A.

241, Route de Longwy, CP L-1941, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT207027
European Loans S.à r.l.

80, route d'Esch, CP L-1470, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000045
EUROPEAN PRIVATE PLACEMENT FACILITY (EPPF) S.A.

24, rue Beaumont, CP L-1219, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT047600
European Structured Investment S.A.

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS0082344770XS0087458203XS0098923203XS0152483276XS0166840826XS0191292845XS0203122543XS0203906895XS0203907190XS0203907430



LUT121198
Européenne de titrisation S.A.

45-47 route d'Arlon, CP L-1140, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT117348
EuroProp (EMC) S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT127186
EuroProp (EMC VI) S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT010048
EURO PRUDENCE F.T.

112, Avenue Victor Hugo, CP L-1750, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT168067
Euro Secure

18, rue Robert Stümper, CP L-2557, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT205901
EVA (Europe Valuable Asset)

51 Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1853, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT190131
Everest Financial Trust Clients Securitization Lux

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT186482
EXPERT SOLUTION S.A.

241, Route de Longwy, CP L-1941, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT077658
FABS Luxembourg I S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XS0147731342



LUT179027
FACS SV

1, Place d'Armes, CP L-1136, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT187551
FACT Master S.A.

52-54, avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT106247
FACTORING FT

89e, Parc d'activités, CP L-8308, Capellen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT132721
Farafina Securization S.A.

29, Avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT010046
Fermion Equity Fund

75 Parc D'activités, CP L-8308, Capellen

LU1140750941LU1310084147



LUT204792
FiBePa Securitisations S.A.

48, Boulevard Grande-Duchesse Charlotte, CP L-1330, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT152900
Fifteen Securitisation S.A.

47, route d'Arlon, CP L-8009, Strassen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT199413
Finalbion SV S.A.

6D, route de Trèves, CP L-2633, Sennigerberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT166102
FINALINK S.A.

95, Rue Ermesinde, CP L-1469, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT166201
FINANCIERE DES HOTELS

18, Rue Robert Stümper, CP L-2557, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT209471
Finel Securities S.A.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT193459
FINERGY S.A.

5, rue de Bonnevoie, CP L-1260, Luxembourg

LU1170203985XS1170203985



LUT128230
Finprotect S.A.

4, Rue de l'Eau, CP L-1449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT197120
FINSEEDER

18, rue Robert Stümper, CP L-2557, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT202400
Fintex Capital S.A.

52-54, avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XS1368661929XS1462093193XS1535972514



LUT010000
First State Global Investment Partners FT-SV

69, route d'Esch, CP L-1470, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT206586
Five Arrows Direct Lending Holding

1, Place d'Armes, CP L-1136, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT173176
FLE MCV

33, avenue de la Liberté, CP L-1931, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000024
FLEXIS S.A.

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS0436565542XS0459048145XS0480074144XS0543239726



LUT208254
Floreat Fixed Income SA

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS1482129969XS1482130207



LUT191698
FLUR RESIDENTIAL RE FINANCE

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT010040
Fonds de titrisation MinInvest

18, rue Robert Stümper, CP L-2557, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT145841
Foothill Financing S.à r.l.

1, rue Jean Piret, CP L-2350, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT206852
Fore Finance S.à r.l.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT197056
Forestry Portfolio Investments

9, Rue Sainte Zithe, CP L-2763, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT111518
Forseti Acquisitions S.A.

20, rue de la Poste, CP L-2046, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT119902
Four SEAS S.A.

20, Rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT175956
Fracciona S.à r.l.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT208798
Frigate Luxembourg S.A.

4, rue Jean Engling, CP L-1466, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT162684
Frontera Capital S.à r.l.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT205679
Funding Box 2 (Luxembourg) S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT150655
Furstenberg Capital S.C.A.

62, Avenue de la Liberté, CP L-1930, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT200899
G&P Equity Investment S.A.

4-6, Rue de la Boucherie, CP L-1247, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT109526
GAGFAH S.A.

2-4, rue Beck, CP L-1222, Luxembourg

DE000A1ZJD18LU0269583422LU1152862774LU1152869274



LUT140113
Gaillon S.C.A.

43-45, Allée Scheffer, CP L-2520, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT179325
Gandhara Investments S.C.A.

3, avenue Pasteur, CP L-2311, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT150218
Gant Finance S.A.

19, Boulevard Grande Duchesse Charlotte, CP L-1331, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT157305
Gareth Capital S.A.

10, Rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

LU0722669354LU0722672572



LUT111351
Gateway III - Euro CLO S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

US36297VAA52US36297VAB36US36297VAC19US36297VAD91US36297VAE74US36297VAG23US36297VAH06US36297VAK35US36297VAL18US36297VAM90US36297VAN73US36297VAP22US36297VAQ05US36297VAR87US36297VAS60XS0251725825XS0251727102XS0251728092XS0251729223XS0251733415XS0254682528XS0254683336XS0254688483XS0254689705XS0254691354XS0254692162XS0254692915XS0254695181XS0254695421XS0254733453



LUT115206
Gateway IV - Euro CLO S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

US362465AA42US362465AD80US362465AE63US362465AG12US362465AH94US362465AJ50US362465AK24US362465AM89US362465AN62US362465AP11US362465AQ93US362465AR76US362465AS59XS0292636981XS0292647244XS0292647756XS0292648721XS0292649372XS0292649968XS0292650032XS0292650891XS0292651352XS0292651865XS0292652087XS0292652244XS0292652673XS0292652830



LUT188931
Gedesco Funding No. 1 SA

40, avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

XS1470782936XS1470784718XS1561005957XS1561007060



LUT111371
Geduma S.A.

1, rue Jean Piret, CP L-2350, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT177783
Geldilux-TS-2013 S.A.

11, rue Pierre d'Aspelt, CP L-1142, Luxembourg

XS0942202622XS0942205211XS0942206615XS0942207936XS0942209718XS0942212266



LUT197230
Geldilux-TS-2015 S.A.

11, rue Piere d'Aspelt, CP L-1142, Luxembourg

XS1261539610XS1261576810XS1261577206XS1261577628XS1261582545



LUT111064
Geminus Bis S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT105537
Geminus S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT195735
Genie Securitization S.à r.l.

48, rue d'Eich, CP L-1460, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT215188
Genoa Diversified Investments S.A.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT211121
German Exclusive Properties S.A.

127, rue de Mühlenbach, CP L-2168, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT141523
German Ground Lease Finance III S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS0390304110XS0390304979



LUT121659
German Ground Lease Finance II S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS0279782238XS0279784796



LUT112222
German Ground Lease Finance S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS0248008061XS0279783558XS0279785330



LUT215421
German Mittelstand Equipment Finance 3 S.à r.l.

52-54, avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT168624
German Mittelstand Equipment Finance No.1 S.A.

22, Rue Goethe, CP L-1637, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT186954
German Mittelstand Equipment Finance S.A.

52-54, avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XS1068733218XS1068748752XS1068749057



LUT162388
Gerona Securitization S.à r.l.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT155007
Geslux S.A.

3-5, rue du Fossé, CP L-1536, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT193488
GIM Credit Master Lux S.à r.l.

37A, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT202528
GIM UK Loans S.A.

60, Avenue J. F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT211537
GIRS SA

9-11, rue de Louvigny, CP L-1946, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT185032
Gladius 1

51, Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT185031
Gladius 2

51, Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT201327
GL Europe Capital Solutions Investment SPV (I) S.ar.l

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT156187
Global Bond series III S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT156184
Global Bond series II S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XS0554704303



LUT156181
Global Bond Series I S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XS0554703834



LUT157026
Global Bond Series IV S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT160444
Global Bond Series IX S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT159190
Global Bond Series VII, S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT160227
Global Bond Series VIII, S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XS0617319032



LUT157027
Global Bond Series V S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XS0567053847



LUT163042
Global Bond Series X, S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XS0768280322



LUT164258
Global Bond Series XIII, S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XS0768280751



LUT164266
Global Bond Series XIV, S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XS0779340495



LUT158257
Global Excellence Premium Securitization S.A.

50, rue Charles Martel, CP L-2134, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT190494
Global Image

11, rue de l'Industrie, CP L-8399, Windhof

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT148731
Global Institutional Capital S.à R.L.

14a, rue des Bains, CP L-1212, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT174728
Global Invest Group Partner S.à r.l.

45-47, route d'Arlon, CP L-1140, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT190605
Global Loan Opportunities S.A.

46A, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

LU1194086366



LUT196281
Global-Loan SV S.à r.l.

2-4, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT108495
Global Luxembourg Finance S.C.A.

18-20, Edward Steichen, CP L-2540, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT178692
Global Private Equity Investment S.A.

5, rue de Bonnevoie, CP L-1260, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT162513
Global Project Investment S.C.A.

55-57, rue de Merl, CP L-2146, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT200945
Global Trade Assets S.A.

46A, Avenue J-F Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT176822
Globe Luxembourg S.C.A.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

US37953MAA80



LUT197567
Golden Chapter S.à r.l.

6C, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

XS1270769018



LUT108588
Golden Ring Finance S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT175472
GOLD KEY S.A.

10, RUE ANTOINE JANS, CP L-1820, LUXEMBOURG

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT180028
Goldstein Structured Products S.A.

11A, boulevard Joseph II, CP L-1840, Luxembourg

AT0000A13A63AT0000A13Q24AT0000A14677AT0000A15A79AT0000A17Z37AT0000A18XR3AT0000A19G53DE000A18K0T7MT0000971201MT0000971219MT0000971227MT0000971250



LUT139777
Gottex Real Asset Fund 1 (Luxembourg) SV S.à r.l.

20 rue de la Poste, CP L-2346, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000006
GPB CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-2014, Luxembourg

XS1073161751



LUT202581
Grama Finco S.à r.l.

64, avenue de la Liberté, CP L-1930, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT211039
Gravity Retail SV 1 S.à r.l.

534, rue de Neudorf, CP L-2220, LUXEMBOURG

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT163441
GREENCAGE S.A.

8, RUE DE BEGGEN, CP L-1220, Luxembourg

XS0731647615XS0731649074XS0731649314



LUT195620
Green Park Credit Holdings S.A.

51 Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP , Luxembourg

XS1255526094



LUT010049
Griffin Art Partners

38-40, rue Sainte Zithe, CP L-2763, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT180057
Griffon Private Securities S.A.

57, rue de l'Alzette, CP L-4011, Esch-sur-Alzette

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT144247
Groupe Résidences Pleine Vie S.A.

29, Avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT182923
GSA INVESTMENTS S.A.

8, rue de Beggen, CP L-1220, Luxembourg

XS1508160766XS1508161574XS1508378806



LUT102919
GSC European CDO II S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

US36293RAJ95XS0220319296XS0220319965XS0220320385XS0220320625XS0220321359XS0220327554XS0220332471XS0220336381XS0220336621XS0220337355XS0220337942XS0223206532



LUT121372
GSC European CDO I-R S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

US362489AA44US362489AB27US362489AC00US362489AE65US362489AF31US362489AG14US362489AH96US362489AJ52US362489AK26US362489AL09US362489AM81US362489AN64XS0278346639XS0278348502XS0278350151XS0278351126XS0278351712XS0278353254XS0278354229XS0278355978XS0278356869XS0278358642XS0278668834XS0278673917



LUT191644
GT-H1 Structured Credit S.à r.l.

8-10, avenue de la Gare, CP L-1610, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT191653
GT-H2 Structured Credit S.à r.l.

8-10, avenue de la Gare, CP L-1610, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT209010
GT-H3 Structured Credit S.à r.l.

8-10, avenue de la Gare, CP L-1610, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT209035
GT-H4 Structured Credit S.à r.l.

8-10, avenue de la gare, CP L-1610, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT169649
GT Holdings (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2227, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT168659
Guardian Segur S.A.

287-289, route d'Arlon, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS0980340136XS1076777470XS1444481201



LUT196317
GUICHEN INVESTISSEMENT

3 A, Sentier de l'Espérance, CP L-1474, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT205803
Gullwing Securities S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS1529855410



LUT204962
H/2 Financial Funding ( Europe ) S.à.r.l

46A, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000003
H.E.A.T. MEZZANINE S.A.

40, Avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

XS0226621398XS0226621554XS0226621711XS0251292883XS0251293261XS0251293857XS0286893572XS0286893903XS0286894208XS0286894893



LUT159389
Hadrian S.à r.l.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT108161
HAEK Securitisation S.à r.l.

2, Place Dargent, CP L-1413, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT010038
HAGOTH COMMODITIES FUND FT

89e, Parc d'Activités, CP L-8308, Capellen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT201428
HAMBURG FUNDING SA

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT213294
Hana Genii FinCo SQM S.à r.l.

1, rue Jean-Pierre Brasseur, CP L-1258, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT170827
Hannover Leasing Investment S.A.

1c, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

XS0853537131XS0853537487



LUT174688
HANSON INVESTMENT LUX

681, rue de Neudorf, CP L-2220, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT151121
Happy Family I S.C.A.

8, rue Philippe II, CP L-2340, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT110966
Hardt Group Securities S.A.

10, rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT106360
Harvest CLO II S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XS0216227024XS0216227370XS0216227883XS0216227966XS0216228428XS0216228857XS0216229079XS0216229319XS0216229749XS0216230242XS0216230754XS0216234319XS0216235043XS0216235399XS0216942580XS0216942663XS0216943125XS0216943554XS0216943711XS0216943802XS0217086825XS0217087807XS0217088797XS0217089258XS0217089761XS0217089928XS0217090009XS0217090348XS0217090934XS0217091239XS0217091403XS0217091825XS0217092120XS0217092393XS0217092559XS0217092807XS0217093102XS0217093870XS0217094092XS0217094258



LUT093786
Harvest CLO I S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT108359
HAWK GROUP S.A.

7, Grand Rue, CP L-6630, WASSERBILIG

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT210925
Hayfin Liquid Credit LuxCo SV S.à r.l.

80, route d'Esch, CP L-1470, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT162062
HayFin Ruby II Luxembourg SCA

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

LU0968450063US420861AA48US420861AB21US420861AC04US420861AD86US420861AE69US420861AF35US420861AG18US420861AH90XS0953508107XS0953508362XS0953509337XS0953510772XS0953511820XS0953512984XS0953513792XS0953514923



LUT190765
HCM ASSETS

50A, rue de Mamer, CP L-8280, Kehlen

XS1115737279XS1151742829XS1161443525XS1223809804XS1320955310XS1355483592XS1356970019XS1558490378XS1558490535



LUT182649
Healthcare Securitization One S.à r.l.

48, rue d'Eich, CP L-1460, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT173858
Healthcare Securitization S.à r.l.

48, rue d'Eich, CP L-1460, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT158522
HEISIEH S.A.

10, Rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

LU1372164696LU1419676066LU1419676736



LUT010039
HELIX FT

89e, Parc d'Activités, CP L-8308, Capellen

LU1136405534LU1136406003LU1174193398XS1211591398XS1211596942XS1211597593



LUT171989
Hermes Capital, S.à r.l.

75, Parc d'Activités, CP L-8308, Capellen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT142670
HERMES SECURITIES S.A.

40, Avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT172277
Hermes Trade Receivables S.à r.l.

3, Rue des Bains, CP L-1212, Luxembourg

XS0855767470XS0855776208XS0855782784XS0855786264XS0863096029XS0904969564XS0904996617XS0905001805XS0905023528XS0905080080XS0905090394XS0905163969XS0905187471XS0905190269XS0905193107XS0905194840XS0905196209XS0905197439XS0918300608XS0918301242XS0924002636XS0945845237XS1004705601XS1005165789XS1008506484XS1057373273XS1062841645XS1063225624XS1070353898XS1091113172XS1091113503XS1245421547XS1245844854XS1266135984XS1266136016XS1269213812XS1269215783XS1273024130XS1370697762XS1438454941



LUT161447
Hermitage Secure Capital S.A.

11, Boulevard Royal, CP L-2017, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT214847
Hermond Capital Investments

13, rue de la Fonderie, CP L-1531, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT184251
Herrenhausen Investment S.A.

46A, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

DE000A18XAT9DE000A1Z9LJ3DE000A1ZFBA0DE000A1ZSFJ5DE000A1ZSFK3



LUT152302
Hestia Management S.à r.l.

68-70, Boulevard de la Pétrusse, CP L-2320, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT092938
High Tide CDO I S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS0169669081XS0169669164XS0169669248



LUT154687
High Wealth Investments International S.à r.l.

55, Avenue de la Liberté, CP L-1931, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT199650
HLDR Investments

19, rue de Bitbourg, CP L-1273, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT183240
Hoche Partners Private Equity Investors S.à r.l.

121, Avenue de la Faïencerie, CP L-1511, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT173812
Hopewell S.V. S.C.A.

37, rue d'Anvers, CP L-1130, Luxembourg

LU1005294670



LUT210439
Horizon 2016 S.A.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

DE000A189N53



LUT133786
HPMC 2 S.à R.L.

121, avenue de la Faiencerie, CP L-1511, Luxembourg

LU1376150451



LUT159517
HPMC3 S.à r.l.

121, Avenue de la Faïencerie, CP L-1511, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT120503
HPMF S.à.r.l.

121, Avenue de la Faïencerie, CP L-1511, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT193463
HPS - GIM Credit Lux S.A.

37A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

LU1243377717



LUT121982
HSC Life Policy Pooling S.à r.l.

15, rue Edward Steichen, CP L-2540, Luxembourg

XS0289849878



LUT151007
Husky Loan Company Luxembourg S.à r.l.

33, rue du Puits Romain, CP L-8070, Bertrange

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT105111
IASON Finance S.à R.L.

20, rue de la Poste, CP L-2346, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT189337
Iberian SGR Corporate Finance S.à r.l.

25a, boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT092926
IBOS II LUXEMBOURG S.A.

25A, Boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT149429
ICG EUROPEAN FUND 2006, N 2 S.à r.l.

412F, route d'Esch, CP L-1030, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT121235
ICG European Fund 2006 S.à r.l.

412F, route d'Esch, CP L-1030, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT178689
ICG Luxembourg Joint Venture S.à r.l.

412F, route d'Esch, CP L-1471, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT141383
ICG Recovery 2, 2008 S.A.

6D, route de Trèves, CP L-2633, Senningerberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT175072
ICG Senior Debt Partners SV 1

60, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT212163
ICN Rue des Bains Securities

50, rue Charles Martel, CP L-2134, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT211008
ICN VAUBAN S.à r.l.

50, rue Charles Martel, CP L-2134, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT169682
ICS Securities S.à r.l.

8, rue de Beggen, CP L-1220, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT179575
Idem Capital Securities (No. 1)

8-10, Avenue de la Gare, CP L-1610, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT206014
Idem Luxembourg (No. 10)

8-10, Avenue de la Gare, CP L-1610, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT179578
Idem Luxembourg (No. 8)

8-10, Avenue de la Gare, CP L-1610, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT183960
Idem Luxembourg (No. 9)

8-10, Avenue de la Gare, CP L-1610, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT139111
IDI Emerging Markets SA

11, Rue Sainte Zithe, CP L-2763, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT209401
IEELV Az SecCo SARL

2-4, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT186984
IfG-Greek SME Finance S.A.

20, rue de la Poste, CP L-2346, LUXEMBOURG

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT182058
IIFIG Securities S.A.

51, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XS0999557753XS1092485256



LUT175972
IILM Holding 2 SA

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT169665
IILM HOLDING SA

2-8, Avenue Charles de Gaulle, CP L-1653, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT188281
IJDF Luxembourg Sàrl

2b, Ennert dem Bierg, CP L-5244, Sandweiler

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT109755
ILP Acquisitions S.à r.l.

2, Avenue Charles de Gaulle, CP L-1653, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT123559
ILP III Participations S.à r.l.

2, Avenue Charles de Gaulle, CP L-1653, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT199119
Imbringen Adjacent Investments S.à r.l.

5c, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT138757
Impact Capital SARL

64, Rue Principale, CP L-5367, Schuttrange

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT170022
Indumet S.A.

41, Avenue de la Liberté, CP L-1931, Luxembourg

XS0853140688



LUT164708
Industrielle Pensions Beteiligungsgesellschaft S.A.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT189019
Infrastructure Debt Investment I S.A.

6D, route de Trèves, CP L-2633, Senningerberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT209800
Infrastructure Finance Holding S.à.r.l.

2-4, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT162886
Infrastrukturelle Beteiligungsgesellschaft S.A.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

DE000A1GUSS5



LUT176090
Institutional Infrastructure Holdings S.A.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP , Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT169323
Interbolsa Holdco Company SA

2-8, Avenue Charles de Gaulle, CP L-1653, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT192089
International Infrastructure Finance S.à r.l.

2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT175967
International Islamic Liquidity Management 2 SA

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT169679
INTERNATIONAL ISLAMIC LIQUIDITY MANAGEMENT SA

2-8, Avenue Charles de Gaulle, CP L-1653, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT170682
Intesa Sanpaolo Sec SA

19-21, Boulevard du Prince Henri, CP L-1724, Luxembourg

XS0957997108XS0958000258XS0958003278XS0958004672



LUT183336
Intrum Justitia Luxembourg Sàrl

2b, Ennert dem Bierg, CP L-5244, Sandweiler

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT212746
InverpriBan S.à r.l.

6C, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT156405
IRK Secure Capital S.A.

10, Rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

LU0935719087LU1000935889LU1001500690XD0340031786



LUT206349
Isar Valley S.A.

52-54, avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT162085
Isis III S.à r.l.

40, Avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT114819
Italfondiario Investments S.à R.L.

2-4, rue Beck, CP L-1222, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT164256
Ivaldi European Mutli-Strategy Fund SCA

31, Z.A. Bourmicht, CP L-8070, Bertrange

LU0690443444



LUT171424
IWL (Luxembourg) S.à r.l

21, rue du Puits Romain, CP L-8070, Bertrange

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT118339
J&J ASSET SECURISATION

10-12, Boulevard F.D. Roosevelt, CP L-2450, Luxembourg

LU0993585305



LUT193992
JARNA ISSUANCE VEHICLE SA

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

FR0012519635FR0012598498FR0012696227FR0012750404FR0012870020FR0013046653



LUT190106
Jefferies LoanCore (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT199125
JOMP INVEST S.A.

17, Boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT181760
JPLFGDM Securitization S.à r.l.

48, rue d'Eich, CP L-1460, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT155380
Juglans Investments Fund S.C.A.

34, Rue Philippe II, CP L-2340, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT156150
Julvier Investissements S.A.

3, rue Belle-vue, CP L-1227, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT199097
Junglinster NPL S.à. r.l.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT176266
Kaluga Investments

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT210527
KANOA INVESTMENT S.A.

9, place Clairefontaine, CP L-1341, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT191226
Kartesia Co-Invest

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP , Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT201163
Kartesia Co-Invest II

19-21 route d'Arlon, CP , Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT211530
Kartesia Securities IV

51, avenue J.-F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT181991
Kartesia Securities S.A.

19 - 21, Route d'Arlon, CP L-8009, Strassen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT150487
Kart Investment S.A.

3, Rue des Bains, CP L-1212, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT189849
Kayl NPL S.à r.l.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT173110
KENSINGTON SQUARE HOLDING S.A.

1, Rue Nicolas Simmer, CP L-2538, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT156408
Kleo Capital S.A.

10, Rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT172238
KLOSTER INVESTMENTS S.àr.l.

8, RUE DE BEGGEN, CP L-1220, Luxembourg

XS0863524947XS0877817808XS1370937408XS1370937820XS1370938125XS1370938554XS1370938638XS1370938984XS1501143496XS1501143736



LUT147529
KMU Portfolio S.A.

2-4, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XS0447522987XS0447523365XS0447523522XS1269087257XS1269087844XS1269088222XS1269088909



LUT159102
Kneiff Tower S.à r.l.

6D, Route de Trèves, CP L-2633, Senningerberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT010036
KoalaFund

7, rue Guillaume J. Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT136908
KÖNIGINSTRASSE I S.à.r.l.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT142171
Konnectiva S.A.

52-54, avenue du X septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XS0389369728XS0389696096XS0406292200XS0406292978



LUT153725
Koromo S.A.

52-54, avenue du X septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XS0518443352XS0518443436XS1118050597XS1118051058



LUT195143
KRASIANET S.A.

22, Boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT186751
Kreditech SPV I (Luxembourg) S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT155462
Kredyt Inkaso Portfolio Investments (Luxembourg)

2, Place de Strasbourg, CP L-2562, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT208212
krios capital investments

13, rue de la fonderie, CP L-1531, luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT190968
KS Alcentra Europe S.à r.l.

51, Avenue J. F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT210609
KS-GROUP S.A.

196, rue de Beggen, CP L-1220, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT203977
Kurpfalz Funding S.A.

46A, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT200543
LAGOON PARK CAPITAL SA

46a, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XS1295879206XS1369842411XS1378661455XS1453932565XS1471564481XS1471564564XS1471565611XS1471566346XS1481927314XS1481927405XS1481927587XS1481927660XS1484990715XS1496545002



LUT201608
Lakeside Corporation SV Sàrl

24, rue Beaumont, CP L-1219, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT202788
LAKE WOOD S.A.

19, rue Eugene Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XS1501144387XS1501144627



LUT112625
Laminar Direct Capital Luxembourg S.à R.L.

6, rue Adolphe, CP L-1116, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT212881
LAMS Evolution 2016 S.A.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT188597
Lana Trade Receivables S.à r.l.

3, rue des Bains, CP L-1212, Luxembourg

XS1092592176XS1092603478XS1092607628XS1110233100XS1113301235XS1124399434XS1124400463XS1125544830XS1143477013XS1150140058XS1157643906XS1190401759XS1190402211XS1239127993XS1245324261XS1245418758XS1245420143XS1246076472XS1270558825XS1272344695XS1288901579XS1295306341XS1309084975XS1309085279XS1309085519XS1318712368XS1318714141XS1319745235XS1324098034XS1347020528XS1431412094XS1431737631XS1538781888XS1539812641



LUT114483
Land and Business S.A.

10, Rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, 5 Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000043
LANDMARK CAPITAL S.A.

51, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XS1555126017XS1580226568XS1587179307



LUT187873
Länsförsäkringar Secondary PE Investments S.A.

7, rue Lou Hemmer, CP L-1748, Luxembourg-Findel

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT160975
Las Rozas Funding Securitization S.à r.l.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT182557
Lazarus Investments S.A.

6, rue Jean Monnet, CP L-2180, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT141193
LB Europe Holdings S.à r.l.

2, Avenue Charles de Gaulle, CP L-1653, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT176209
LBPAM European Debt Funds

5, Allée Scheffer, CP L-2520, Luxembourg

FR0011477066



LUT110486
LBREM Europe S.à r.l.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT132612
LBREM II Europe S.à r.l.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT195263
LC Asset 1 S.à r.l.

20, rue de la Poste, CP L-2346, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT134749
LDF65 S.à R.L.

2b, Ennert dem Bierg, CP L-5244, Sandweiler

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT195266
Leopoldstrasse Aviation Finance

412F, route d'Esch, CP L-2086, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT210080
Letran Capital S.à r.l.

1A rue Heienhaff, CP L-1736, Senningerberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT176360
LFP SV

4a, rue Henri Schnadt, CP L-2530, Luxembourg

XS0925620006



LUT164416
LHF S.C.A.

8, Rue Philippe II, CP L-2340, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT214995
LHI Securitization SA

19, Rangwee, CP L-2412, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT129023
Libra Capital S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XS0366325933XS0376788484XS0457980034XS0507664976XS0585225542XS0605148013XS0821924767



LUT186069
LIFE ASSETS TRUST II S.A.

51, Route de Thionville, CP L-2611, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT144287
Life Assets Trust S.A.

51, route de Thionville, CP L-2611, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT202302
Limes Funding S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT114854
Limina S.A.

2-8, Avenue Charles de Gaulle, CP L-1653, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT161366
Link Opportunities Investments S.A.

121, Avenue de la Faïencerie, CP L-1511, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT125266
Lion Residential Holdings Sàrl

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT147749
Liquiditätsfluss No. 1 S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT147750
Liquiditätsfluss No. 2 S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT193327
LISBON RENAISSANCE

89 e, Parc d'Activités, CP L-8308, Capellen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT202415
LMG

89e, Parc d'activités, CP L-8308, Capellen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT010013
Lombard 82

Parc d'activités, 75, CP L-8308, Capellen

LU0371819516LU0667540651LU0848523683LU0848523923LU1075904984



LUT208367
London Real Estate Yield SARL

30, Boulevard Grande-Duchesse Charlotte, CP L-1330, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT161293
Louvigny 20 S.A.

20, rue de Louvigny, CP L-1946, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT188181
LPCO Asset 1 S.à r.l.

20, rue de la Poste, CP L-2346, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT177034
LREDS II (LBF) S.A.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT170048
LRI Invest Securitisation S.A.

9a, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

DE000A13YBL3DE000A18Z2R0DE000A1HJWS8DE000A1ZEWS1XS1301088222



LUT173093
LRP

5, allée Scheffer, CP L-2520, Luxembourg

FR0011371467FR0011689231



LUT194474
LSC S.C.A.

7, rue Robert Stümper, CP L-2557, Luxembourg

XS1179381238XS1332007464XS1369650343XS1420397454XS1430597317



LUT151006
LSF7 Husky Lux Parent S.à r.l.

33, rue du Puits Romain, CP L-8070, Bertrange

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT151008
LSF7 Silverstone S.à r.l.

33, rue du Puits Romain, CP L-8070, Bertrange

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT182230
LSF9 West Investments S.à r.l.

33, rue du Puits Romain, CP L-8070, Bertrange

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT166332
LSF Europe Promote S.à r.l.

1, Rue Goethe, CP L-1637, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT152026
LSH CO SA

15, rue Edward Steichen, CP L-2540, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT152024
LSH II CO SA

15, rue Edward Steichen, CP L-2540, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT191119
LSREF3 Dutch Investments S.à r.l.

33, Rue du Puits Romain, CP L-8070, Bertrange

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT175444
LTI Securitisation S.A.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT148279
Luxafina S.A.

52-54, Avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT212862
LUX ECO SECURITIES S.A.

75, parc d'activités, Vega Center, CP L-8308, Capellen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT190979
Luxembourg Global Securitization S.A.

1, rue Aristide Briand, CP L-1263, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT193639
Luxembourg Investment Company 27 S.à r.l.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT132640
Luxembourg Securities S.A.

46A, avenue JF Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT010011
Luxflow Guarantee Fund

89E, Rue Pafebruch, CP L-8308, Capellen

LU0397286211



LUT208877
Luxinvest Securities S.A.

121, avenue de la Faïencerie, CP L-1511, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT211406
LUX LIFE SECURITIES S.A.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT212969
LUX MEDIA INVESTMENTS S.A.

75, parc d'activités, Vega Center, CP L-8308, Capellen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT197592
Lux RE Securitization S.A.

42, rue de la Vallée, CP L-2661, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT185349
LuxST Finance S.A.

6D, route de Tréves, CP L-2633, Senningerberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT212493
LVS Finance Lux S.à r.l.

33, rue Sainte Zithe, CP L-2763, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT191729
LVS II Lux XIX S.à r.l.

60, Grand-Rue, CP L-1660, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT186475
LVS II Lux XVIII S.à r.l.

60, Grand Rue, CP L-1660, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT186474
LVS II Lux XVII S.à r.l.

60, Grand Rue, CP L-1660, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT191753
LVS II Lux XXI S.à r.l.

60, Grande-Rue, CP L-1660, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT213879
LX Investment Partners II S.à r.l.

63-65, Rue de Merl, CP L-2146, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT179339
Lyxor Titrisation 1

7A, rue Robert Stümper, CP L-2557, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT150184
M&G Real Estate Finance 1 Co.  S.à r.l.

51, Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT171314
M&G Real Estate Finance 2 Co. S.à r.l.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT184907
M&G Real Estate Finance 3-B Co Sarl

51, Avenue J.F.Kennedy, CP , Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT172632
M&G Real Estate Finance 3 Co. S.à r.l.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT179002
Makaira S.A.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT151017
Malamute Loan Company Luxembourg S.à r.l.

33, rue du Puits Romain, CP L-8070, Bertrange

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT188808
Mallinckrodt Securitization S.à r.l.

124, boulevard de la Pétrusse, CP L-2330, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT194220
MarbleRose (Lux) S.à r.l.

15A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT215157
March International Issuances

6, Rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT101369
MARESME GLOBAL INVERSION CAPITAL S.A.

29, Avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT212375
Maritime Asset Partners S.à r.l.

1b, rue Jean Piret, CP L-2350, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT122122
Mars Holdco 1 S.à R.L.

2-4, rue Beck, CP L-1222, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT189103
Massena Credit I

412 F, Route d'Esch, CP L-2086, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT085998
Matroplex Trading & Investments S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

DE0002489804XS0099372004



LUT175688
Matterhorn Securities S.A.

6, rue Guillaume Schneider, CP L-2522, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT205020
MATURITAS Securitisation SA

304, route de Thionville, CP L-5884, Hesperange

DE000A182E85



LUT010042
MBC Tracker

75, Parc d'activités, CP L-8309, Capellen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT170695
MB Development Strategy S.A.

29, Avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT209165
MB FUNDING LUX SA

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT149437
McIvelly Invest S.C.A.

24, Rue des Genêts, CP L-1621, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT156308
Median Trust S.A.

17, rue de Flaxweiler, CP L-6776, Grevenmacher

DE000A107RQ3DE000A11FYU9DE000A11HMK1DE000A12LCY3DE000A12NQQ5DE000A15K913DE000A182EE0DE000A187163DE000A18HCW2DE000A18YNJ1DE000A1HKD58DE000A1HR7E3DE000A1HSN25DE000A1Y79T2DE000A1YBMP7DE000A1YBXY6DE000A1Z1970DE000A1Z66D0DE000A1ZCLV2DE000A1ZLCV2DE000A1ZLJ26DE000A1ZN2C0DE000A1ZN7H8DE000A1ZNU37DE000A1ZPTK0DE000A1ZT5Q7DE000A1ZZ978DE000A1ZZUZ5DE000A2BAUP8



LUT170915
MELF S.à r.l.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT207220
Menara Investments SA

5, Allée Scheffer, CP L-2520, Luxembourg

XS1502969949



LUT167689
Mercator Purchasing S.A.

5, Rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT168778
MERCURY TECHNOLOGIES

18, Rue Robert Stümper, CP L-2557, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT113900
Merlin Finance S.A.

20, rue de la Poste, CP L-2346, Luxembourg

XS0243349619



LUT116353
Mezzanine Finance Europe S.A.

80, route d'Esch, CP L-1470, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT177415
Mezzanine Investment 2013 S.à r.l.

2-8, Avenue Charles de Gaulle, CP L-1653, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000028
MICRO, SMALL & MEDIUM ENTERPRISES BONDS S.A.

20, rue de la Poste, CP L-2346, Luxembourg

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



LUT195179
MicroCredit Luxembourg S.A.

12, rue Jean l'Aveugle, CP L-1148, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT111734
Microfinance Loan  Obligations S.A.

412F, route d'Esch, CP L-1030, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT199583
Microstock Securitisation S.A.

14, Rue de Strassen, CP L-2555, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT137073
MIKRO FUND F.T.

10, Rue C. M. Spoo, CP L-2546, Luxembourg

CH0211529174CH0211529190CH0216222981CH0226381447CH0226381470CH0238006024CH0238006073CH0298148518CH0302141228CH0312696971CH0314147940CH0317003025CH0317003066CH0317443874CH0319080112CH0319417777CH0322330652CH0323435989CH0323493111CH0323691383CH0324791075CH0326752083CH0327780737CH0329782251CH0332561718CH0332596474CH0335554025CH0335554223CH0337149303CH0338572594CH0340486288CH0340487310CH0341731385CH0342848063CH0343265143CH0344006371CH0344006413CH0345996901CH0347408855CH0347699180CH0347706241CH0347818533CH0350937378CH0351655607CH0351655623CH0351655649CH0351655664CH0354316652CH0354316686CH0354316702CH0355142214CH0355504066LU0360956444XS1327415573XS1328234726XS1357018073XS1370906270XS1373927554XS1382528419XS1408863865XS1409337596XS1431301693XS1449962247XS1471844099XS1489184223XS1493394859XS1504071926XS1506424776XS1523223219XS1523921929XS1527180555XS1527612524XS1534101198XS1548390035XS1548390209XS1549302484XS1549309570XS1554374725XS1555791968XS1555792180XS1558649239XS1571397204



LUT212738
MIKRO KAPITAL INVESTMENT S.A.

10, rue C.M. Spoo, CP L-2546, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT187447
Milet Ditzingen FinanceCo S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT136384
Millar Investments S.à R.L.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT156407
MISIU CAPITAL MANAGEMENT S.A.

10, Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

LU1044950019



LUT170430
Mittelstandsfonds I

14, Porte de France, CP L-4360, Esch-sur-Alzette

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT010032
MK Listed Securities

10, Rue C. M. Spoo, CP L-2546, Luxembourg

LU0904941472



LUT112211
Modjeska Canyon S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT210321
MODUS SECURITISATION SA

17, rue de Flaxweiler, CP L-6776, Grevenmacher

DE000A19BS30



LUT157932
Molay Capital S.A.

10, Rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT214436
Molucca Holdings S.à r.l.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT213717
Morag Finance I S.à r.l.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT155663
Morgarten Luxembourg S.à r.l.

31, Grand Rue, CP L-1661, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT170405
MPI S.à r.l.

31, Boulevard Joseph II, CP L-1840, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT202292
MRE-Silverstone-B S.à r.l.

28, avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT202322
MRE-Silverstone-I S.A.

28, avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

XS1336574105XS1336574527



LUT187854
MSD S.à r.l.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XS1091754041XS1091754470



LUT192688
Multi-Credit SV Sarl

2-4, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT198248
Mutter Securities S.A.

121, Avenue de la Faïencerie, CP L-1511, Luxembourg

LU1311538646



LUT133383
Nactus Investors S.A.

23 rue Jean Jaurès, CP L-1836, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT141492
Narya S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT107132
NATIXIS Luxembourg Investissements S.A.

51, avenue JF Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT141544
Navarro Ventures S.à R.L.

121, avenue de la Faïencerie, CP L-1511, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT133961
Navitas Renewable Energy Group S.A.

25A, Boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT192270
NCM Titrisation S.à r.l.

50, rue Charles Martel, CP L-2143, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT112370
Nebraska S.A.

51, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT120745
New Jersey S.A.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT209739
New Place Investments SARL

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT117535
Nielsen Structure Finance S.A.

8, RUE DE BEGGEN, CP L-1220, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT183155
Northeast Loans S.à r.l.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT206800
Novello Capital S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000026
NOVUS CAPITAL LUXEMBOURG S.A.

52-54, avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XS0591993828XS0592008444XS0638471861XS0648398021XS0688279578XS0707485842XS0724682108XS0739391604XS0816833015XS0828352962XS1030122011XS1031505404XS1032633528XS1058142594XS1062067241XS1076837639XS1120016545



LUT166429
NPL Capital Partners S.à r.l.

6C, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

XS0779214864



LUT183285
NPL Opportunities SA

25-A, boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

LU1060736789LU1142371597LU1296785857LU1296897652LU1420316553



LUT207646
NRG LUX CAPITAL S.A.

17, Rue du Louvigny, CP L-1946, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT186901
Oak Finance Luxembourg SA

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS1069235668



LUT107484
Oakham Rated S.A.

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT108606
Oakham S.A.

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS0237651012



LUT203628
Oberon Credit Investment III S.à r.l.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, , Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT189843
Oberon Credit Investment II S.A.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT174291
Oberon Credit Investment I S.A.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

LU1109953775



LUT127937
Ocean Breeze Finance S.A.

8-10, rue Jean Monnet, CP L-2180, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT174521
OCM Luxembourg French Leisure SV

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT157458
Oko Investments

6, Rue Adolphe, CP L-1116, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT162863
Oko Investments 2, S.à r.l.

6, Rue Adolphe, CP L-1116, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT181771
OKTAV RE

1, rue Aristide Briand, CP L-1263, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT136996
Olympe 2 International S.A.

15, rue Edward Steichen, CP L-2540, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT186597
OMICRON EQUITIES II S.A.

18, rue de l'Eau, CP L-1449, Luxembourg

LU1198844620MT0001081208



LUT153456
Omicron Equities S.A.

18, Rue de l'Eau, CP L-1449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT179137
Optimum Holding S.A.

6, avenue Pasteur, CP L-2310, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT184652
Optimum One S.à r.l.

6, avenue Pasteur, CP L-2310, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000041
OPUS (PUBLIC) CHARTERED ISSUANCE S.A.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT180859
Opus - Chartered Issuances S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

DE000A13TYW2DE000A14A6M5DE000A14A6N3DE000A14DZZ4DE000A175YR4DE000A1766A2DE000A179ZR3DE000A17LGN6DE000A17ZY28DE000A17ZY36DE000A184F09DE000A184KW5DE000A185GT6DE000A185L83DE000A185XJ2DE000A18SPY7DE000A1Z0AL1DE000A1Z3EL7DE000A1ZALT0DE000A1ZEW93DE000A1ZKES6DE000A1ZMR66DE000A1ZN2M9DE000A1ZX3Q6DE000A2A3362DE000A2A8E86DE000A2A8E94DE000A2BF615DE000A2BGNU0DE000A2BHTX9DE000A2CQCQ8DE000A2CQXS0DE000A2CR9L8DE000A2CRZ67DE000A2CU3B7DE000A2CUGV1DE000A2D35K5DE000A2D3N19DE000A2D6NJ0DE000A2D6NK8



LUT114001
Opus Securities S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS0272723551



LUT156070
Oracle Securitization S.à R.L.

44, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT202971
Orange Finance S.A.

52-54, Avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT184088
Orion Investors S.à r.l.

6D, route de Trèves, CP L-2633, Senningerberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT195970
Oryx Asset S.A.

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS1291860382XS1432423314



LUT195649
Overseas & Continental (Luxembourg)

13, rue de la Fonderie, CP L-1531, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT125789
ÖZALTIN LUXEMBOURG S.A.

25C, boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT160657
PagesJaunes Finance & Co. S.C.A.

63, rue de Rollingergrund, CP L-2440, Luxembourg

XS0626691447XS0626691959



LUT157443
Paladin Realty Brazil Investors III (Lux) S.A.

40, Avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

LU0573895165LU0573895595



LUT205243
Palladium Global Investments S.A.

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000001
PALLADIUM SECURITIES 1 S.A.

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

DE000A0S1R92DE000A0TDBJ1US69644CAA80XS0298612002XS0336047856XS0362193947XS0371649335XS0429883084XS0429883167XS0429883241XS0507205358XS0530587954XS0550963929XS0550965205XS0550965890XS0550966609XS0550966948XS0550968563XS0569915738XS0631514832XS0631516613XS0651258203XS0683961741XS0683968241XS0683973910XS0683976855XS0683978042XS0768457433XS0796880291XS0859652124XS0861815172XS0862691473XS0863560669XS0866405037XS0866405383XS0868102392XS0868354100XS0868439604XS0868503540XS0873438989XS0873868649XS0878866382XS0882560427XS0882561409XS0890105603XS0890286809XS0890290744XS0890308462XS0890631913XS0890792764XS0893373992XS0914805733XS0921720073XS0944058071XS0950663483XS0955041594XS0960970001XS0962962741XS0963356018XS0991673434XS0994721891XS1008561661XS1013674285XS1033747152XS1033747749XS1038295934XS1042121407XS1043118576XS1048587759XS1054250581XS1057380302XS1063523135XS1070310492XS1073402973XS1088811358XS1090765030XS1090765113XS1093823968XS1123358548XS1125546538XS1131273416XS1136288633



LUT169627
PAMIGA FINANCE S.A.

10, Rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT193958
PanamInvest SA

18, rue Robert Stümper, CP L-2557, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT164891
Pan Asset Management S.A.

370, Route de Longwy, CP L-1940, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT142500
P and A Investments S.A.

92, Rue de Bonnevoie, CP L-1260, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT091864
Pan European Credit S.A.

80, route d'Esch, CP L-1470, Luxembourg

XS0251291992XS0944818565XS1005254708XS1034975745XS1117263027XS1160541915XS1333050687



LUT105964
Pan-European Industrial Properties Series IV S.A.

46A, avenue JF Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT210486
PAP Finance S.à r.l.

43-45, Allée Scheffer, CP L-2520, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT010045
Paraiba Brazilian Opportunities Fund

75 Parc D'activités, CP L-8308, Capellen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT175184
Paramount Group Real Estate Investments S.A.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT203495
PARC RISCHARD SECURITIES

50, rue Charles Martel, CP L-2134, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT205738
PARKOUR FINANCE S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT214243
Park Square Capital/SMBC Loan Programme S.à r.l.

3, boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT181372
Park Square Capital Credit Opportunities II (USD) S.à r.l.

3, Boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT214441
Park Square Capital Credit Opportunities III (EUR)  S.a r.l.

3 boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, , Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT211482
Park Square Capital Credit Opportunities III (USD) S.à r.l.

3, boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT191762
Park Square Capital III S.à r.l.

3, Boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT159424
Park Square Capital II Parallel S.à r.l.

3, Boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT145659
Park Square Capital II S.à R.L.

3, boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT156559
Park Square Capital II Supplemental S.à r.l.

3, Boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT104706
Park Square Capital I S.à R.L.

3, boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT185539
Park Square Kodiak Sarl

3, Boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT177967
Park Square MB Credit S.à r.l.

3, Boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT191798
Park Square - PSERS Credit Opportunities S.à r.l.

3, Boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT114648
Partners Group Prime Yield S.à R.L.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT205664
PARTNERS GROUP PRIVATE MARKETS CREDIT STRATEGIES 2 S.A.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT168347
PARTNERS GROUP PRIVATE MARKETS CREDIT STRATEGIES S.A.

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS0941630138XS0982216540XS1084163606



LUT174394
PassionProtect®

Le Freeport Luxembourg Parishaff, CP L-2315, Senningerberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT082186
Patagonia Finance S.A.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XS0140528364XS0140528448



LUT200262
Pausa Capital S.à r.l.

5, rue Guillaume J. Kroll, CP , Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT203269
PCAM Issuance III S.A.

51 Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP , Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT170576
PCAM Issuance II S.A.

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS0811461366XS0880976880XS1013956690XS1151025753



LUT000022
PCAM ISSUANCE S.A.

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS0433523692XS0473733870XS0520249276XS0568955743XS0599648879XS0694450809XS0707911375XS0715204045XS0796999695XS0934341024XS0972717473XS0985944932XS0992306497XS1035567590XS1056650085XS1056650838XS1056651059XS1056651133XS1056651216XS1056651307XS1107633015XS1218827100XS1218827365XS1218827449XS1218827522XS1218961842XS1233300562XS1306611812XS1331015435XS1361716662



LUT139407
Pemgroup Lux S.A.

51, route de Thionville, CP L-2611, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT118750
Penta CLO 1 S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS0289317785XS0289317868XS0289318247XS0289319211XS0289320573XS0289321035XS0289322439XS0289322942XS0289324211XS0289324724XS0289330028XS0289330531XS0289331182XS0289331935XS0289333717XS0289336652XS0289337890XS0289338781XS0289339243XS0289339839XS0290115160XS0290116218



LUT201748
Permanentia S.à r.l.

76-78, Grand-Rue, CP L-1660, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT169373
PE Securitization (Lux) S.A.

20, rue de la Poste, CP L-2346, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT181921
PETRA Master Trust S.A.

2, Boulevard KOnrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT207418
Petrixo Investments S.A.

19, rue de Bitbourg, CP L-1273, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT100018
Petrusse European CLO S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

US71676VAA35US71676VAC90US71676VAE56US71676VAG05US71676VAJ44US71676VAL99US71676VAN55US71676VAP04US71676VAQ86US71676VAT26US71676VAV71US71676VAX38US71676VAZ85US71676VBA26US71676VBB09US71676VBC81XS0190628213XS0195302640XS0195303457XS0195307524XS0195308092XS0195308761XS0195328108XS0195328363XS0195328520XS0195328793XS0195328959XS0195329098XS0195329171XS0195329502XS0195329767



LUT163228
Petrusse Securitisation SA

17, rue Beaumont, CP L-1219, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT215084
Phoenix CRE S.à r.l.

47, avenue J. F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT210331
PICCOR SECURITISATION SA

17, rue de Flaxweiler, CP L-6776, Grevenmacher

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT178048
Picture II S.à r.l.

60, Grand Rue, CP L-1660, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT147031
Pillar Securitisation S.à R.L.

35A, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

LU0447904169LU0447905216LU0447905729LU0447906610LU0447906883



LUT172625
Pinehurst Securities SA

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS1485746348XS1549466677XS1549466750



LUT160097
Planeta Industries S.A.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000009
PLATINO S.A.

20, rue de la Poste, CP L-2346, Luxembourg

DE000A1GVD49DE000A1KK980



LUT148693
Plentum Luxembourg S.à R.L.

97, rue Jean-Pierre Michels, CP L-4243, Esch-sur-Alzette

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT208370
PLN Lux SA

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

AT0000A1NGF7AT0000A1PL51



LUT182502
Ploio Securitization S.à r.l.

44, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT178077
PL Salvador S.à r.l.

26, Boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT142947
Polychord S.A.

51, Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

LU0401067664



LUT000027
PORTFOLIO SOLUTIONS S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

DE000A1EZ0C5DE000A1EZ0D3LU0502033870LU0502248130LU0502248486LU0531257946LU0531260734LU0531261203LU0532464780LU0651206319LU0651206665LU0975470179LU1170056409LU1170059254LU1170059502XS1381942488



LUT202486
PR Aircraft Finance

6D, route de Trèves, CP L-2633, Senningerberg

XS1362551183



LUT124417
Presco Investments S.à R.L.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT212683
Prima Credit Strategies I SA

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT048030
Prime Target S.A.

11, Avenue de la Porte Neuve, CP L-2227, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT181282
Primos Alternative Investments S.à r.l.

3A, boulevard du Prince Henri, CP L-1724, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT178570
Prince LuxCo, Société de Titrisation SARL

8-10, rue Mathias Hardt, CP L-1717, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT158681
Principal Residential Investment Mortgages 1 S.A

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XS0598039211XS0598039302XS0736639112XS0736642686XS0736644203



LUT158205
Principal Residential Operating Platform Evaluating Receivables 1 S.à r.l.

40, Avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000007
PRINUS INVEST S.A.

1, rue Hildegard von Bingen, CP L-1282, Luxembourg

XS0397011387



LUT214941
Private Equity Luxembourg S.C.A.

1, boulevard de la Foire, CP L-1528, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT215040
Private Investments Luxembourg S.C.A.

1, boulevard de la Foire, CP L-1528, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT170524
PRIVATE SECURISATION MANAGEMENT S.A.

42, rue de la Vallée, CP L-2661, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT186561
ProCap Luxco S.à r.l.

25C, boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT208112
ProSil Acquisition S.A.

59, rue de Rollingerground, CP L-2440, Luxembourg

XS1499106208XS1499156138



LUT202455
ProsperoCapital S.à r.l.

1B, rue Jean Piret, CP L-2350, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT203066
Prudent Enhanced Yield S.A.

24, avenue Marie-Thérèse, CP L-2132, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT117290
PTC Essen Capital S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT194513
PURE Finance S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

DE000A2E7S75DE000A2E7S91DE000A2E7TB1DE000A2E7TD7DE000A2FG440DE000A2FG457DE000A2FG465DE000A2FG473DE000A2FG481DE000A2FG499DE000A2FG5A9DE000A2FG5B7DE000A2FG5C5DE000A2FG5D3DE000A2FG5E1DE000A2FG5F8DE000A2FG5H4DE000A2FG5J0DE000A2FG5K8DE000A2FG5L6DE000A2FG5M4DE000A2FG5N2DE000A2FG5P7DE000A2FG5Q5DE000A2FG5R3DE000A2FG5S1DE000A2FG5T9



LUT000039
PURPLE PROTECTED ASSET

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1528, Luxembourg

LU1084375705XS1194020936XS1231108389XS1231124238XS1231125805XS1231149813XS1231151637XS1244872005XS1289974153XS1300346837XS1319606387XS1323612744XS1365262861XS1397135168XS1412584432XS1413493419XS1500609315XS1500609406XS1524654248XS1539824737



LUT177371
Pyxis Nautica S.A.

151, avenue de la Faïencerie, CP L-1511, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT155920
Quartz No. 1 S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT150784
Rainbow Finance S.A.

10, Rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

LU0927211325



LUT188059
RBRE CAPITAL EUROPE

25C, Boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT129703
REAL ESTATE DESIGN & DEVELOPMENT S.A.

55, rue de la Liberté, CP L-1931, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT212871
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS EUROPE S.A.

75, parc d'activités, Vega Center, CP L-8308, Capellen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT172216
Recobro Spain S.à r.l.

9A, rue Robert Stümper, CP L-2557, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT143208
Recovery Finance Funding, 2008 S.A.

412F, route d'Esch, CP L-1471, Luxembourg

XS0406223064XS0406223221



LUT203578
Red & Black Auto Lease Germany 2 S.A.

52-54, avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XS1389833150XS1389833234



LUT162811
RE Debt Strategy II S.A.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT161570
RE Debt Strategy S.A.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT187005
RedOak Property S.A.

10, rue Nicolas Adames, CP L-1114, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT213163
Red River Reinsurance Debt Securities

19, rue de Bitbourg, CP L-1273, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT100714
Reform Capital Luxembourg II S.à r.l.

10A, rue Henri M. Schnadt, CP L-2530, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT109379
Reform Capital Luxembourg S.à R.L.

412F, route d'Esch, CP L-2086, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT196375
REI 2 SV S.à r.l.

1c, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000020
REINET INVESTMENTS S.C.A.

35, boulevard Prince Henri, CP L-1724, Luxembourg

LU0383812293



LUT208311
REIO S.A.

3-5, rue du Fossé, CP L-1536, Luxembourg

LU1513040953



LUT180255
REI SV S.à r.l.

1c, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT170655
Remich Holding II, S.à r.l.

5c, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT143815
REM IIa Luxembourg S.à r.l.

31, Grand Rue, CP L-1661, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT139881
REM Luxembourg S.à R.L.

31, Grand Rue, CP L-1661, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT213612
Renewable Investments Lux SA

11-13, Boulevard de la Foire, CP L-1528, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT183623
RENTALIA S.A.

412F, route d'Esch, CP L-2086, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT179417
Résidence de France Properties S.à r.l.

50, rue Charles Martel, CP L-2134, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT169393
Ribes Holding S.à r.l.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT171972
RI Menora Finco S.A.

127, Rue de Mühlenbach, CP L-2168, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT199617
RIO Income S.à r.l.

412F, route d'Esch, CP L-1030, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT205816
ROCON SECURITISATION S.A.

32, Avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT205215
ROI Securitisation SA

1b, rue Jean Piret, CP L-2350, Luxembourg

XS1471723624



LUT192796
ROOF Infrastructure 2014 S.à r.l.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS1157651248



LUT207107
ROOF Leasing Austria S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, LUXEMBOURG

XS1492396939XS1492397820



LUT202018
ROOF RBCZ 2015 S.à r.l.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS1334455364



LUT198354
ROOF Real Estate 2015 S.à r.l.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT211676
ROOF SMART S.A.

52-54, avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT187719
Royal Luxury Credits S.A.

10, Rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

LU1130306316



LUT208598
RSG FUNDING S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS1505941119XS1545815455



LUT146821
RSI S.A.

15, rue Gibraltar, CP L-1624, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT133521
Russian Factoring No 1 SA

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT141133
Russian Mortgage Backed securities 2008-1 S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT131212
Russian Mortgages Capital S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT135628
S.C. FIRST VENTURES S.A.

10, Rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

LU1140690600LU1140832913



LUT155487
Sablino S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT138006
Sac Finance S.A.

10, Rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT196060
Sachwert Verbriefungen S.A.

5, Heienhaff, CP L-1736, Senningerberg

DE000A1Z0G32



LUT184061
Safety Invest S.A.

19, rue de Bitbourg, CP L-1273, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT179469
Sagasta Corporate Finance S.à r.l.

25A, Boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, LUXEMBOURG

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT157260
Sagramor Capital S.A.

10, Rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT175465
Salam Lux II S.A.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT215691
SAMI LUXEMBOURG S.A.

24, rue Astrid, CP L-1143, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT168560
Sancopia Portfolios No. 1 S.à r.l.

8-10, Avenue de la Gare, CP L-1610, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT206201
Santa Maria Loans S.à r.l.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT180005
SC Austria Finance 2013-1 S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT200242
SC FINANCE S.A.

40, avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT213399
Schroder Securitisation (Luxembourg) S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT211467
Schroder Securitisation II (Luxembourg) S.A.

46A, Avenue J.F.Kennedy, CP , Luxembourg

LU1559219354



LUT165555
Sciamani S.A.

231, Val des Bons Malades, CP L-2121, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT199832
SCU SWISS CREDIT UNION S.A.

14, Rue de Strassen, CP L-2555, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT188708
SD CREDIT HOLDING, SARL

48, boulevard Grande Duchesse Charlotte, CP L-1330, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT195384
SD Debt Portfolios S.A.

48, Boulevard Grande Duchesse Charlotte, CP L-1330, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT199622
SDLF (L-B) SCA

4, rue Lou Hemmer, CP , Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT147578
SDT Securitisation S.A.

203, route d'Esch, CP L-1471, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT087215
Seals Finance S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

US78409FAB58US78409FAC32XS0161694558XS0161694715XS0161695100XS0165291765XS0169856431XS0169933107XS0171247652XS0172770900XS0203163224XS0211620272XS0223765354



LUT108305
Secapital S.à.r.l.

1A, rue Jean Piret, CP L-2350, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT174524
SECUFUND S.A.

6, rue d'Arlon, CP L-8399, Windhof

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT199528
SECULUX S.A.

5, Rue Heienhaff, CP L-1736, Senningerberg

LU1282891784



LUT000023
SECURASSET S.A.

20, rue de la Poste, CP L-2346, Luxembourg

LU0752047448XS0430518224XS0446397266XS0468164123XS0474011516XS0479693524XS0484208342XS0487721705XS0496142091XS0502503344XS0509231261XS0518180160XS0525765557XS0531321544XS0531322781XS0532282166XS0541412895XS0548679645XS0558757075XS0568376478XS0578699844XS0592120447XS0604775402XS0617199897XS0626821085XS0637649491XS0664476420XS0674680151XS0699614797XS0699703202XS0700194698XS0718540197XS0718748188XS0730623229XS0756702063XS0791643132XS0811146330XS0811146504XS0834151937XS0841379281XS0841380024XS0842957283XS0866833931XS0873364334XS0873521537XS0879468949XS0889848387XS0894202885XS0906489694XS0906489934XS0906517148XS0907885403XS0908653313XS0921229216XS0922882187XS0926517540XS0939063656XS0939063813XS0939063904XS0939064035XS0939064118XS0939064209XS0939064381XS0939064464XS0939064548XS0939064621XS0939064894XS0939064977XS0939065198XS0939065271XS0939065354XS0939065438XS0939065511XS0939065784XS0939066089XS0939066162XS0939066246XS0939066592XS0939066758XS0939066832XS0939066915XS0939067053XS0939067210XS0939067566XS0940269979XS0940448474XS0940448557XS0940969958XS0940970295XS0946776530XS0955685218XS0969713899XS0969713972XS0969714350XS0969714517XS0969714608XS0969714947XS0969715241XS0969715324XS0969715597XS0969715670XS0969715753XS0996782750XS0996782917XS0996783055XS0996783139XS0996783212XS0996783568XS0996784293XS0996784376XS0996817648XS0996817721XS0996817994XS0996818372XS0996818455XS0996818539XS0996818612XS0996818703XS0996818885XS0996818968XS0996819008XS0996819263XS0996819347XS0996819420XS0996819693XS0996819776XS0996819859XS0996819933XS1033735736XS1033735819XS1033735900XS1033736031XS1033736114XS1033736205XS1033736387XS1033736460XS1033736544XS1033736627XS1033737195XS1033737278XS1033737781XS1033737864XS1033738086XS1033738243XS1033738839XS1068369575XS1068369658XS1068369732XS1068369815XS1068369906XS1068370078XS1068370151XS1068370235XS1068370318XS1068370409XS1068370581XS1068370664XS1068370748XS1068370821XS1068371399XS1068371555XS1068371639XS1068412177XS1068412334XS1068412417XS1068412508XS1068412680XS1068412763XS1068412847XS1068412920XS1068413068XS1068413142XS1068413225XS1068413498XS1068413571XS1068414116XS1068414207XS1068421327XS1068421590XS1068421673XS1068421756XS1068421830XS1068421913XS1068422051XS1068422135XS1068422218XS1127306485XS1127306568XS1127306642XS1127306725XS1127306998XS1127307020XS1127307293XS1127307376XS1127307459XS1127307533XS1127307616XS1127307707XS1127307889XS1127307962XS1127308002XS1127324892XS1127324975XS1127325196XS1127325279XS1127325436XS1127325519XS1127325600XS1127325782XS1127325865XS1127326087XS1127326160XS1127326244XS1127326327XS1189332148XS1189332221XS1189332494XS1189332577XS1189332650XS1189332734XS1189332817XS1189332908XS1189333039XS1189333112XS1189333203XS1189333385XS1189333468XS1189333625XS1189335752XS1189335836XS1189336057XS1189336131XS1189336214XS1189336305XS1189336487XS1189336560XS1189336644XS1189336727XS1189336990XS1189337022XS1189337295XS1189337378XS1189337451XS1189337535XS1189337618XS1189337709XS1189337881XS1189337964XS1189338004XS1189338186XS1189338269XS1189338343XS1189338426XS1189338699XS1189338772XS1189338855XS1189338939XS1233664769XS1233666202XS1233666384XS1233666467XS1233666541XS1233672192XS1233672275XS1233672432XS1233672515XS1356739430XS1356739604XS1356739786XS1356739943XS1356740016XS1356740107XS1356740289XS1356740362XS1356740529XS1356740792XS1356740875XS1356740958XS1356741097XS1356741170XS1356741253XS1356741337XS1356741410XS1356786944XS1410521444XS1410521527XS1410521873XS1410521956XS1410522095XS1410522178XS1410522335



LUT201158
Secure Asset Financing S.à r.l.

52-54, avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT150247
Secure Asset Holdings S.A.

52-54, Avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT131431
Secure Capital S.A.

52-54, avenue du X septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT180439
Secure Industries SA

11, avenue de la Porte Neuve, CP L-2227, Luxembourg

LU0980415839LU0980422454



LUT158526
Securely Transferred Auto Receivables II Limited

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT010041
SecurFund

75 Parc D'activité, CP L-8308, Capellen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT105911
SECURISATION SERVICES FUNDING S.A.

17, Rue Beaumont, CP L-1219, Luxembourg

XS0907905797XS1089898230



LUT164864
Securitization Opportunities S.A.

1B, rue Jean Piret, CP L-2350, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT010030
SECURITRUST S.F.

75, Parc d'activités, CP L-8308, Mamer/Capellen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT150149
Securo Lux S.A.

1c, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

XS0475193222XS0476363881XS0476363964XS0501834245XS0671467271XS0744006551XS0774740210XS0891052341XS0957685471XS1059797206



LUT150232
Securo Pro Lux S.A.

1c, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

DE000A1HJ194DE000A1HJ2A2XS0475248653XS0759325292XS0791296824XS0791298879XS0893940741XS1192951579



LUT188674
Securo Sachwerte S.A.

1c, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT195462
Select Master Fund S.A.

5, rue de Bonnevoie, CP L-1260, Luxembourg

XS1377836496XS1377837114



LUT207137
SEMPER AUGUSTUS S.A.

19, Jean Brachmond Stroos, CP L-6691, Moersdorf

DE000A1846W6DE000A184NY5



LUT121228
Senior Assured Investment S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT171820
Senior European Loan UK S.A.

5, allée Scheffer, CP L-2520, Luxembourg

XS1071359449XS1247428623



LUT137640
Senior Preferred Investments S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT165989
Sequoia IDF Asset Holdings S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000035
SERENADE INVESTMENT CORPORATION SA

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XS1056851816XS1060843353XS1089830274XS1089860347XS1097946864XS1119424981XS1124987022XS1171543272XS1172227727XS1176673751XS1183227625XS1183938726XS1189262006XS1207473478XS1209872834XS1244852825XS1249909042XS1249967321XS1249967834XS1268616726XS1273371440XS1273371796XS1273371879XS1273372174XS1273372414XS1273372760XS1273373065XS1273374030XS1273374386XS1273374626XS1273375193XS1273375433XS1273375789XS1273376084XS1273376324XS1273376753XS1273377058XS1273377306XS1273377645XS1273385747XS1273386042XS1273386398XS1273386471XS1273386554XS1273386638XS1273386711XS1273386802XS1273386984XS1273387016XS1273387107XS1273387289XS1273387362XS1273387446XS1273387529XS1273387792XS1273387875XS1273388097XS1273388170XS1273388253XS1273388337XS1273388410XS1273388501XS1273388683XS1273388840XS1273388923XS1273389061XS1273389228XS1273389574XS1273389731XS1273389905XS1273390317XS1273390580XS1274045936XS1278921991XS1278924318XS1278925554XS1292967046XS1292967392



LUT125979
Shamrock Finance No.1 S.A.

412F, route d'Esch, CP L-1030, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT164505
Shimla S.A.

95, Rue Ermesinde, CP L-1469, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT087793
Signum Luxembourg I SA

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XS0666767495



LUT111345
Silver Arrow S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS0978779980XS0978780723XS1103350325XS1103350838XS1278757742XS1278758476XS1435241085XS1435241242



LUT162403
SIMBA INVESTMENTS 1

75, Parc d'activités, CP L-8308, Mamer/Capellen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT137652
SINEQUANON Invest S.à r.l.

14, Rue du Marché aux Herbes, CP L-1728, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT112855
Sinex Investments S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

LU0260623730LU0331391440LU0331392091LU0331392331LU0331392687LU0331972090LU0332232858



LUT206430
Single Platform Investment Repackaging EntityS.A.

51 Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1853, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT181159
SIRENA INTERNATIONAL S.A.

42, rue de la Vallée, CP L-2661, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT208690
SIXTYFIVE

89E, Parc d'activités, CP L-8308, Capellen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT173345
SkyBond I SA

1c, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT165091
SkylineLux S.A.

52-54, avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT122835
Smart Fact S.A.

2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

DE000A182WL7DE000A1Z9WM4



LUT164671
Société européenne de titrisation S.A.

45-47, route d'Arlon, CP L-1140, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT177180
Société Industrielle HMM

6, Rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT137564
Soma Lux SPV S.à R.L.

44, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT102636
Sonata Securities S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT189878
Southern Investments S.à r.l.

79, route d'Arlon, CP L-1140, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT209183
Sovereign Credit Opportunities SA

37A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XS1527385287XS1527385360



LUT152107
Special Solutions S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

LU0505717693LU0505718071LU0505718311LU0540028585LU0540030052LU0540036331LU0540036414LU0654805224LU0654806032LU0991119412LU0991121582LU0991121749LU0991122390LU1101407200LU1490160071



LUT195689
SP Holdings S.à r.l.

8-10, avenue de la Gare, CP L-1610, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT134223
Spike Investments S.A.

231, Val des Bons Malades, CP L-2121, Luxembourg-Kirchberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT215189
Spinnaker Diversified Investments S.A.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT185497
SPORTFINANCE S.A.

2, Boulevard de la Foire, CP L-1528, Luxembourg

LU1587968139



LUT118323
Springbok Luxco Limited

1, rue Jean Piret, CP L-2350, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT195812
SP Securitisation S.à r.l.

8-10, avenue de la Gare, CP L-1610, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT161571
SPS Platin Securitisation S.A.

5, rue Heienhaff, CP L-1736, Senningerberg

XS1340046066XS1572751516



LUT161462
SPV Capital Funding Luxembourg, S.à r.l.

6, Rue Adolphe, CP L-1116, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT213176
SRF II Lux S.à r.l.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT212492
SRF I Lux S.à r.l.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT211032
Stakecorp Capital S.à r.l.

9, Allée Scheffer, CP L-2520, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT197450
Standard Aggregated S.A.

25a, Boulevard Royal, CP L-2449, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT089354
Stanton CDO I S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

US854728AA09US854728AB81US854728AC64US854728AD48US854728AE21US854728AF95US854728AG78US854728AJ18US854728AK80US854728AL63US854728AM47XS0178323522XS0178323878XS0178324173XS0178324256XS0178324686XS0178324843XS0178325063XS0178325147XS0178325576XS0178325733XS0178326038XS0287298045



LUT177027
Starfin Lux 2 S.à r.l.

2-8, Avenue Charles de Gaulle, CP L-1653, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT173367
Starfin Lux S.à r.l.

2-8 avenue Charles de Gaulle, CP L-1653, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT153310
Star Golden Share S.A.

7, Rue Guillaume J. Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT209974
START Issuer S.A.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT204147
Stonessence Capital S.A.

18, rue Robert Stümper, CP L-2557, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000025
STORK ACCEPTANCE S.A.

9, boulevard Prince Henri, CP L-1724, Luxembourg

XS0621107670XS0654017465XS0696276921XS0738796399XS0775105249XS0810268077XS0870997763XS0870997920XS0871331335XS0957028649XS0963993679XS0987228235XS0988087952XS1023701474XS1023701631XS1040276955XS1055028184XS1061541550XS1063941998XS1098104950XS1098105171XS1132122257XS1132125862XS1181837979XS1181839751XS1227242044XS1269175896XS1269176357XS1311328832XS1313038827XS1313039122XS1355131480XS1355132611XS1403264457XS1403264614XS1463219680XS1463219763XS1520525020XS1520527828



LUT173316
Stornoway Finance S.à r.l.

16,, Avenue Pasteur, CP L-2310, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT190574
Stratus ABF S.A.

52-54, avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

DE000A1ZRFQ2DE000A1ZRFR0



LUT151645
Stratus Invest S.C.A.

7A, Rue Robert Stümper, CP L-2557, Luxembourg

DE000A13S9L2LU0626043441XS0582192232XS0582198197XS0620513613XS0620513704XS0661214378XS0661214535XS0731412069XS0731412143XS0772033543XS0772033972XS0809068892XS0809069197



LUT191977
Suncap SCOOP S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

LU1148176602XS1520831063XS1520831147XS1545830256XS1551071548



LUT192453
Sus Bee Finance S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS1151620801



LUT209063
SUSI LUX S.A.

1c, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT144905
Suvarna Finance S.A.

127, Rue de Mühlenbach, CP L-2168, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT147077
SV CAPITAL S.A.

29, Avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT048706
Swap Enhanced Asset Linked Securities (SEALS) S.A.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

USL89662DU88XS0105398894XS0121182447XS0122966657XS0123379066XS0124277277XS0127654795XS0130033607XS0134388114XS0138178552XS0138667752XS0143610490XS0143610730



LUT162940
Swiss Euro Securities SA - Société de Titrisation

10, Rue St Ulric, CP L-2651, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT191307
SWISSLUXINVEST S.A.

18, rue Robert Stümper, CP L-2557, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT209607
Synthesis Trade Finance III S.A.

3 Wirwelt, CP , Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT209609
Synthesis Trade Finance II S.A.

3 Wirwelt, CP , Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT209606
Synthesis Trade Finance I S.A.

3 Wirwelt, CP L-9970, Leithum

XS1518919698XS1519030701XS1519030966



LUT173866
Systexan S.àr .l.

5 rue Guillaume Kroll, CP , Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT215007
Taiga Special Opportunities Co-Invest S.à r.l.

6D, route de Trèves, CP L-2633, Senningerberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT201536
Tai Tai Limited SV Sàrl

24, rue Beaumont, CP L-1219, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000011
TARANIS SECURITIES S.A.

42, rue de la Vallée, CP L-2661, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT213432
Target AM Securities SV

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT197108
Target Group Sàrl

100A, route d'Arlon, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT214690
TARGET PROPERTIES

89E, Parc d'activités, CP L-8308, Capellen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000019
TAURUS CAPITAL S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XS0605145001



LUT192621
Tawreeq Investments

28, rue Edward Steichen, CP L-2540, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT213494
Tawreeq SCF Investments

28, rue Edward Steichen, CP L-2540, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT209249
TBFC Alchemist GmbH

9A, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT153966
TBL PG S.àr.l.

30, Boulevard Grande-Duchesse Charlotte, CP L-1330, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT177639
Temma S.à r.l.

19, rue de Bitbourg, CP L-1273, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT148131
Tempus Holdings B S.à R.L.

33, avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT105150
Tenzing CFO S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

US88074MAA53US88074MAC10US88074MAD92US88074MAE75US88074MAG24US88074MAH07US88074MAK36US88074MAM91



LUT171015
Teramy Investments S.à r.l.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT175887
Terrigena European Securities S.à r.l.

121, avenue de la Faïencerie, CP L-1511, Luxembourg

DE000A18XAR3LU1073506591LU1114426148LU1114426221LU1323906146



LUT191039
TERSICORE S.A.

11-13, Boulevard de la Foire, CP L-1528, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT168317
TFI-Hines Brazil Income Real Estate Fund Ltd. S.C.S.

205, route d'Arlon, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT193914
Thalos Investment Platform S.A.

9A, rue Gabriel Lippmann, CP L-5365, Munsbach

DE000A1823G8DE000A189HT6DE000A19CEE5DE000A19CEF2



LUT203702
THESAURUS S.A.

30, rue de Clausen, CP L-1342, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT111975
Theseus European CLO S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

US883681AA60US883681AB44US883681AC27US883681AD00US883681AE82US883681AF57US883681AM09US883681AN81XS0260294656XS0260351639XS0260352793XS0260353171XS0260354732XS0260355119XS0260627053XS0260628291



LUT010044
Theseus Special Opportunities Fund

75 Parc D'activités, CP L-8308, Capellen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT010047
THIBREF Holdings

35F, Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, LUXEMBOURG

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT209793
TIK SECURITIES S.à r.l.

9, rue Schiller, CP L-2519, Luxembourg

DE000A189458



LUT178756
Timberland Investment SA

20B, Rue des Carrières, CP L-1316, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT192155
Timberland Securities SA

20B, Rue des Carrières, CP L-1316, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT210174
Timberman S.à r.l.

19, rue de Bitbourg, CP L-1273, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT179721
Tishman Speyer Nautilus Finance S.à r.l.

34-38, avenue de la Liberté, CP L-1930, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT109087
Titan Series Luxembourg S.à R.L.

15, rue Edward Steichen, CP L-2540, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT010023
TITRAGEM

5, Rue Raoul Follereau, CP L-8240, Mamer

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT169525
TITRICO S.àr.l.

8, Rue de Beggen, CP L-1220, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT150827
Titrisation Helvetico-Luxembourgeoise

3 avenue Pasteur, CP L-2311, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT182071
Tomahawk (Lux) S.à r.l.

5, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT191952
TOPAZ CAPITAL MARKET S.à r.l.

34, rue Notre Dame, CP L-2240, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT176184
TPSI Lux S.A.

7, rue Robert Stümper, CP L-2557, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT110483
Trade Receivables Finance S.A.

7, Grand Rue, CP L-6630, Wasserbilig

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT165220
Trade Receivables Investment Vehicle Sàrl

19-21, Boulevard du Prince Henri, CP L-1724, Luxembourg

XS0721547460XS0721547627XS0721548195XS0722269171XS0722269411XS0722269767XS0773218705XS0773219182XS0773219349XS0773219422XS0795871929XS0796764974XS0798947965XS1008503036XS1069538996XS1104105496XS1104254492XS1275429378



LUT174134
Travis Securities International

15, Rue Edward Steichen, CP L-2540, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT208103
TREBOL INVESTMENT LUXEMBOURG S.A.

681, rue de Neudorf, CP L-2220, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT078457
Trees S.A.

46A, avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XS0156275066XS0158536978XS0160734827XS0187832588XS0209238491XS0217539989XS0217541027XS0217542348XS0217543072XS0263043696XS0263044587XS0307764885XS0335522628XS0634177348XS0634880891



LUT182821
Triton Debt Opportunities S.C.A.

2C, rue Albert Borschette, CP L-1246, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT210946
Triton Managed Account I S.à r.l

2C, rue Albert Borschette, CP L-1246, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT143292
Trucknology S.A.

52-54, avenue du X septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT171052
Trust Capital Holdings S.à r.l.

37C, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XS1150685631



LUT215008
TSO CR Company S.à r.l.

6D, route de Trèves, CP L-2633, Senningerberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT173937
TTI Finance S.àr.l.

51, Avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT181115
Tubat Finance S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT206033
TULPENHUIS S.A.

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT127917
Turrett Funding & Co SCA

58, rue Charles Martel, CP L-2134, Luxembourg

XS0305437690XS0305438078XS0305441700



LUT186721
TwentyTwo Credit I

412F, route d'Esch, CP L-2086, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT155673
Twinkle Finance S.à r.l.

14, Rue Edward Steichen, CP L-2540, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000044
UBS (LUXEMBOURG) ISSUER SA

33A, avenue J.F.Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XS1504067908XS1532506265



LUT095089
Ultimo Portfolio Investment (Luxembourg) S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2519, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT116140
Undercroft S.à R.L.

2-4, rue Beck, CP L-1222, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT212443
UNITI FINANCEMENT S.A.

1b, rue Jean Piret, CP L-2350, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT142879
Universal Credit S.A.

80, route d'Esch, CP L-1470, Luxembourg

XS0937840816XS0977439917XS1005254534XS1074390722XS1097883174XS1111591811XS1323448099XS1373021101XS1395533141



LUT154470
Universal Securitisation Solutions S.A.

15, Rue de Flaxweiler, CP L-6776, Grevenmacher

XS0527408867XS0928161685XS0945624491XS1037423230XS1056037465XS1073160860XS1079557473XS1123759539XS1325165881XS1325166343XS1532493266XS1539699907XS1550993999



LUT129030
Unleveraged European ABS S.A.

80, route d'Esch, CP L-1470, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT199209
Urban Exposure Finance Lux S.à r.l.

26-28, rue Edward Steichen, CP L-2540, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT130545
URSA Mortgage Finance S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS0410997984XS0410998289XS0418265509



LUT196470
US Loan SV S.à r.l.

2-4, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT169082
Utrecht S.à r.l.

5, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT147934
Valvert Holdings S.à r.l.

64, Rue Principale, CP L-5367, Schuttrange

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT196045
Varia Structured Opportunities S.A.

3/A, rue Guillaume Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

LU1257879673LU1258444139LU1297580588LU1340098703LU1500609075LU1508761258



LUT184029
VCL Master Residual Value S.A.

52-54 avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XS1028409925XS1028411319XS1112863961XS1112864001XS1112864183XS1112864266XS1112864340XS1112864423XS1112864696XS1112864779XS1112864852XS1112864936XS1112865073XS1112865156XS1112865230XS1112865313XS1112865404XS1325738083XS1325738166XS1325738240XS1325738323XS1325738596XS1325738679XS1325738752XS1325738836XS1325739057XS1420331354XS1420331438XS1505904851XS1505904935XS1505905072



LUT149052
VCL Master S.A.

52-54, avenue du X septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XS0480715464XS0480715548XS0480715977XS0480716199XS0487713512XS0487714247XS0487714320XS0487714593XS0606355799XS0646441575XS0857704976XS0857705353XS0857705866XS0857706161XS0908771354XS0950403229XS0974292350XS1112835910XS1112836645XS1112837379XS1112837882XS1309693643



LUT148436
VCL Multi-Compartment S.A.

52-54, avenue du X septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XS0747070414XS0747070760XS0821742144XS0821743977XS0883687971XS0883694670XS0969641538XS0969642007XS1022746959XS1022763533XS1106979617XS1106980979XS1191004701XS1191005260XS1306609675XS1306610095XS1387177121XS1387178285XS1387217794XS1387218339XS1490219570XS1490220073



LUT154128
Vectorline Beteiligungsmanagement & Consulting S.A.

18, rue de la Chapelle, CP L-8017, Strassen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT010037
VENCORP SECURITIES FT

89e, Parc d'Activités, CP L-8308, Capellen

LU1170058876



LUT185807
Venn Capital II S.à r.l.

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT164364
VENTURE ESTATE

55, Avenue de la Liberté, CP L-1931, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT211160
VENTURIONS

13, rue de la Fonderie, CP L-1531, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT137987
Verbriefungsgesellschaft REPE S.A.

20, rue de la Poste, CP L-2346, Luxembourg

DE000A0V7LT1DE000A0V7LU9DE000A0V7LV7DE000A0V7LW5



LUT199469
Versito International S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT203645
Viceroy Industrials

19, rue Jean Brachmond, CP L-6691, Moersdorf

DE000A182EF7DE000A183RM3DE000A1849T6DE000A18X1C6DE000A18X6X1DE000A18XTL6DE000A18Y8S6DE000A19A8Z8DE000A2AZ227



LUT000042
VIDA FINANCE S.A.

51, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT178466
Viento 1

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT197193
Vintage 2015 S.à r.l.

2, rue Jean Monnet, CP L-2180, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT206953
Vintage 2016 S.à r.l.

2, rue Jean Monnet, CP L-2180, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT164158
Viridis III S.à r.l.

40, Avenue Monterey, CP L-2163, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT139842
Vis Capital S.A.

5, Rue de Bonnevoie, CP L-1260, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000032
VIS Finance S.A.

2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, CP L-1115, Luxembourg

CH0190655339XS0783532525XS0783532871XS0783533507XS0783533689XS0796493418XS0796493681XS0796493764XS0796493921XS0796494069XS0816371644XS0816372022XS0860992766XS0860992923XS0860993061XS0860993145XS0878578599XS0878588713XS0878588986XS0878589521XS0878650372XS0889416672XS0889416839XS0889417134XS0889417217XS0889417308XS0889417563XS0889417720XS0889417993XS0889418025XS0889418371XS0895788924XS0895795622XS0895795895XS0895796190XS0895796356XS0895796430XS0895797248XS0899725583XS0899730401XS0903942588XS0903943396XS0903943479XS0903945094XS0907860679XS0914262182XS0914262349XS0914262778XS0914262935XS0914263313XS0914679500XS0914682801XS0914683106XS0914687511XS0914690226XS0918543173XS0918544148XS0918547166XS0918547596XS0918548560XS0918567198XS0920912010XS0920912366XS0920912440XS0920912796XS0920912879XS0932592461XS0932620007XS0932623365XS0932639288XS0932724635XS0932725012XS0932725103XS0932725285XS0935035385XS0935043991XS0935052802XS0935055490XS0939691118XS0939692785XS0939692942XS0939693080XS0939693163XS0944321891XS0944322600XS0944323327XS0944434405XS0944434587XS0944435048XS0944435477XS0944435634XS0945406667XS0945407558XS0945408101XS0945408879XS0946732590XS0947863717XS0948888598XS0948897748XS0956493604XS0956494081XS0956494248XS0956494321XS0960321023XS0960321882XS0960322690XS0960322930XS0960913894XS0960914868XS0960914942XS0960915329XS0968555754XS0968557370XS0968558006XS0968558261XS0969647147XS0969648384XS0969648541XS0973554016XS0976569243XS0976572890XS0976573609XS0976573781XS0976576701XS0976576966XS0976577261XS0976577857XS0977260784XS0982593682XS0982595208XS0982595380XS0982595463XS0982595893XS0985119113XS0985119469XS0985119626XS0985120475XS0985120558XS0991145334XS0991150763XS0991525758XS0991527457XS0991529586XS0991529669XS0994929965XS0994933645XS0994934296XS0994934700XS0994935343XS0997539357XS0997539514XS0997665731XS0997666200XS0997666382XS0997666465XS1009593051XS1022165630XS1022166521XS1022166877XS1022166950XS1022450677XS1026086584XS1026087558XS1026088440XS1026089414XS1026089687XS1026090933XS1026091071XS1026091584XS1026092558XS1026092988XS1026095148XS1026097862XS1026098837XS1026103348XS1026103777XS1057658608XS1057659911XS1057660174XS1057660331XS1057662469XS1058444925XS1058445492XS1058450815XS1058454726XS1069338397XS1069338470XS1069338553XS1069338637XS1069338801XS1069340294XS1069340450XS1069340534XS1069340617XS1069342076XS1070999211XS1070999302XS1070999567XS1071000910XS1072112094XS1076683579XS1076683652XS1076687646XS1076690350XS1076690780XS1076690863XS1076691085XS1076691168XS1076691598XS1076700092XS1079568082XS1079574643XS1079574726XS1079574999XS1079575020XS1079576853XS1079576937XS1079577232XS1079577315XS1079577588XS1081746924XS1081747658XS1081747732XS1081747906XS1088288383XS1088288540XS1088288623XS1184705082XS1211588170XS1211588683XS1253425745XS1253426396XS1253428178XS1253448010XS1253465451XS1253473554XS1253478439XS1253480500XS1253480682XS1253492778XS1253493156XS1253503996XS1253512120XS1253513524XS1253515065XS1271904960XS1271905181XS1338978528XS1338979179XS1361777375XS1361777532XS1361777706XS1361780080XS1361783001XS1361783266XS1361783852XS1377519928XS1394216557XS1552617737XS1552618388XS1561158194XS1561158863



LUT201317
Visium Healthcare Partners LuxHoldings 1 S.à r.l.

153-155, rue du Kiem, CP L-8030, Strassen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000004
VIVALDIS - GESELLSCHAFT FÜR STRUKTURIERTE LÖSUNGEN S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

DE000A0G3UW4DE000A0GG533DE000A0GKHX1DE000A0GLAQ8DE000A0GX9M6DE000A0GX9N4DE000A0GYGD6DE000A0GYH01DE000A0LL236DE000A0LQNM9DE000A0SHFT4DE000A0TSSV8DE000A0TSSW6LU0361304586LU0367946158LU0368060363LU0376565932



LUT139680
Vizzion Real Estate Securities S.A.

15, rue Edward Steichen, CP L-2540, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT127651
VOLGA RESOURCES S.A.

58, rue Charles Martel, CP L-2134, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT010033
VOLIN GLOBAL MACRO FUND

10, Rue C. M. Spoo, CP L-2546, Luxembourg

LU1050205118LU1193041644



LUT187399
von der Heydt Trust SA

17, Rue de Flaxweiler, CP L-6776, Grevenmacher

DE000A120CP0DE000A185ZZ3DE000A18WT76DE000A18Y8T4



LUT188816
Vuelta Direct Holdings S.à r.l.

2, rue Jean Monnet, CP L-2180, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT157926
Wake Capital S.A.

10, Rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT162733
Wealth & Capital Securitisation S.A.

203, route d'Esch, CP L-1471, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT156465
Webb III S.à R.L.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT153360
Webb II S.à R.L.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT138462
Webb S.à R.L.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT205910
WEBERO Luxembourg S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XS1413595924XS1413596732XS1454964203



LUT130641
WENELINA S.A.

17, Rue Beaumont, CP L-1219, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT179128
Wentworth Sons Claims S.à r.l.

6, Rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT175597
Wentworth Sons Equity Claims S.à r.l.

6, Rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT179878
Wentworth Sons Future Claims S.à r.l.

6, Rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT179340
Wentworth Sons Senior Claims S.à r.l.

6, Rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT179351
Wentworth Sons Sub-Debt S.à r.l.

6, Rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT210388
Weser Funding S.A.

6D, Route de Trèves, CP L-2633, Senningerberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT212749
Westeros Credit I

74, Grand-Rue, CP L-1660, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT213066
WFG Holding S.A.

1, rue Jean-Pierre Brasseur, CP L-1258, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT107557
WHITEHALL STREET INTERNATIONAL REPIA FUND 2005, S.à r.l.

2, Rue du Fossé, CP L-1536, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT214410
Wickham S.A.

46a, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT115607
WILLCOX INVESTMENTS S.A.

10, Rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT000033
WILLOW NO. 1 (LUXEMBOURG) S.A.

6D, route de Trêves, CP L-2633, Senningerberg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT215191
Windward Diversified Investments S.A.

51, avenue John F. Kennedy, CP L-1855, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT146020
Win Securitisation II

5, rue Pierre d'Aspelt, CP L-1142, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT168241
Wire Capital Partners

283, Route d'Arlon, CP L-8011, Strassen

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT185188
WIR Finanzierer S.A.

52-54, avenue du X Septembre, CP L-2550, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT203613
WMC Securitisation 2 S.A.

1, rue des Glacis, CP , Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT207193
WMC Securitisation 3 S.A.

1, rue des Glacis, CP L-1628, LUXEMBURG

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT186290
WMC Securitisation S.A.

1, rue des Glacis, CP L-1628, LUXEMBOURG

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT112194
Worrus Holding S.à r.l.

69, rue de Hobscheid, CP L-8422, Steinfort

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT010029
Xantis Investments

75, Parc d'activités, CP L-8308, Capellen

LU0312309346LU0312309429LU0410131840LU0410132061



LUT118140
XILL S.A.

10, Rue Antoine Jans, CP L-1820, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT134070
Xuthus (European Loan Conduit N.29) S.A.

2-8, avenue Charles de Gaulle, CP L-1653, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT171938
XX ZW Investment Group S.A.

26-28, rue Edward Steichen, CP L-2540, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT202564
Yellow Assetco

6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-2453, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT168367
Yellow Horse S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT170240
Yukio S.A.

7, Rue Guillaume J. Kroll, CP L-1882, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT140688
Zetland S.A.

29, rue Alphonse Mènchen, CP L-2172, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT183709
Zeus Finance Leasing S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX



LUT140679
Zeus Recovery Fund S.A.

Vertigo Naos Building - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, CP L-1150, Luxembourg

XXXXXXXXXXXX





 

Back

 





Accessibility
Cookies policy
Disclaimer
Site map
Links
Contact us


© Banco de España 


Classic version


Mobile version










            Mexico | Fastenal
        










































Products







                Account
            




                    Store
                




                    Cart
                
















Catalogs


Rebates & Flyers


Services & Resources


Careers


Feedback


Help







Search





















Products
Browse

Products





                            Product Categories
                        



                                    View All Products
                                



                                            Cutting Tools & Metalworking
                                    



                                            Fasteners
                                    



                                            Safety
                                    



                                            Material Handling, Storage, & Packaging
                                    



                                            Power Transmission & Motors
                                    



                                            Tools & Equipment
                                    



                                            Abrasives
                                    



                                            Electrical
                                    



                                            Plumbing
                                    



                                            Hydraulics & Pneumatics
                                    



                                            Welding
                                    



                                            Fleet & Automotive
                                    



                                            Lifting and Rigging
                                    



                                            Hardware
                                    



                                            Raw Materials
                                    



                                            HVAC
                                    



                                            Office Products & Furniture
                                    



                                            Janitorial
                                    



                                            Chemicals & Paints
                                    



                                            Lighting
                                    





                            Promotions & Special Interests
                        



                                            Green Items
                                    



                                            Vending Certified
                                    



                                            Custom Logo
                                    



                                            Mfg in the U.S.A.
                                    



                                            Supplier Diversity Items
                                    



                                            Trade Agreement Act
                                    



                                            Clearance Items
                                    



                                            U.S. Sale Items
                                    





                                Other Products
                            



                                        Fastenal Gear
                                    



                                        Fastenal Vehicles
                                    













My Account

                                
                                    
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                            
                                        
                                    
                                
                                
                                    Sign In or Register
                                
                                
                                
                            

Account









            Username:
        






            Password:
        







            Keep me signed in (Uncheck when using a shared computer)
        



        or

        
        
            Register
        


        
        

        Forgot your username or password?
    









My Store

Find a Store

Store






                            Find a Store
                        



You do not have a local store selected.








My Cart
Items(0)

Cart





                    Your shopping cart is empty.
                




Browse Products
Add Order Template
Fast Order Pad









Menu
















                                Home
                             > 
    
    Mexico

                        




Mexico

 



International Sales - Mexico




 




With years of experience in providing high quality products and exceptional customer support, Fastenal Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. is your first choice for fasteners and industrial supplies.
We have the personal experience, capital resources, and technological solutions to help you manage not only your supplies but your supply chain as well, in a manner that helps your company lower the total cost of ownership for Class C materials. How do we do this?

A responsive global supply chain network
Industry leading vendor managed inventory systems to reduce your costs of ownership and increase your core productivity
Sophisticated practices for supplier consolidation and process improvement
Local inventory and local personnel to provide you with timely and focused product management support
Specialty manufacturing capabilities to meet your specific needs and further reduce the need for managing additional vendors

To learn more about how Fastenal can help you with industry-leading solutions, contact salesmexico@fastenal.com.
Can't find the store you are looking for? Try the store locator.



4 Code5 CodeAddressCityStatePostalCountryPhone



{{store4Code}}
{{store5Code}}
{{address1}}
{{city}}
{{stateAbbreviation}}
{{postal}}
{{countryAbbreviation}}
{{phone}}







Expand All
Collapse All













Customer Service


Catalogs


Contact Us


Help & Support


Feedback


International Requests


Request Information


Store Locator




Company Information


About Us


Careers


Investor Relations


Legal Information


Social Responsibility


Vehicles for Sale




Marketing Information


Fastenal Branding


Marketing Partners


Press Room




Associated Websites


Av-Tech Industries


BK5K


Cardinal Fastener


Fastenal Gear


Fastenal Racing


Holo-Krome





Stay Connected










Email Exclusives


                        Sign up to receive special offers and promotions from Fastenal.
                        









WE ARE WHERE YOU ARE.


                    English
                 |
                
                    Français
                


                Need Emergency Service? Call 877-507-7555
                

                
            Copyright © 2017 Fastenal Company. All Rights Reserved.
            

























		09-10023 - Lyondell Chemical Company and Millennium Custodial Trust
	












About GPO
	 
	| 
	  
	Newsroom/Media
	 
	| 
	 
	Congressional Relations
	 
	| 
	 
	Inspector General
	 
	| 
	 
	Careers
	 
	| 
	 
	Contact
	 
	| 
	 
	askGPO
	 
	| 
 
Help
 	

 

Home
 
| 
 
Customers
 
| 
 
Vendors
 
| 
 
Libraries
 







 		FDsys: GPO's Federal Digital System
 	




    	About FDsys
    



 		Search Government Publications
 	



 		Browse Government Publications
 	



 		FDsys Tutorials and Webinars
 	





 


FDsys >


		
	
	More Information 







                                            Search Government Publications
                                        

                                            (Search string is required)
                                        


Advanced Search
Retrieve by Citation
Help






 














 



 








                Actions
            



Browse United States Courts Opinions



                		    More Information about United States Courts Opinions
                		



                			View in Catalog of U.S. Government Publications
                		



                			Find at a local Federal depository library
                		



                            Email a link to this page
                        





 

09-10023 - Lyondell Chemical Company and Millennium Custodial Trust



            Download Files
        



                                        Descriptive Metadata
                                    MODS



                                        Authenticity Metadata
                                    PREMIS



                                            All Format & Metadata Files
                                        ZIP file




            Metadata
        


CategoryJudicial Publications


CollectionUnited States Courts Opinions


SuDoc Class NumberJU 14.15


Court TypeBankruptcy


Court NameUnited States Bankruptcy Court Southern District of New York


Circuit2nd


Office LocationManhattan


Party NamesCadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP, AttorneyLawrence Bass, AttorneyVedder Price P.C., AttorneyThomas L. Hunt, AttorneyKeavin D McDonald, AttorneyIsaac M Pachulski, AttorneyMenter, Rudin & Trivelpiece, P.C., AttorneyHodgson Russ LLP, AttorneyWomble Carlyle Sandridge & Rice, PLLC, AttorneyWhiteford, Taylor & Preston LLP, AttorneyLeonard Harvey Simon, AttorneyStroock & Stroock & Lavan LLP, AttorneyJones Day, AttorneyBenesch, Friedlander, Coplan & Aronoff, LLP, AttorneyHangley Aronchick Segal & Pudlin, AttorneyPorzio, Bromberg & Newman, PC, AttorneyAnderson Kill & Olick, P.C., AttorneyKelley Drye & Warren LLP, AttorneyJames D. Wareham, AttorneyIgor V. Timofeyev, AttorneyChristina Skubic, AttorneyHeard Robins Cloud & Black, LLP, AttorneyCascino Vaughn Law Offices, AttorneyKatharine Byrne, AttorneyWeil Gotshal & Manges LLP, AttorneyDavidoff Malito & Hutcher LLP, AttorneyCooney & Conway, AttorneyEpiq Bankruptcy Solutions, LLC Claims Agent, Claims and Noticing AgentAlixPartners, LLP, Claims and Noticing AgentWilliam Patterson, Cred. Comm. ChairHercules Incorporated, CreditorAshland, Inc., CreditorMerrill Lynch Capital Corporation, CreditorDZ Bank AG, CreditorGeneral Electric Railcar Services Corporation, CreditorHarris County, CreditorLiberty County, CreditorMatagorda County, CreditorFMC Corporation, CreditorBaker Petrolite Corporation, CreditorGoldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC, CreditorLinde Gas, Inc., Linde Gas, LLC and Linde Gas North America LLC, CreditorARCO Midcon LLC, CreditorThe CIT Group/Equipment Financing, Inc., CreditorCiba Corporation, f/k/a Ciba Specialty Chemicals Corporation, CreditorBASF Corporation, CreditorUnited Steel, Paper and Forestry, Rubber, Manufacturing, Energy, Allied Industrial and Service Workers, International Union (USW), AFL-CIO, CreditorThe Dow Chemical Company, CreditorPearland Independent School District, CreditorPasadena Independent School District, CreditorAir Products and Chemicals, Inc., CreditorUnion Tank Car Company, CreditorInterstate Power and Light Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alliant Energy Corporation, CreditorMid-America Pipeline Company, LLC, CreditorPPG Industries, Inc., CreditorFord Motor Company, CreditorPension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, CreditorConstellation NewEnergy, Inc., CreditorReliant Energy Services, Inc. and Reliant Energy Power Supply, LLC, CreditorShell Chemical LP, CreditorEnergyCo, LLC and Altura Cogen, LLC, CreditorCalpine Corporation and Channel Energy Center, L.P., CreditorEnterprise Products Operating, L.L.C., CreditorTexas Comptroller of Public Accounts, CreditorRefugio County, CreditorSan Patricio County, CreditorVictoria County, CreditorNueces County, Creditoralloy polymers,Inc & affiliates, CreditorSAP America, Inc., CreditorNorfolk Southern Corporation, CreditorTricon Energy, CreditorCampus Investors Office B, L.P., CreditorState of Ohio ex rel. Richard Cordray, Ohio Attorney General, CreditorPro-Inspect, Inc., CreditorLinde Gas North America, LLC, CreditorDCP NGL Services, LLC, CreditorVopak North America, Inc., CreditorHD Supply, Inc., CreditorAirgas, Inc., CreditorLAG Methanol Corporation, CreditorThe Bank of New York as Indenture Trustee, CreditorFriendswood Consolidated Tax Office, CreditorLinde, Inc., CreditorChemTrade Refinery Services, Inc., CreditorIntercontinental Terminals Company, LLC, CreditorSheldon Independent School District, CreditorAdvance, CreditorVerizon Enterprise Solutions Group, CreditorVerizon Business Global LLC, CreditorEMCO Chemical Distributors, Inc., CreditorBrazoria County Tax Office, CreditorMotion Industries, Inc., CreditorWestlake Chemical Corporation, CreditorThe National Titanium Dioxide Company Ltd, CreditorCharles Graham and Mario Portela, CreditorSuez-DEGS of Tuscola, LLC, CreditorDuke Energy Ohio, Inc., CreditorThe Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company, CreditorPublic Service Electric & Gas Company, CreditorCanadian National Railway Corporation, CreditorReliant Energy Retail Services, LLC, CreditorSafeco Insurance Company of America, CreditorGE Betz, Inc., CreditorARCADIS U.S., Inc., CreditorTexican Industrial Energy Marketing, CreditorWharton County Electric Cooperative, Inc., CreditorJEA, CreditorUBS AG, Stamford Branch, CreditorRefinery Terminal Fire Company, CreditorJPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., CreditorOccidental Chemical Corporation, CreditorWilson Supply, CreditorAccess Industries Holdings, LLC, CreditorPraxair, Inc., CreditorTexas Petrochemicals LP, CreditorBullen Pump, Inc., CreditorPuffer-Sweiven LP, CreditorExxon Mobil Natural Gas Company, CreditorExxon Mobil Chemical Company, CreditorExxon Mobil Corporation, CreditorExxon Mobil Catalyst Technologies LLC, CreditorExxon Mobil Oil Corporation, CreditorAustin Industrial Services, LP, CreditorAustin Industrial, Inc., CreditorChevron Phillips Chemical Company, CreditorARCO Midcon LLC, Atlantic Richfield Company, BP Amoco Chemical Company, BP Energy Company, BP Products North America, Inc. and INEOS USA, LLC, CreditorBuckeye Gulf Coast Pipelines, LP, CreditorTexas Sampling, Inc., CreditorShrieve Chemical Company, CreditorWilson-Mohr Inc., CreditorH&S Constructors, Inc., CreditorAcuren Inspection, Inc., CreditorADA Resources, Inc., CreditorCurtiss-Wright Corporation, CreditorS&C Electric Company, CreditorPraxair Distribution, Inc., CreditorFilter Resources, Inc., CreditorSud-Chemie Inc., CreditorMillennium Inorganic Chemicals, Inc., CreditorMeadWestvaco Corporation, CreditorWestchester Fire Insurance Company and ACE USA, CreditorHuntsman Petrochemical Corp., CreditorSovereign Drilling, Ltd., CreditorCrescent Electric Supply Company, CreditorU.S. Metals, Inc., CreditorKey Controls of Tampa, Inc., CreditorRailWorks Track Systems- Texas, Inc., CreditorPlant Performance Services LLC, CreditorProtect Controls, Inc., CreditorCommand and Control Environments, Inc., CreditorTyco Thermal Controls LP, CreditorLamons Gasket Company, CreditorConnect Energy Services, LLC, CreditorAltech Inspections, Inc., CreditorJ.V. Industrial Companies, Ltd., CreditorDallas County, CreditorOhmstede Industrial Services, Inc., CreditorCity of Mansfield, CreditorThe Shaw Group, Inc. and Certain of Its Affiliates, CreditorPolk County, CreditorHouston Independent School District, CreditorGalveston County, CreditorKinder Morgan Liquid Terminals LLC, CreditorKinder Morgan Petcoke, LP, CreditorBrand Energy Infrastructure Services, Inc., CreditorCastor Americas, Inc., CreditorHach Excavating & Demolition, Inc., CreditorSunoco, Inc., CreditorAeropres Corporation, CreditorLewisville Independent School District, CreditorDELL MARKETING, L.P., CreditorOiltanking Houston, L.P., CreditorDelta Petroleum Company, Inc., CreditorGreif, Inc., CreditorSolutia Inc., CreditorGulf Coast Waste Disposal Authority, CreditorPC&E, Inc., CreditorWacker Chemical Corporation, CreditorMitsui Rail Capital LLC, CreditorVan Leer Mexicana, S.A. de C.V., CreditorGreif Packaging France, CreditorGreif Sweden Holding AB, CreditorGreif Packaging Spain SA, CreditorGreif France Holdings, CreditorGreif Packaging Spain Holdings S.L., CreditorGreif International Holding B.V., CreditorGreif Spain Holdings Sociedad Limitada, CreditorOhio Packaging LLC, CreditorCorrchoice, Inc., CreditorSouth Hampton Resources, Inc., CreditorVopak Terminal Deer Park Inc., CreditorVopak Logistic Services USA, Inc., CreditorTurner Industries Group, LLC, CreditorAir Liquide Large Industries U.S. LP, CreditorJackson Energy Authority, CreditorRefinery Terminal Fire Company, J.V. Industrial Companies, Ltd., All Tech Inspctions, Inc., DCP Midstream, LLC, Ravego Holdings America, Inc. and Clariant Corporation, CreditorBASF Corporation, Constellation New Energy, Inc., International Paper, Energy Co., LLC, Reliant Energy Services, Inc., Altura Cogen, LLC, Wharton County Electric Cooperative,, CreditorHertz Equipment Rental Corporation, CreditorDCP Midstream, LLC, CreditorMarcus A. Watson, Chapter 7 Trustee for Atlantis Plastics, Inc. et al., CreditorFidelity and Deposit Company of Maryland and Zurich American Insurance Company, CreditorWestchester Fire Insurance Company, CreditorUtility Centre Maaslakte Leftbank B.V., CreditorWestern Oilfields Supply Co., d/b/a Rain for Rent, CreditorKonica Minolta Business Solutions U.S.A., Inc., CreditorUnited States Of America, CreditorLabVantage Solutions, Inc., CreditorBay Area Industrial Contractors, Ltd., CreditorValvTechnologies, Inc., CreditorOracle USA, Inc., CreditorHess Energy Trading Company LLC, CreditorHess Energy Services Company, LLC, CreditorHess Corporation, CreditorMorgan Stanley Capital Group Inc., CreditorElliott International, L.P., CreditorThe Liverpool Limited Partnership, CreditorCokinos Natural Gas Company, CreditorTidal Powers Services, LLC, CreditorAd Hoc Group of Senior Secured Lenders, CreditorCemex Construction Materials South, LLC, CreditorOlsen & Guerra Lumber Company, CreditorMansfield ISD, CreditorThe Crane Accident Victims, CreditorCITGO Petroleum Corporation, CreditorCroda, Inc., CreditorTrinity Railcar Repair, Inc., CreditorTrinity Industries Leasing Company, CreditorHunton Trane Services, CreditorTricon Energy, Ltd., CreditorPSC, LLC, CreditorHi-Tech Electric, Inc., CreditorHouston Pipe Line Company LP, CreditorETC Marketing, Ltd., CreditorAnadarko Energy Services Company, CreditorPMI Trading, Ltd., CreditorGraybar Electric Company, Inc., CreditorACE American Insurance Company, CreditorRepublic Environmental Systems, (Pa), LLC, CreditorChemical Reclamation Services, LLC, CreditorPhilip Reclamation Services, Houston, LLC, CreditorPSC Industrial Outsourcing, LP, CreditorCharles Phillipone, CreditorMichele, as adm. Mazauskas, CreditorMichele Mazauskas, CreditorJames Bass, CreditorAlfred Frezzo, CreditorLarry McKoy, CreditorCatherine McKoy, CreditorClarence Stewart, CreditorElizabeth Phillipone, CreditorGloria Frezzo, CreditorAbraham Perez, CreditorEctor CAD, CreditorCoastal Chemical Co., LLC, CreditorBrenntag Great Lakes, LLC, CreditorBrenntag Mid-South, Inc., CreditorBrenntag Southwest, Inc., CreditorBrenntag North America, Inc., CreditorPlastic Omnium Auto Exterior, LLC and Plastic Omnium Autoexteriores S.A. de C.V., CreditorMitsubishi Corporation, CreditorMitsubishi International Corporation, CreditorGoulds Pumps, Inc., CreditorGoulds Pumps PA, Inc., CreditorITT Water Technology (TX) LP, CreditorITT Monitoring & Control, Inc., CreditorITT Corporation, CreditorElgin, Joliet & Eastern Railway Company, CreditorRyan, Inc., CreditorThe Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, CreditorWebb, Murray & Associates, Inc., CreditorPennsylvania Department of Revenue, CreditorGE Energy and GE Water, CreditorPANTON MASTER FUND, LP, CreditorPerformance Contractors, Inc., CreditorTiger Tower Services, LLC, CreditorDiamond Refractory Services, L.P., CreditorGajeske Incorporated, CreditorM&I Electric Industries, Inc., CreditorWHM Custom Services, Inc., CreditorIMTT-Lemont, CreditorTotal Safety USA, Inc., CreditorBrask, Inc., CreditorIngenia Polymers Corp., CreditorIngenia Polymers, Inc., CreditorGoose Creek Consolidated ISD and Lee College District, CreditorSGS North America, Inc., CreditorLR2 MANAGEMENT K/S, d/b/a THE LR2 POOL, CreditorBeeline.com, Inc. and Modis, Inc., CreditorMarvin Jonas Transfer Station c/o Ballard Spahr Andrews & Ingersoll, CreditorJackson County, CreditorCity of Texas City, CreditorCity of Pearland, CreditorOrange County, CreditorMontgomery County, CreditorPalacios ISD, CreditorFarrel Corporation, CreditorSouth Texas Valve and Controls, CreditorEXEL, INC., SUCCESSOR IN INTEREST TO SEAPAC, INC., CreditorAlloy Polymers Orange LLC, CreditorAlloy Polymers Texas, LP, CreditorAlloy Polymers, Inc., CreditorBMW Constructors, Inc., CreditorC.F. McDonald Electric, Inc. d/b/a McDonald Electric, CreditorSmall Tube Mfg LLC, CreditorJohn H. Carter Company, Inc., CreditorINX, Inc., CreditorZepplin Systems USA, Inc., CreditorMissouri Department of Revenue, CreditorWharton County, CreditorSierra Liquidity Fund, CreditorTruth Chemical, CreditorMobley Industrial Services, Inc., CreditorAlfieri-230 Half Mile Road Associates, CreditorTennessee Department of Revenue, CreditorOccidental Chemical Holding Corporation, CreditorTurner Specialty Services, CreditorTurner Specialty Services, LLC, CreditorOSG Ship Management, Inc., CreditorBriggs Equipment, Inc., CreditorInternational Paper, CreditorPraxair Distribution Mid-Atlantic, LLC, CreditorNalco Company, CreditorCity of Houston, CreditorKBC Advanced Technologies, Inc., CreditorGreif Packaging LLC, CreditorCytec Industries Inc., CreditorOhmstede Industrial Services Inc., CreditorOhmstede Ltd., CreditorState Of Michigan, Department Of Treasury, CreditorFryoux Tankerman Service of Texas, Inc., CreditorVertellus Health & Specialty Products LLC, CreditorOliver Equipment Company, Inc., CreditorWaldron Engineering & Construction, Inc., CreditorTeval Corporation, CreditorFair Harbor Capital, LLC, CreditorSNC - Lavalin Engineers & Constructors, Inc., CreditorTNT Crane & Rigging, Inc., CreditorState of New York, CreditorMSI Technology LLC, CreditorLiberty Mutual Insurance Company, CreditorIron Mountain Information Management, Inc., CreditorHD Supply Waterworks, LTD.,, CreditorReliasource, Inc., d/b/a Charlie's Plumbing, CreditorCAM Environmental Services Co., CreditorFar West Capital, CreditorTsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. and certain of its affiliates, CreditorSuperfund Section of the North Carolina Division of Waste Management, CreditorSynthomer Limited, CreditorArch Chemicals Inc., CreditorSouthern Ionics Incorporated, CreditorM.D. Magary Construction Company, CreditorAkzo Nobel Polymers Chemicals LLC, CreditorThorp Petroleum Corporation, CreditorProcess Consulting Services Inc, CreditorSimplexGrinnell LP, CreditorThe Seaport Group LLC, CreditorBibby Pool Partner Limited, CreditorBibby Transport Limited, CreditorIneos Olefins & Polymers USA, CreditorTarga Midstream Services Limited Partnership, CreditorLDH Energy Mont Belvieu L.P., CreditorSeaway Crude Pipeline Company, CreditorCertified Safety Specialists, L.L.C., CreditorBIT Holdings Forty-Six, Inc., CreditorNew York State Department of Taxation and Finance, CreditorCatalyst Services, Inc., CreditorWells Fargo Equipment Finance, Inc., CreditorCalifornia Regional Water Quality Control Board, CreditorState Water Resources Control Board, CreditorSusan A. Millstone, CreditorGene Allspach, CreditorRandy Woelfel, CreditorOptim Energy Altura Cogen, LLC, f/k/a Altura Cogen, LLC, CreditorRegenia Jahnke, CreditorMicrosoft Corporation and Microsoft Licensing, GP, CreditorAkzo Nobel Paints LLC, CreditorPCI Air Management Partners LLC, CreditorZachry Construction Company, CreditorPasadena Tank Corporation, CreditorJoseph Clissa, CreditorJack Oppasser, CreditorAmerican Commercial Lines, LLC, CreditorCalifornia Dept. of Toxic Substances Control, CreditorArgo Partners, CreditorGeneral Electric Capital Corporation and NMHG Financial Services, Inc., CreditorMalone Cooperating Parties Group, CreditorPort of Houston Authority, CreditorShaw Global Energy Services, Inc., CreditorShaw Maintenance, Inc., CreditorGrundy County Collector, CreditorOakland County Treasurer, CreditorTexas Taxing Authorities, CreditorRoute 21 Associates of Belleville, LLC, CreditorFLTG, Inc., CreditorLower Passaic River Study Area Cooperating Parties Group, CreditorLWD PRP Group, CreditorMallinckrodt, Inc., CreditorDial Corporation, CreditorThe MDI Site Joint Defense Group, CreditorNon-Public Third-Party Joint Defense Group, CreditorUBS Securities LLC, CreditorScott Miller, CreditorFrederick Royster, CreditorDell Financial Services L.L.C., CreditorCertain Teed Corp., CreditorArkema, Inc., CreditorE.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, Du Pont Feedstocks Company, and PD Glycol LP, CreditorWinterhur Insurance Company (UK) Limited nka XL Insurance Company, Ltd., CreditorPetroLogistics Olefins, LLC, CreditorLiquidity Solutions, Inc., CreditorHain Capital Group, LLC, CreditorThe Eads Company, CreditorRiverside Claims LLC, CreditorUS Debt Recovery III, LP, CreditorUS Debt Recovery IV, LLC, CreditorWyatt Field Services Company, CreditorAker Plant Services Group Inc., CreditorCrest Foam Industries Incorporated, CreditorAaron and Tisha Palms, CreditorUnion Pacific Railroad Company, CreditorThe American Insurance Company, CreditorInterstate Fire & Casualty Company, CreditorChartis Insurance, CreditorSeaton Insurance Company, CreditorGovernment Employees Insurance Company, CreditorRepublic Insurance Company, CreditorOneBeacon America Insurance Company, f/k/a Commercial Union Insurance Company, CreditorAd Hoc Committee of Bridge Loan Claimants, CreditorCorre Opportunities Fund, L.P., CreditorRussell S. Young, CreditorJohn P. Yoars, CreditorRichard W. Park, CreditorWilliam E. Haynes, CreditorINEOS USA LLC, CreditorMMR Constructors, Inc., CreditorClaimants Represented by Williams Kherkher Hart Boundas, LLP, CreditorASM Capital, L.P., CreditorFisher Scientific Company, CreditorWesley Merritt Hurley Jr., CreditorGeorge Bishop, CreditorSamuel V Rios, CreditorJonathan Lee Riches, d/b/a/ Bernard Madoff, CreditorNorthville Product Services, L.P., CreditorASM Capital III, L.P., CreditorHewitt Associates LLC, CreditorTata America International d/b/a TCS America, CreditorThe Century Companies, CreditorThe ACE Companies, CreditorCentury Indemnity Company and Pacific Employers Insurance Company, CreditorDirect Action Urethanes Claimants, CreditorAT&T Corp., CreditorContinental Casualty Company, CreditorSumitomo Chemical Co., Ltd. and Nihon Oxirane Co., Ltd, CreditorMustang Engineers & Constructors, L.P., CreditorPitney Bowes Global Financial Services LLC, CreditorBolten Claimants, CreditorPioneer Funding Group, LLC, CreditorTrans Pacific Chemical Corp., CreditorPrimeshares, CreditorAdell Compounding, Inc., CreditorFCOF II UB Securities LLC, CreditorOptim Energy Altura Cogen, LLC, f/k/a Altura Cogen, LLC and Optim Energy Marketing, LLC, CreditorMDI Site Joint Defense Group, CreditorOrion Marine Group, Inc., CreditorTarrant County, CreditorOhio Department of Taxation, CreditorMassachusetts Department Of Revenue, CreditorMy Sister's Place, Inc., CreditorGeorgia Department of Revenue, CreditorZurich American Insurance Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates, as their interests may appear, CreditorGilbert Cruz, CreditorTennessee Department of Labor and Workforce Development-Bureau of Unemployment Insurance, CreditorWells Fargo Bank Northwest, N.A., CreditorCellco Partnership d/b/a Verizon Wireless, CreditorMicro Motion, Inc, CreditorFarris Engineering Services, a Division of Curtiss-Wright Flow Control Corp., CreditorOdfjell Terminals L.P., CreditorVorys, Sater, Seymour and Pease LLP, CreditorMartin Operating Limited Partnership, L.P., CreditorGeneral Motors LLC, CreditorWolff & Samson, CreditorToyota Motor Credit Corporation, CreditorRosemount Tank Gauging NA Inc., CreditorSchneider Electric USA, CreditorICC Chemical Corporation, CreditorThe Royal Bank of Scotland, N.V., CreditorDayton Independent School District, CreditorAlan S. Bigman, CreditorOfficial Committee of Unsecured Creditors, Creditor CommitteeLyondell Chemical Company, DebtorMillennium Holdings, LLC, DebtorMillennium Custodial Trust, DebtorTecCorr USA, LLC d/b/a TechCorr Inspection & Engineering, DefendantCameron International Corporation, DefendantCameron International Corporation d/b/a Cameron Compression Systems, DefendantPeabody Engineering Corp. n/k/a Hamworthy Peabody Combustion, Inc., DefendantIndividual 7, DefendantJack F. Williams of BDO Seidman, LLP as Examiner, ExaminerApollo Global Management, LLC, Interested PartyAccess Industries, Inc., Interested PartyEntergy Gulf States Louisiana, L.L.C. and Entergy Texas, Inc., Interested PartyAres Management, Interested PartyBayerische Landesbank, Interested PartyDZ Bank AG, Interested PartyHighland Capital Management LP, Interested PartyKohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co, Interested PartyW.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.L.C., Interested PartySilver Point Capital, Interested PartyWestern Asset Management Company, Interested PartyApollo Management VII, L.P., et al., Interested PartyCitibank, N.A., Interested PartyMerrill Lynch Commodities, Inc., Interested PartyCitibank International, plc, Interested PartyManchester Securities Corp., Interested PartySpringfield Associates, LLC, Interested PartyKensington International Limited, Interested PartyHoneywell International, Interested PartyABN-AMRO Bank N.V., Interested PartyAgilent Technologies, Inc., Interested PartyAltura Cogen, LLC, Interested PartyGIM Channelview Cogeneration, LLC and GIM Retail Energy, LLC, Interested PartyVeolia ES Industrial Services, Inc., Interested PartyVeolia ES Technical Solutions, L.L.C., Interested PartyTetra Process Services, L.C., Interested PartyVeolia Water North America - South, LLC, Interested PartyVeolia Water North America Operating Services, LLC, Interested PartyGATX Corporation, Interested PartyGIM Channelview Cogeneration, LLC, Interested PartyClimax Molybdenum Marketing Corporation, Interested PartyAstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals, LP, Interested PartyWilmington Trust Company, Interested PartyUnion Carbide Corporation, Interested PartyRailroad Commission of Texas, Interested PartyTexas Department of State Health Services, Interested PartyTexas Commission on Environmental Quality, Interested PartyPerkins Coie LLP, Interested PartyLiberty Surplus Insurance Company, Interested PartyEnpro Industries, Inc., Interested PartyBond, Schoeneck & King, PLLC, Interested PartyAscend Performance Materials, LLC, Interested PartyHarold A. and Ann R. Sorgenti, Interested PartyThe Bank of New York Mellon, former indeture trustee for the 2015 Notes, Interested PartyAmerican International Specialty Lines Insurance Company, Interested PartyNational Union Fire Insurance Company, Interested PartyState of New Jersey, Department of Environmental Protection, Interested PartySKS OBO Limited, Interested PartyLyondell D&O Defendants, Interested PartyToyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America, Inc., Interested PartySchumann/Steier, Inc., Interested PartyNynas USA, Inc., Interested PartyMcKinsey & Company Inc. United States, Interested PartyKIK Custom Products Inc, Interested PartyMutual Marine Office, Inc., as managing general agent and attorney-in-fact for Employers Mutual Casualty Company, Interested PartyArkansas Department of Environmental Quality ("ADEQ"), Interested PartyEverest Reinsurance Company, f/k/a Prudential Reinsurance Company, Interested PartyMt. McKinley Insurance Company, f/k/a Gibraltar Casualty Company, Interested PartyFireman's Fund Insurance Company of Ohio, Interested PartyFireman's Fund Insurance Company, Interested PartyAd Hoc Committee of Bridge Loan Claimants, Interested PartyAspen Technology, Inc., Interested PartyAres Management LLC, Interested PartyTRC OPTIMUM FUND LLC, Interested PartyGeorgia-Pacific Chemicals LLC, Interested PartyLongacre Opportunity Fund, L.P., Interested PartySonoma Trust II, Interested PartyLongacre Institutional Opportunity Fund, L.P., Interested PartyBuilders Electric Corp., Interested PartyCertain Underwriters at Lloyd's London and Certain London Market Insurance Companies (Swiss Union Insurance Company, World Auxiliary Insurance Corp. Ltd. and Victory Insurance Co. Ltd.), Interested PartyDover Master Fund II, L.P., c/o Longacre Management, LLC, Interested PartyMyron Trepper, MediatorEvercore Group L.L.C., Other Prof.AP Services, LLC, Other Prof.Louis Battista, RespondentLeonard Berkowitz, RespondentCharles A. Strenk, Spec. CounselKelley Drye & Warren LLP, Spec. CounselGardere Wynne Sewell LLP, Spec. CounselMark L Carlton, Spec. CounselBaker Botts L.L.P., Spec. CounselCovington & Burling LLP, Spec. CounselMiller & Chevalier Chartered, Spec. CounselLaw Office of Mark L. Carlton, Spec. CounselSusman Godfrey LLP, Spec. CounselBlank Rome LLP, Spec. CounselWilmington Trust Company as Successor Indenture Trustee for the 2015 Notes, Sucessor TrusteeEuler Hermes ACI, TransfereeUnited States Trustee, U.S. TrusteeSuburban Propane, L.P., UnknownAppaloosa Management L.P., UnknownCimarex Energy Co., UnknownMorris Cogeneration, LLC, UnknownCelanese Corporation, UnknownJacobs Field Services North America, Inc., UnknownComputer Sciences Corporation, UnknownElgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway Company, UnknownCiba Corporation, f/k/a Ciba Specialty Chemicals Corporation, and Ciba Canada Ltd., UnknownAdrian S. Baer, UnknownRichard R. Thames, UnknownAnne Marie Kennelly, UnknownPQ Corporation, UnknownJacksonville Electric Authority, UnknownStolt Tank Containers B.V., UnknownStolthaven Houston, Inc., UnknownStolt Tankers B.V., UnknownStolt Nielsen USA Inc., UnknownArcadis U.S., Inc., UnknownShell Energy North America (US), L.P., UnknownTheodore E. Harman, UnknownR. Scott Alsterda, UnknownUngaretti & Harris LLP, UnknownRobert E. Clark, UnknownKing & Spalding LLP, UnknownWilliam H. Short Jr., UnknownDaniel P. Winikka, UnknownGreg Holland, UnknownGeorgia-Pacific LLC, UnknownMethanex Methanol Company, UnknownSiemens Demag Delaval Turbomachinery, Inc., UnknownTexas Steam and Instrumentation, UnknownThe Hurt Company, Inc., UnknownSuncor Energy Marketing, Inc., UnknownKubota Metal Corporation, UnknownAllen J. Barkin, UnknownBen A. Baring Jr., UnknownPaul H. Hentemann, UnknownERic D Winston, UnknownFarallon Capital Management, LLC, UnknownTrans Matic, Inc. and Today Cartage, Inc., UnknownMorris Nichols Arsht & Tunnell, UnknownSeal-Tech, Inc. & Environmental Assurance, LLC, UnknownMichael S. Holmes, UnknownScott, Douglass & McConnico, LLP, UnknownLaw Debenture Trust Company of New York, UnknownJohn Cabell Acree, UnknownDiamondback Works, L.P., UnknownWachovia Bank, National Association, UnknownColumbus Hill Overseas, Ltd. Columbus Hill Partners, L.P., UnknownHaynes and Boone, LLP, UnknownDUANE MORRIS LLP, UnknownAMN, Inc., UnknownChemtura Corporation, UnknownBigler Petrochemicals LP, UnknownLocke Lord Bissell & Liddell LLP, UnknownKoch Supply & Trading, Sarl, UnknownKoch Supply & Trading, LP, UnknownINVISTA S.a.r.l., UnknownFlint Hills Resources, LP, UnknownDeutsche Bank AG, London, UnknownDeutsche Asset Management (DeAM);, UnknownRiverport Railroad, LLC, UnknownFox Rothschild LLP, UnknownAdvanced Overhead Crane Services, Inc., UnknownAbelman Frayne Rezac & Schwab, UnknownU.S. Oil Refining Co., UnknownRagan Mechanical, Inc., UnknownAtradius Trade Credit Insurance, Inc., UnknownCooling Towers, LLC, d/b/a Cooling Towers of Texas, UnknownAlbemarle Corporation, UnknownConocoPhillips Company, UnknownBBB Tank Services, Inc., UnknownTakasago International Corporation (USA), UnknownFoley & Lardner LLP, UnknownSarah Chen, UnknownDechert LLP, UnknownKeith Rinehart, UnknownMilton and Dana Molbert, UnknownDonald Badaczewski, UnknownOptima Chemical Group LLC, UnknownSandy Weber, UnknownMiddlesex County Utilities Authority, UnknownRobert Burgess, UnknownH & S Constructors, Inc., UnknownG. Breuer, UnknownStarsupply, a Division of GFI Brokers LLC, UnknownCalifornia Public Entity Plaintiffs, UnknownAnthony D. Storz, UnknownBrandywine Operating Partnership, L.P., UnknownWhittington Insurance Services Limited, UnknownReliance National Insurance Company (Europe) Limited, UnknownClerk's Office of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court, S.D.N.Y., UnknownBorges & Associates, LLC, UnknownTexas Northwestern Railway Company, UnknownW.R. Grace & Co., UnknownHewlett-Packard Company, UnknownWholesale Electric Supply, UnknownAndrews Kurth LLP, UnknownS&B Engineers and Constructors, Ltd., UnknownHalleland Lewis Nilan & Johnson, UnknownCAT Tech LLC, UnknownClifford Chance LLP, UnknownFlorida Transformer, Inc., UnknownA Concerned Employee, UnknownNexant, Inc., UnknownCT, UnknownRopes & Gray LLP, UnknownUse Tax Department, UnknownCalcasieu Parish School Board, UnknownThe Bank of New York Mellon, UnknownBrock Services, Ltd., UnknownLeverageSource III, S.a.r.l., UnknownEpiq Bankruptcy Solutions, LLC, UnknownAlan S. Bigman, UnknownSquire, Sanders & Dempsey L.L.P., UnknownDSCH Capital Partners, LLC, UnknownBrock Specialty Services, Ltd., UnknownBMI Acquisitions Co., Inc., UnknownRussell S. Young, UnknownCertain Former Executives (B. Gittings, R. Park, J. Pendergraft and D. Starnes), UnknownSouthern Ionics Incorporated, UnknownBob G. Gower, UnknownRichard W. Park, UnknownDonald W. Wood, UnknownCharles E. Platz, UnknownEdwin Silverstone, UnknownRichard H. Linden, UnknownDonald A. Goodridge, UnknownC.J LeBlanc, UnknownDavid Koppeser, UnknownGreg Tawes, UnknownDavid I. Goldsworthy, UnknownClive Broadbent, UnknownJames L. Cobb, UnknownJohn Shaw, UnknownLeonard B. Halpern, UnknownHarry E. Beasley, UnknownEdward Zenzola, UnknownC. Bart de Jong and Edward J. Dineen, UnknownJohn W. McAuley, UnknownCharles J. Eckery, UnknownWilliam J. Noonan, UnknownRichard Gutierrez, Michael Hendricks, John McAuley, And Charles Platz, UnknownLouis S. Battista, UnknownAlan R. Hirsig, UnknownRobert Herzog, UnknownGerald J. Ennis, UnknownEdward L. Tucker, UnknownWalter M. Bromm, UnknownRonald Remick, UnknownDonald E. Proud, UnknownMichelle Balionis, UnknownDiana M. Braunstein, UnknownCharles E. Bonney, UnknownMichael G. Griffith, UnknownRobert H. Ise, UnknownJerry L. Loupee, UnknownDebbie Leroux, UnknownBrent Coon & Associates, UnknownWilliam A. Bowles, UnknownV.J. Marchesani, UnknownJack R. Kleiderlein, UnknownGraham T. Hassard, UnknownJohn E. Master, UnknownJohn Yoars, UnknownJohn G. Johnson, UnknownJames A. Buck, UnknownThomas H. Williams, UnknownRobert G. Sharp, UnknownJames J. Szydlo, UnknownThe State Water Resources Control Board through the California Office of the Attorney General, UnknownLos Angeles Region, UnknownCalifornia Regional Water Quality Control Board, UnknownStephen I. Chazen, UnknownMurphy, D; Phillips; Smith, D; Spivey, W Anderson, C; Bayer, J; Cadenhead, K; Carter, S; DeNicola, K; Engen, T; Fontenot, R; Galvin, K; Gelb, M; Halata, P; Hall, C; Hollinshead, J; Huff, D; Koehler, G; Lesar, D; McGrail, F; Meachin, D;, UnknownR. Michael Hendricks, UnknownPollly A. Synk, UnknownUnited States Courts For The Eastern And Western Districts Of michigan, UnknownState of Michigan, UnknownJefferies Leveraged Credit Products, LLC, UnknownHarris County, UnknownTexas Midstream Gas Services, L.L.C., UnknownHarris County Appraisal District, UnknownISP Environmental Services, Inc., UnknownIMTT-Bayonne, UnknownHexion Specialty Chemicals, Inc., UnknownBayonne Industries, Inc., UnknownSpectraserv Inc., UnknownNorpak Corp., UnknownSuperior MPM, LLC, UnknownEdward O. Moody, UnknownThe Stanley Works, UnknownGivaudan Fragrances Corporation, UnknownGivaudan Flavors Corporation, UnknownMaxus Energy Corporation and Tierra Solutions, Inc., UnknownWeyerhaeuser Company, UnknownAlan S. Golub, UnknownWalter J. Okray, UnknownJulie Baum, UnknownJohn Preston Baker, UnknownHamilton Beach Brands, Inc., UnknownInternal Revenue Service, UnknownSILVERMAN PERLSTEIN & ACAMPORA LLP, UnknownCalumet Lubricants Co., L.P., UnknownFulbright & Jaworski L.L.P., UnknownMarvin Jonas Transfer Station Respondents Group, UnknownLyondell Chemical Company, et al., UnknownSilverman Acampora LLP, UnknownLongacre Opportunity Fund, L.P., UnknownEmployers Insurance of Wausau, UnknownZvi Englander and Company, Ltd., UnknownPillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP, UnknownAurelius Capital Management, LP, UnknownCT Corporation, UnknownDeutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, UnknownRamanjit K. Chawla, UnknownShelley Hickey, UnknownInterested Party, UnknownCelanese Ltd., UnknownGibson, Dunn & Crutcher, LLP, UnknownChaffee County Treasurer, UnknownILCO Site Remediation Group, UnknownClaimants Represented by Provost Umphrey Law Firm, L.L.P., UnknownClaimants Represented by Reaud, Morgan & Quinn, UnknownClaimants Represented by Hissey Kientz, L. L.P., UnknownElihu Inselbuch, UnknownAPS Capital Corp., UnknownClaimants Represented by Baron & Budd, P.C., UnknownLelia V. Hill, UnknownGELCO Corporation d/b/a GE Capital Fleet Services, UnknownShalom L. Kohn, UnknownCalgon Carbon Corporation, UnknownBayer Corporation, Bayer AG and Certain Affiliates, UnknownAkzo Nobel Functional Chemicals BV, UnknownPNC Bank, National Association, UnknownClaimants Represented by Martzell & Bickford, UnknownSummer Gosserand, UnknownDaniel J. Gosserand, UnknownKarl R. Swartz, UnknownBDO Seidman LLP, UnknownRichard P. Langevin, UnknownJordan W. Siev, UnknownJennifer Toolan, UnknownLinda J. Young, UnknownRansom G. Michael, UnknownState of Hawaii Department of Taxation, UnknownEnviromental Associates, Inc, UnknownVirginia Department of Taxation, UnknownJoseph Romano, UnknownMarla Chandler, UnknownDynamic Flow Computers, UnknownJames L. Taylor, UnknownJohn D. Rice, UnknownGary M. Kaplan, UnknownHartford Accident and Indemnity Company, First State Insurance Company, Twin City Fire Insurance Company, and New England Insurance Company, UnknownLane & Waterman LLP, UnknownThompson Hine LLP, UnknownMichael Webber, UnknownFane Robert Murray, UnknownYRC Inc., f/k/a Yellow Transportation, Inc., UnknownAndrew Lee, UnknownJacobs & Crumplar, P.A., UnknownJorrissen Manuel, UnknownFrederick W. Boal, UnknownContents Recovery Experts, LLC, UnknownDesmond Patrick Keohane, UnknownDavid Gerald Turner, UnknownGeoffrey Michael Trench Turner, UnknownTony Hollister, UnknownEdward S. Weisfelner, UnknownReid And Riege, P.C, UnknownCrowley Petroleum Services, Inc., UnknownJames C. Lyons, UnknownCity of Pasadena, UnknownThe Royal Bank of Scotland plc, UnknownJoseph Wells, UnknownEdward S. Weisfelner as Trustee of the LB Litigation Trust, UnknownThe LB Litigation Trust, UnknownOhio Carpenters MidCap, UnknownDayton Independent School District, UnknownMike Fielder, UnknownMepco Inc., UnknownTecCorr USA, LLC d/b/a TechCorr Inspection & Engineering, UnknownEdward M. Maher, UnknownDavid C. Eddy, UnknownCreditor Representative, UnknownBaypo LP, UnknownBurl and Ruth Swafford, UnknownAmerican Refrigeration, UnknownNorth Carolina Department of Revenue, UnknownElla Parker, UnknownRussell Van Beustring, UnknownSharan Kalsi, UnknownC.A. Baldwin, UnknownAnn L. Baldwin, Unknown





                Document in Context
            


09-10023 - Lyondell Chemical Company and Millennium Custodial Trust

More





March 18, 2009


PDF | More





Bench Decision on Motion to Enforce the Automatic Stay and Relief from the Automatic Stay signed on 3/18/2009. (related document(s)412) (Blum, Helene)




April 10, 2009


PDF | More





Written Opinion: Decision and Order signed on 4/10/2009 on Motion of Bank of New York Mellon For Reargument of Court's Determination That The Arco And Equistar Noteholders Are Adequately Protected. (related document(s)1249) (Lopez, Mary)




September 9, 2009


PDF | More





Bench Decision signed on 9/9/2009 On Motion to Enforce and Clarify the Court's March 13, 2009 Order Authorizing the (I) Long-Term Idling of the Chocolate Bayou Olefins Facility; (II) Reduction of the Workforce at the Facility; and (III) Rejection of Certain Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases Related to the Facility . (related document(s)2168) (Blum, Helene)




October 27, 2009


PDF | More





Memorandum Regarding Debtors'Motion for Entry of an Order Authorizing the Termination of Certain Executive Benefits signed on 10/27/2009. (related document(s)2213) (Blum, Helene)




April 19, 2010


PDF | More





Bench Decision on Lyondell's Motion for Order Pursuant to Sections 105(a) and 505(a) of the Bankruptcy Code Setting Hearig to Determine Property Tax Liability with Respect to Oil Refinery signed on 4/19/2010. (related document(s)2827) (Blum, Helene)




January 4, 2011


PDF | More





Bench Decision On Debtors Objections, Under Bankruptcy Code Section 502(E)(1)(B), To PRP Environmental Contribution Claims signed on 1/4/2011. (Blum, Helene)




March 28, 2011


PDF | More





Bench Decision On Reorganized Debtors Motion For Order Enforcing Chapter 11 Plan With Respect to Lawsuit Brought by Highland Capital Management LP signed on 3/28/2011. (related document(s)4824) (Blum, Helene)




March 30, 2011


PDF | More





Bench Decision And Order On Request For Administrative Status, Pursuant To Bankruptcy Code Section 1114, For Private Annuity Contract (Regina Jahnke) signed on 3/30/2011. (Blum, Helene)











					 					
				
 

 







	    732 North Capitol Street, NW, Washington, DC 20401-0001 
	     
	     
	    202.512.1800
	     
	     



	

GitHub
	     
		| 
	     
Sitemap
	     
		| 
	     
	    Bulk Data
	     
		| 
	     
	    Privacy
	     
	    | 
	     
	    Accessibility

























