

Monteris BC Holdings, LLC SEC Filing Form D  4/2016, submited: 2016-10-18





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Monteris BC Holdings, LLC


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Monteris BC Holdings, LLC.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (2) | Filings (1) | Investment rounds (1)
Monteris BC Holdings, LLC SEC Filing Form D  4/2016, submited: 2016-10-18<< back to list of filingsForm DA filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) required for companies that are selling securities in reliance on a Regulation D exemption or Section 4(6) exemption provisions. 

Form D is a brief notice of a company's executive officers and stock promoters, in lieu of the regular reports required when no exemption under Regulation D exists. 

Form D must be filed no later than 15 days after the first sale of securities.

Form D is also known as the Notice of Sale of Securities and is a requirement under Regulation D, Section 4(6) and/or the Uniform Limited Offering Exemption of the Securities Exchange Act of 1933. 

This act, often referred to as the "truth in securities" law, requires that these registration forms, providing essential facts, are filed to disclose important information upon registration of a company's securities. This helps the SEC achieve the objectives of this act - requiring investors to receive significant information regarding securities offered and prohibiting fraud in the sale of the offered securities.



SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001687323




  
Corporation


  
Limited Partnership


X
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
Monteris BC Holdings, LLC
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
DELAWARE
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2014


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
Monteris BC Holdings, LLC

Street Address 1
Street Address 2


688 PINE STREET
SUITE 6D


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


BURLINGTON
VERMONT
05401
8029233080


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


McCormick
Richard


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


688 Pine Street
Suite 6D


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Burlington
VERMONT
05401



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Authorized Agent of Manager of Issuer


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Schuler
Jack
W.


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

28161 North Keith Drive

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Lake Forest
ILLINOIS
60045



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
LLC Manager
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


X
Investing


  
Investment Banking


  
Pooled Investment Fund







Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
  
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


X
Decline to Disclose
  
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




  
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


  
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2014-11-04

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


  
Yes
X
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









X
Equity
  
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$50,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

$24,500,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$24,500,000

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

$0

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
19


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


Monteris BC Holdings, LLC
David R. Gurtman
David R. Gurtman
Attorney in Fact for Richard McCormick
2016-10-18


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




Monteris BC Holdings, LLC Latest filings

Filing dateCompanyFormQuarterYear
 2016-10-18Monteris BC Holdings, LLCD42016view














View Monteris BC Holdings, LLC  4/2016 SEC Filing for free. A filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) required for companies that are selling securities in reliance on a Regulation D exemption or Section 4(6) exemption provisions. 

Form D is a brief notice of a company's executive officers and stock promoters, in lieu of the regular reports required when no exemption under Regulation D exists. 

Form D must be filed no later than 15 days after the first sale of securities.

Form D is also known as the Notice of Sale of Securities and is a requirement under Regulation D, Section 4(6) and/or the Uniform Limited Offering Exemption of the Securities Exchange Act of 1933. 

This act, often referred to as the "truth in securities" law, requires that these registration forms, providing essential facts, are filed to disclose important information upon registration of a company's securities. This helps the SEC achieve the objectives of this act - requiring investors to receive significant information regarding securities offered and prohibiting fraud in the sale of the offered securities. 


 
















 


 








Home - BC Holdings
















































 


















8:00am-6:00pm Monday to Friday

P.O. Box 1134 Hendersonville, TN

615-826-7861 askaquestion@bcholdingsllc.com

 











Search for:




 


















 


Search for:




 

8:00am-6:00pm Monday to Friday

P.O. Box 1134 Hendersonville, TN

615-826-7861 askaquestion@bcholdingsllc.com


















Home
Our Company


About Us
Leadership Team
Our Mission
Addressable Markets
Certifications
Community Involvement
Code of Ethics


Why BC Holdings


Business Case
Our Programs
Core Competencies
Solid Partners


Latest News


FinTips
Twitter
Facebook
Linkedin
Google+
Blog


Products and Services
Contact Us






Skip to content
Home
Our Company

About Us
Leadership Team
Our Mission
Addressable Markets
Certifications
Community Involvement
Code of Ethics


Why BC Holdings

Business Case
Our Programs
Core Competencies
Solid Partners


Latest News

FinTips
Twitter
Facebook
Linkedin
Google+
Blog


Products and Services
Contact Us
 




 







Industry Studies & Trends
US business trends in financial wellness education training have taken root in businesses and agencies. Moreover, according to SHRM, over 57% of all businesses provide impactful financial readiness training at the workplace. Financial stress, retirement unpreparedness (borrowing against retirement plans), productivity and performance declines significantly affect employee mission readiness. Financial literacy is the new face of productivity. Improving profits must include an unbiased financial readiness campaign centered around the employee’s financial health.










Investing In Financial Wellness & Education
Investing in financial education is fundamental to your business success and bottom-line profits. Connecting employees and students to financial readiness training programs empower them to become fiscally proficient and financially secure at the workplace, school and at home. Financial confidence and competence aids in the development and sustainability of a high performance workforce and student body. This investment pays lasting dividends to the company, employees, clients and its stakeholders.










Wealth & Health Wellness Correlation
Over 65% of companies and agencies check employee credit and scores as a factor to determine employability and promotability. One key element of obtaining/retaining security clearances is financial considerations. Employees with excessive indebtedness or delinquencies demonstrate questionable money management practices and may be at risk of obtaining clearances. When employees are financially challenged, mission-readiness is also threatened and challenged.





Our Mission
With espirit de corps and integrity, BCH accepts its purpose, responsibility and the trust placed in us to develop unbiased educational resources and programs while creating pathways that promote a global culture where everyone has the opportunity to become self-sufficient and financially independent by obtaining and enjoying balanced abundance.
Read More →



















About Us
It’s not what you make, but what you keep, save, invest and grow. These truths are the foundational pillars that BC Holdings has established as its unwavering principals of financial empowerment, lifestyle management and wealth building. BC Holdings is quickly becoming the foremost resource for true and balanced financial readiness and wellness in our workplace and collegiate addressable markets. 





Frequently Asked Questions



Is BCH a fiduciary?
No. BCH is an independent for profit financial education organization with a social enterprise and business to business model. There are no direct sales or transactions between BCH and the consumer, employee or student. All business transactions are between the organization and BCH. This structure gives us the freedom to deliver unbiased financial education and assist organizations, businesses, colleges and universities and government agencies in need of support. BCH information and training is for educational purposes only and should not be construed as investment advice. You should consult a qualified, licensed, investment professional for questions relative to investment or other fiduciary matters.



Do you have an on-line or web-based option?
Absolutely – In addition to BCH’s “Boots on the Ground” Action-based live workshops and seminars, BCH has a state of the art activity-based financial readiness and engagement platform called Destination Financial Wellness (DFW). Our financial readiness resource tools for financial planning carry you from cradle-to-college, college-to-work and work-through-retirement.



How do you measure the outcomes and effectiveness of financial readiness and wellness training?
BCH programs are evidenced-based and uses different models to determine the outcomes, effectiveness and ROI and ROT (time) of financial readiness training that are closely aligned with client expectations. But generally speaking, pre and post surveys, pre and post tests, assessments and course evaluations are standards tools used to measure program outcomes. Additionally, credit scores, debt reductions, retirement plans participation increases and retirement plan loan reductions, university default rate reductions and the amount student borrow are other ways success is measured with clients. Finally, three, six and twelve month surveys of the end user’s experience, progress report and feedback serve as tremendous indicators of the long-term value for employees or students. Undoubtedly, employee retention, performance/productivity, morale and stress at the workplace are key indicators that we monitor closely during our anonymous financial assessments.







Numbers that speak for themselves…


71




% of Americans Live Paycheck to Paycheck
 WSJ 2015


56




% of Americans have less than $1,000 in checking and savings combined
 Forbes Jan 2016


27.3




% of student loans in delinquency
 Federal Reserve June 2016











Why Choose Us?










Impactful


Our life-changing programs improve employee readiness, performance/effectiveness, bottom-line profits, and default rates.










Experienced


Our team has over 40 years of experience in financial education and employee empowerment.










Innovative


BC Holdings is on the leading edge of technology and uses the latest financial readiness E-Learning programs and tools designed to deliver impactful training around the globe.





Testimonials
Here’s what just some of our clients have said










TBC Holdings, LLC served as a valuable partner for CVS Caremark facilities, our facility production and our overall mission readiness. Clearly the business case for employee financial wellness programs is to enhance our personnel readiness.
Personnel readiness directly impacts employee performance. BC Holdings not only met this significant need for CVS Caremark, but far exceeded the expectations and outlined objectives we wanted to see from a total financial wellness partner.
— Reuben Hamilton Jr., Former Manager, Supplier Diversity/Strategic Sourcing & Procurement, CVS Caremark










The amount of our loan requests has decreased because students have a better understanding of why they don’t need to borrow more than what is needed for school; more students are paying their loans back on time which has had a direct impact on our loan default rate of 2-3%; more students are paying back their student loans before they graduate; more students are living the lifestyle of a student rather than a doctor (i.e., not buying expensive cars, purchasing property, etc.). We are excited about adding your new and extended services for our students. In addition, we will begin using your program as an important distinction and competitive edge in our marketplace for many years to come.
— Roxie E. Johnson, Assistant Treasurer MeHarry Medical College










As a CEO, you value your employees and their ability to be productive, focused and performance driven for our customers, stakeholders and company. Investing in our employees was central to our success at O’Charley’s Inc.(a national multiunit casual dining restaurant company). As one of our trusted partners, BC Holdings played a fundamental role in training our employees and had an impactful role in developing the amazing culture we strived to create throughout a company. Their attention to detail, training insight and unique understanding of people made our investment in their company and program a value add and worth the investment in our people. I strongly recommend BC Holdings, LLC.
— Gregory Burns Board Member, Pinnacle Financial Partners, Formerly CEO, O’Charley’s Inc.










BC Holdings, LLC has trained employees throughout our Engineer Research and Development Center (ERDC) individual Laboratories from multiple locations throughout the country. They have consistently given our employees the highest level of training for almost a decade. I am very pleased with their training expertise, understanding of our employee populations throughout the country, and the continued education and training even after they leave a location. I am excited that they are expanding their presence throughout the Corps and look forward to their continued service to our employees moving forward.
— Pam Simpson, ERDC Training Program Coordinator, United States Army Corps of Engineers


Imagine the Strength of a Financially Stable Workforce


Our Partners




















































Request a Call Back






Would you like to speak to one of our financial educators over the phone? Just submit your details and we’ll be in touch shortly. You can also email us if you would prefer.
For Businesses: Do you have questions about our on-site (live) workshops, keynotes, or E-Learning financial education programs for your workforce? Send us an email and we’ll get in touch shortly, or phone 1.615.826.7861 between 08:00am and 6:00pm CST, Monday to Friday — we would be delighted to speak.
For Individuals: Would you like to contact one of our certified financial educators? Just email us your details and we’ll be in touch shortly.
Note: Your details are kept strictly confidential as per our Privacy Policy.
It’s not what you make, but what you keep, save, invest and grow. It’s not what you make, but what you keep, save, invest and 












Your Name
 
I would like to discuss
On-site Workshop/SeminarWeb-based TrainingKeynote AppearancesCredit Analysis/RestorationOne-on-One Financial Coaching/CounselingOther
Your Email Optional

Your Phone Number

















© 2015 bcholdingsllc.com 



Top




















BC HOLDINGS, LLC :: OpenCorporates








































We're hiring developers!
Apply here







The Open Database Of The Corporate World







Search




Companies



Officers

























Log in/Sign up












BC HOLDINGS, LLC



Company Number 5844786-0160
Status Active
Incorporation Date 25 February 2005 (over 12 years ago)
Company Type LLC - Domestic
Jurisdiction Utah (US)
Registered Address 216 S 1300 E Salt Lake City, UT 84102United States
Industry Codes 9999:  (North American Industry Classification System 2007)
Agent Name BRAD CLAWSON
Agent Address 216 S 1300 E
Salt Lake City, UT 84102
Directors / Officers BRAD CLAWSON, agent
Registry Page https://secure.utah.gov/bes/details.h...



Source Utah Department of Commerce, https://secure.utah.gov/bes/details.h..., 26 Jun 2017


Add data (website, address, etc)







Explore company network



Company network
Not yet available for this company.
Click to find out more



Corporate Grouping
User Contributed



None known.
Add one now?


See all corporate groupings


Similarly named companies

Found 245.
Showing first 10



 BC HOLDINGS LLC (Oregon (US), 10 Aug 2015- )


 BC HOLDINGS, LLC (Arizona (US),  1 May 2009- )


 BC HOLDINGS, LLC (Nebraska (US), 30 Jan 2014- )


 BC HOLDINGS, LLC (Florida (US), 24 Jan 2005- )


 ED BC HOLDINGS LLC (Delaware (US), 12 Aug 2016- )


 VAIZRA BC HOLDINGS LLC (Delaware (US), 17 Dec 2013- )


 FCOF BC HOLDINGS LLC (Delaware (US), 19 Jun 2008- )


 SVP BC HOLDINGS, LLC (Delaware (US),  9 Oct 2008- )


 BC HOLDINGS, LLC (Massachusetts (US),  6 Nov 2012- )


 FLORIDA BC HOLDINGS, LLC (Florida (US), 31 Aug 2012- )


 BC HOLDINGS, LLC (New Jersey (US), 20 Dec 2006- )










Industry codes




alpha





Code
Description
Code scheme






9999

North American Industry Classification System 2007

details











* While we strive to keep this information correct and up-to-date, it is not the primary source, and the company registry (see source, above) should always be referred to for definitive information


Data on this page last changed July  3 2017



Problem/question about this data?
Click here



 Open Data

Get this info as
json, xml, rdf













Monteris BC Holdings, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Monteris BC Holdings, LLC
List of persons related to the company Monteris BC Holdings, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Monteris BC Holdings, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001687323IRS Number: 472184679Company address: 688 PINE STREET SUITE 6D BURLINGTON 05401Phone number: 8029233080



People related to Monteris BC Holdings, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryW. Schuler  Jack28161 North Keith Drive Lake ForestILMcCormick  Richard688 Pine Street Suite 6DBurlingtonVT




Monteris BC Holdings, LLC on the Web
Related companiesMonteris BC Holdings 2, LLC, Monteris BC Note 2, LLC, Monteris BC Note, LLC, MONTERIS MEDICAL INC, Monteris Medical US, Inc.












 











Hedge Funds: 
  Birchview Capital, LP











Hedge Funds
Public Info on a Private Industry




Funds
Books
Contact





Birchview Capital, LP





Read About Hedge Funds








Key Facts

HeadquartersBurlington, VT
Employees3
AUM$216 million
AUM as ofMay 13, 2016
Clients3











Overview
  Birchview Capital, LP is a hedge fund based in Burlington, VT.
   It was founded in 05/2014.
  They hold $216 million in assets under management as of May 13, 2016.
  Read their Plain English Brochure.

Sub Funds and Performance


NameAUM (bn)
Type
Min Investment
Num Clients
Internal $ %
Fund of Funds $ %
Prime Brokers


Birchview Fund LLC 0.036
hedge fund
1,000,000
20
38.0

BTIG


Monteris Bc Holdings, LLC 0.024
private equity fund
0
19
18.0






Key People


NameTitlePositionOwnership


 Richard MccormickChief Financial Officer And Chief Compliance Officer
Owner or OfficerNone


 Benjamin SmallChief Operating Officer
Owner or OfficerNone


 Matthew StrobeckChief Investment Officer And Managing Partner
Owner or Officer> 75%


 Matthew StrobeckNone
Indirect Owner> 75%












    Copyright © 2016 Track Hedge Funds.  
    
      
      Login









Contec
























THE WORLD'S LEADING CONSUMER PREMISE EQUIPMENT
REPAIR COMPANY FOR OVER 35 YEARS





















































At Contec, we strive to be the best at bringing creative technology and people based solutions to the world's best Multiple-System 
Operators (MSO's) and Electronics OEM's that enable them to extend and maximize the service life and financial returns from their customer premises equipment and electronics hardware products and to offer their customers excellence in customer service.

Contec is committed to the development of long-term integrated relationships with our partners, consistently upgrading and expanding our existing capabilities in the areas of the Cable & Satellite Industry, Electronics Repair Services, Integrated Reverse logistics solution, Technology Development, Remote Control, and Parts Services. As a highly integrated, trusted and proven OEM partner, we provide high-quality failure data to help our partners provide quality improvement to their products.

 Our general electronics hardware repair services also leverage our service center network to offer our OEM customers the technical skills and proximity that is required to service and repair complex electronics hardware for customers from a wide range of industries including Medical, Industrial, and Analytical equipment.

NEWSLETTER

Keep up on our  evolving product features and technology.
Enter your e-mail and subscribe to our newsletter.



























 


















 




8777 BC HOLDINGS LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    8777 BC HOLDINGS LLC











Company number L17000061743
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Florida Limited Liability
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 3/20/2017
        

Principal Address
            3421 S.W. 107 AVE., MIAMI, 33165
            


Mailing Address 3421 S.W. 107 AVE., MIAMI, FL, 33165
        
8777 BC HOLDINGS LLC Principals

A, M, B, R
                Guerrero Cesar
                 


Address
                3421 S.W. 107 AVE., MIAMI, FL, 33165
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name GUERRERO            CESAR (p)
        

Agent Address
                3421 S.W. 107 AVE., MIAMI, FL, 33165
                

8777 BC HOLDINGS LLC Events

1 LC AMENDMENT
            

filedDate 5/1/2017
            

Description
8777 BC HOLDINGS LLC has been set up 3/20/2017 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The 8777 BC HOLDINGS LLC principal adress is 3421 S.W. 107 AVE., MIAMI, 33165. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 3421 S.W. 107 AVE., MIAMI, FL, 33165. 
The company`s registered agent is GUERRERO            CESAR 3421 S.W. 107 AVE., MIAMI, FL, 33165.  
The company`s management are A, M, B, R - Guerrero Cesar. The last significant event in the company history is LC AMENDMENT which is dated by 5/1/2017. This decision is take in action on unknown. 






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
8777 COLLINS AVENUE APARTMENTS L.L.C.
8778 PROPERTY, INC.
8779 103RD STREET, LLC
877974 ONTARIO INC.
8779 VIA PRESTIGIO LLC
877-ASK-TAZZ INC











