   Jean-Paul Montupet | Emerson Corporation | ZoomInfo.com








Jean P. Roy - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Jean P. Roy
Former Chairman at GeoGlobal Resources Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Jean P. Roy? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jean P. Roy's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jean P. Roy's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jean P. Roy's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jean P. Roy through your network of contacts.
												








Jean P. Roy's Executive Work History


Past
To view Jean P. Roy's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


St. Mary's University


Age
60

 


Jean P. Roy's Biography



Mr. Roy was elected a Director, President and Chief Executive Officer on August 29, 2003.  Effective August 17, 2010 Mr. Roy resigned his position of President and Chief Executive Officer.  Before joining GeoGlobal, Mr. Roy had been consulting in the oil and gas industry through his private company, GeoGlobal Technologies Inc. which he owned 100%.  Mr. Roy has in excess of twenty-eight years of geological and geophysical experience in basins worldwide as he has worked on projects throughout India, North and South America, Europe, the Middle East, the former Soviet Union and South East Asia.  His specialties include modern seismic data acquisi ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Roy was elected a Director, President and Chief Executive Officer on August 29, 2003.  Effective August 17, 2010 Mr. Roy resigned his position of President and Chief Executive Officer.  Before joining GeoGlobal, Mr. Roy had been consulting in the oil and gas industry through his private company, GeoGlobal Technologies Inc. which he owned 100%.  Mr. Roy has in excess of twenty-eight years of geological and geophysical experience in basins worldwide as he has worked on projects throughout India, North and South America, Europe, the Middle East, the former Soviet Union and South East Asia.  His specialties include modern seismic data acquisition and processing techniques, and integrated geological and geophysical data interpretation.  Since 1981 he has held geophysical positions with Niko Resources Ltd., Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation, Reliance Industries, Cubacan Exploration Inc., PetroCanada, GEDCO, Eurocan USA and British Petroleum.  Mr. Roy graduated from St. Mary's University of Halifax, Nova Scotia in 1982 with a B.Sc. in Geology and has been certified as a Professional Geophysicist.
 

 
Page 7


TOC

 
*           Mr. Roy was a founder of our Company and has been a Director since our inception in 2002 and continues to be the largest stockholder in the Company.  Mr. Roy has substantial technical experience in geology and geophysics and more specifically, the basins in which our Company holds its interests.  This led the Board to conclude that, in the light of our business and structure at this time, it is appropriate for him to serve on our Board of Directors at this time.
		
Source: GeoGlobal Resources Inc. on 04/29/2011
		
	

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jean P. Roy's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Jean P. Roy. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jean P. Roy's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jean P. Roy's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jean P. Roy through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Jean P. Roy


















Jean P. Roy's Connections (12)





Sign up now to view Jean P. Roy's 12 connections »









Allan J. Kent
Former Vice President, Finance, GeoGlobal Resources Inc.









Paul B. Miller
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, GeoGlobal Resources Inc.









Miles Leggett
Former Vice President, Exploration, Canada, GeoGlobal Resources Inc.









Sunil S. Karkera
Former Chief Financial Officer, GeoGlobal Resources Inc.









David D. Conklin
Former Board Member, GeoGlobal Resources Inc.









Peter R. Smith
Former Chairman of the Board, GeoGlobal Resources Inc.









Brent J. Peters
Former Board Member, GeoGlobal Resources Inc.









Anoop Poddar
Former Board Member, GeoGlobal Resources Inc.









B. Mohapatra
Former Country Manager, India, GeoGlobal Resources Inc.









Michael J. Hudson
Former Board Member, GeoGlobal Resources Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
























Jean-Paul L. Montupet Elected to IHS Board of Directors - AOL Finance
























































































Jean-Paul L. Montupet Elected to IHS Board of Directors







Share














BusinessWirevia The Motley Fool, AOL.com
Oct 15th 2012 4:21PM




Jean-Paul L. Montupet Elected to IHS Board of DirectorsENGLEWOOD, Colo.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- IHS Inc.  (NYS: IHS) , the leading global source of information and analytics, today announced that it has elected Jean-Paul L. Montupet to its Board of Directors, effective immediately. Montupet's appointment brings the IHS board back to its original composition of 10 directors."Jean-Paul brings a wealth of international business experience, especially from Europe and the Asia Pacific, to our Board," said IHS Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jerre Stead. "We're delighted to have his involvement and guidance as we continue to deliver market-leading information and insight solutions to our global customers and sustainable, profitable growth to our shareholders."Montupet, 64, is chair of Emerson Electric's Industrial Automation business and president of Emerson Europe. He is expected to serve in these roles until his retirement at the end of 2012. He joined Emerson in 1981, serving in a number of senior executive roles at the global technology provider. Prior to joining Emerson, Montupet served as chair of the Board of Leroy-Somer, Inc. and chair of Founderies Montupet SA.A resident of St. Louis, Montupet is a trustee of the St. Louis Public Library Foundation and the Winston Churchill National Museum. He also serves on the Boards of Lexmark International, Inc., WABCO Holdings Inc. and Assurant, Inc., and is the non-executive chair of the Board at PartnerRe Ltd.Montupet earned a master's degree in business administration from the Ecole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales (HEC) in Paris.About IHS (www.ihs.com)IHS  (NYS: IHS)  is the leading source of information and insight in critical areas that shape today's business landscape. Businesses and governments in more than 165 countries around the globe rely on the comprehensive content, expert independent analysis and flexible delivery methods of IHS to make high-impact decisions and develop strategies with speed and confidence. IHS has been in business since 1959 and became a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange in 2005. Headquartered in Englewood, Colorado, USA, IHS employs more than 6,000 people in more than 30 countries around the world.IHS is a registered trademark of IHS Inc. All other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Copyright © 2012 IHS Inc. All rights reserved.IHS Inc.News Media Contact:David E. Pendery, +1 303-397-2468david.pendery@ihs.comorInvestor Relations Contact:Andy Schulz, +1 303-397-2969andy.schulz@ihs.comKEYWORDS:   United States  North America  ColoradoINDUSTRY KEYWORDS:
			The article Jean-Paul L. Montupet Elected to IHS Board of Directors originally appeared on Fool.com.
		Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.Copyright © 1995 - 2012 The Motley Fool, LLC.  All rights reserved. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.



Tags



                                df-main
                            




Read Full Story




Can't get enough business news?

Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from retailer news to the latest IPOs delivered directly to your inbox daily!











 Subscribe to our other newsletters
Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time.








From Our Partners





Cat Found Still Living In The Same Basement Where She Was Abandoned 20 Years Ago





Why Do Stop Signs Have 8 Sides?





20 Brilliant Life Hacks That Make Life A Thousand Times Easier





  The Latest from our Partners         The fastest way to pay off your mortgage!     Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits     Crush your debt by refinancing to a 15 year fixed loan            Pay no interest until August 2018 with this card     Rack up unlimited miles with this astonishing credit card     An incredible $200 intro bonus just for using this card            Banks Leaving Money on the Table – Lock in Rates Now     Earn the Money You Deserve – Compare Top Savings Rates     7 CD Rates that Will Skyrocket Your Finances            Owe less than $300k on your home? Don't miss this unique opportunity     How to get a HARP loan before it expires in September     How to pay off your house ASAP (Easy Tip)            17 Stores That Are Getting Completely Destroyed by Amazon     15 Crazy Kitchen Gadgets That Are a Complete Waste of Money     The 15 Most Addicted Cities Behind the $8 Billion Opiate Epidemic            Police: Man Killed His Own Son During Custody Battle     New Poker World Champ Is a Rookie, 'Pretty Tired of Poker'     Man Sues After Being Denied $5M Lottery Pay Day       








Recommended For YouFrozen in time: Swiss couple just one of many findings revealed by melting iceMarketsUSGlobalsCurrenciesDJIA21,580.07-31.71-0.15%NASDAQ6,387.75-2.25-0.04%S&P 5002,472.54-0.91-0.04%NIKKEI 22520,099.75-44.84-0.22%HANG SENG26,706.09-34.12-0.13%DAX12,240.06-207.19-1.66%USD (per EUR)1.170.000.11%USD (per CHF)0.950.000.03%JPY (per USD)111.150.040.03%GBP (per USD)1.300.000.04%All index data provided on a 15 minute delay.More to ExploreFrom Our Partners10 companies proving why retail is far from dead'Game of Thrones' star lists stunning home for $1.9MWells Fargo ordered to reinstate whistleblowerBezos, Zuckerberg both see fortunes swell by $20BPizza chains battle over remote Russian regionsTiny home with 100-mile desert views is stunning7 Signs It's Time to Let Go of a FriendSUCCESS MagazineEverything You Need to Know About SalsaQuick & Dirty TipsBy PubExchange 













Sun, 
Jul 23




°F


Set Your Location
City, State, or Zip


Change weather location





















Mail




Search 



Sign In / Join




My Account


Log Out





News 




Entertainment 




Finance 




Lifestyle 




Games 




Video 




Shop 


































   Jean-Paul Montupet | Emerson Corporation | ZoomInfo.com





Jean-Paul L. Montupet Elected to IHS Board of Directors | IHS Online Newsroom
 
































































  





















Newsroom







Jean-Paul L. Montupet Elected to IHS Board of Directors









Newsroom 
Search

Overview
News Releases
Multimedia
Industry Experts
Media Contacts
Broadcast Studios
Corporate Assets
Register for Email Alerts
Follow @IHS_News





Advanced Search





CERAWeek 2017 









Registration
Login
Media Requests
Email Alerts
RSS Feeds
 













Jean-Paul L. Montupet Elected to IHS Board of Directors



Login








      Category:          

Corporate 



    Monday, October 15, 2012 4:05 pm EDT  



      Dateline:          




                    ENGLEWOOD, Colo.        






EmailPDFPrintRSS 



      Public Company Information:          




NYSE:IHS 







  "We’re delighted to        have his involvement and guidance as we continue to deliver        market-leading information and insight solutions to our global customers        and sustainable, profitable growth to our shareholders." 



ENGLEWOOD, Colo.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--IHS Inc. (NYSE: IHS), the leading global source of information and 
      analytics, today announced that it has elected Jean-Paul L. Montupet to 
      its Board of Directors, effective immediately. Montupet’s appointment 
      brings the IHS board back to its original composition of 10 directors.
    

      “Jean-Paul brings a wealth of international business experience, 
      especially from Europe and the Asia Pacific, to our Board,” said IHS 
      Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jerre Stead. “We’re delighted to 
      have his involvement and guidance as we continue to deliver 
      market-leading information and insight solutions to our global customers 
      and sustainable, profitable growth to our shareholders.”
    

      Montupet, 64, is chair of Emerson Electric's Industrial Automation 
      business and president of Emerson Europe. He is expected to serve in 
      these roles until his retirement at the end of 2012. He joined Emerson 
      in 1981, serving in a number of senior executive roles at the global 
      technology provider. Prior to joining Emerson, Montupet served as chair 
      of the Board of Leroy-Somer, Inc. and chair of Founderies Montupet SA.
    

      A resident of St. Louis, Montupet is a trustee of the St. Louis Public 
      Library Foundation and the Winston Churchill National Museum. He also 
      serves on the Boards of Lexmark International, Inc., WABCO Holdings Inc. 
      and Assurant, Inc., and is the non-executive chair of the Board at 
      PartnerRe Ltd.
    

      Montupet earned a master's degree in business administration from the 
      Ecole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales (HEC) in Paris.
    

About IHS (www.ihs.com)
    

      IHS (NYSE: IHS) is the leading source of information and insight in 
      critical areas that shape today’s business landscape. Businesses and 
      governments in more than 165 countries around the globe rely on the 
      comprehensive content, expert independent analysis and flexible delivery 
      methods of IHS to make high-impact decisions and develop strategies with 
      speed and confidence. IHS has been in business since 1959 and became a 
      publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange in 2005. 
      Headquartered in Englewood, Colorado, USA, IHS employs more than 6,000 
      people in more than 30 countries around the world.
    

IHS is a registered trademark of IHS Inc. All other company and 
      product names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Copyright © 
      2012 IHS Inc. All rights reserved.

 



      Contact:          




       IHS Inc.News Media Contact:David E. Pendery, +1        303-397-2468david.pendery@ihs.comorInvestor        Relations Contact:Andy Schulz, +1 303-397-2969andy.schulz@ihs.com 





















@IHS_news








#IHSMarkit to judge Innovation Awards at ShowStoppers at IFA Berlin 2017. #tech @IHS4Tech https://t.co/G6u3ZO4Y8O https://t.co/wI8nHyyKVG — 4 days 5 hours ago


Global #defence exports expected to decline for first time ever. @IHS4DefRiskSec https://t.co/oQNtOSI3xu https://t.co/P6siTuCtkd — 4 days 7 hours ago


SIP trunking scorecard: Level 3 nabs top spot for second consecutive year. #VolP #telecom #tech @IHS4Tech… https://t.co/GResgu1pIK — 4 days 8 hours ago


Global #mobile #advertising revenues top $83B in 2016. https://t.co/MosHg1pDoK https://t.co/1MN05YIOqI — 1 week 3 days ago


New #tech for on-purpose production of #propylene critical to meet demand for #plastics. @IHS4Chemical… https://t.co/JTw2IImL1H — 1 week 5 days ago


 
 
1 of 495
››



    more  

 









Careers
Executive
IHS.com
Markit.com


Terms of Use
Disclaimers
Privacy & cookie Policy
Supplier Diversity Program


Copyright © 2016 IHS Markit. All Rights Reserved






Terms of Use
Disclaimers
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Copyright © 2016 IHS Markit. All Rights Reserved




Business Wire NewsHQsm

 
















Jean-Paul L. Montupet of WABCO Holdings Inc Board of Directors

















 







Board of Directors
                > Jean-Paul L. Montupet
            
Jean-Paul L. Montupet, Lead Independent Director



Profile
Connections






Biography



    Mr. Montupet served as President of Emerson Europe SA until December 2012, and had served as an Executive Vice President of Emerson Electric Co. since 1990 where he was responsible for its Industrial Automation Business. From 2002 to March 2016, Mr. Montupet served on the Board of PartnerRe Ltd., a leading global reinsurer; he served as non-Executive Chairman from 2010 to March 2016 and was also Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee and a member of the Risk and Finance Committee. In 2006, Mr. Montupet was elected to the board of directors of Lexmark International Inc., a leading provider of imaging products and services. In addition, Mr. Montupet is a director of IHS Inc. and Assurant, Inc.
    





Board Membership



Company Name
Board Member Since
Board Committees







Assurant Inc
-
BOARD,FINANCE AND INVESTMENTS,FINANCE AND RISK,NOMINATING,NOMINATING AND GOVERNANCE







IHS Markit Ltd
-
BOARD,HUMAN RESOURCES,RISK







WABCO Holdings Inc
2012
BOARD,COMPENSATION, NOMINATING AND GOVERNANCE







Jean-Paul L. Montupet is connected to 27 Board Members.See list of all Board Connections.

 


  







We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.








WABCO | Board of Directors









































































Careers
Suppliers
Contact



        	WBC 
    		$140.50
+4.29


Search




  







Investor Relations

Home
Investor Relations  Corporate Governance Board of Directors  
            








Investor Relations


Corporate Governance


Board of Directors


Committee Composition


Senior Management


Press Releases


Events & Presentations


Financial Reporting


Earnings Reports


Annual Reports


SEC Filings


Conflict Minerals


Stock Information


Stock History


Investment Calculator


Analyst Coverage


Investor Contacts


Request for Investor Material


Media Contacts


Email Alerts













Board of Directors






Jacques Esculier
Director since July 2007 and Chairman since May 2009 
Read Bio 



G. Peter D'Aloia
Director since July 2007
Read Bio 



Juergen W. Gromer
Director since July 2007
Read Bio 



Thomas S. Gross
Director as of March 2016
Read Bio 



Henry R. Keizer
Director as of July 2015
Read Bio 



Jean-Paul L. Montupet
Director since April 2012
Read Bio 



Mary Petrovich
Director Since November 2011
Read Bio 



D. Nick Reilly
Director since December 2014
Read Bio 



Michael T. Smith
Director since July 2007
Read Bio 





Jacques Esculier
Director since July 2007 and Chairman since May 2009 




	Jacques Esculier has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Director since July 2007. Since May 2009, he has also served as our Chairman of the Board. Prior to July 2007, Mr. Esculier served as Vice President of American Standard Companies Inc. and President of its Vehicle Control Systems business, a position he had held since January 2004. Prior to holding that position, Mr. Esculier served in the capacity of Business Leader for American Standard's Trane Commercial Systems' Europe, Middle East, Africa, India & Asia Region from 2002 through January 2004. Prior to joining American Standard in 2002, Mr. Esculier spent more than six years in leadership positions at AlliedSignal/Honeywell. He was Vice President and General Manager of Environmental Control and Power Systems Enterprise based in Los Angeles and Vice President of Aftermarket Services - Asia Pacific based in Singapore.



Back to Board of Directors 




G. Peter D'Aloia
Director since July 2007



Mr. D'Aloia served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Standard Companies Inc., a position he held since 2000, before retiring in 2008. Before joining American Standard, Mr. D'Aloia worked for Honeywell where he most recently served as Vice President - Business Development. He spent 27 years with Honeywell's predecessor company, AlliedSignal, in diverse finance management positions. During his career with AlliedSignal, he served as Vice President - Taxes; Vice President and Treasurer; Vice President and Controller; and Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for the Engineered Materials Sector. Early in his career, he worked as a tax attorney for the accounting firm, Arthur Young and Company. Mr. D'Aloia is a Director of FMC Corporation and AirTran Airways.
   Member of the Audit Committee



Back to Board of Directors 




Juergen W. Gromer
Director since July 2007



Dr. Gromer is the retired President of Tyco Electronics, a position which he held from April 1999 until December 31, 2007. Dr. Gromer also served as the Vice Chairman of Tyco Electronics from January 2006 until December 31, 2007. Dr. Gromer formerly held senior management positions from 1983 to 1998 at AMP (acquired by Tyco in April 1999) including Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales and Services, President of the Global Automotive Division, and Vice President of Central and Eastern Europe, and General Manager of AMP Germany. Dr. Gromer has over 20 years of AMP and Tyco Electronics experience, serving in a wide variety of regional and global assignments. Before working for Tyco Electronics and AMP, Dr Gromer held management positions at ZF Friedrichshafen, ITT and Procter & Gamble. Dr. Gromer serves as a Member of the Boards of Directors of Tyco Electronics Ltd. and Marvell Technology Group Inc. Dr. Gromer was on the Board of RWE Rhein Ruhr AG from 2000 to 2009. He is also Chairman of the Board of the Society for Economic Development of the District Bergstrasse/Hessen, a Member of the Advisory Board of Commerzbank, and a Director of the Board and Vice President of the American Chamber of Commerce in Germany. 
   Member of the Audit Committee



Back to Board of Directors 




Thomas S. Gross
Director as of March 2016




	Mr. Thomas S. Gross served from 2009 to 2015 as Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer of the Electrical Sector at Eaton Corporation, a global power management company. Prior to that, at Eaton Corporation, he was President, Power Quality and Control Business; President, Power Quality Solutions; and Vice President, Business System. Since joining Eaton in 2003, Mr. Gross gained senior executive experience through businesses that supply technological solutions globally for a range of industrial power systems and controls.

	Previously, Mr. Gross held senior executive positions at Danaher Corporation, a global science and technology company serving a variety of industries, and at Xycom, a technology company serving the industrial automation and control sector. He began his career at Rockwell Automation in 1977, earning increased responsibilities over two decades, and was ultimately promoted to Vice President and General Manager, Rockwell Software.

	Mr. Gross is also a director of RPM International, a world leader in specialty coatings and sealants. Previously, Mr. Gross served on the board of governors of the National Electrical Manufacturers Association in the United States. He holds a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Michigan and a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Wisconsin, both located in the United States.

   Chair of the Compensation, Nominating and Governance Committee



Back to Board of Directors 




Henry R. Keizer
Director as of July 2015




	Mr. Henry R. Keizer served from 2010 to 2012 as Deputy Chairman and Chief Operating Officer of KPMG LLP, one of the world’s largest accounting and professional services firms. Prior to that, for five years, he was Global Head of Audit at KPMGI, a consortium of more than 100 KPMG firms operating in over 140 countries. During his 35 years at KPMG, Mr. Keizer held a range of senior executive leadership roles of increasing responsibility, advising clients engaged in finance, manufacturing and technology, among other sectors.

	Mr. Keizer currently serves as a trustee of BlackRock Funds. He also serves as the non-executive chairman and a director of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc., a global rental car company, and as a director of Park Indemnity Ltd., a captive insurer affiliated with KPMGI. Previously, Mr. Keizer has served on the board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants as well as the boards of MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation, MUFG Union Bank and Montpelier Re Holdings, Ltd.. He holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting, summa cum laude, from Montclair State University, New Jersey, U.S.A.

   Chair of the Audit Committee



Back to Board of Directors 




Jean-Paul L. Montupet
Director since April 2012




	Jean-Paul L. Montupet is the former Executive Vice President of Emerson, a global leader in technology and engineering serving industrial, commercial and consumer markets. Mr Montupet was responsible for the Industrial Automation Business and President of Emerson Europe. Since 2002, Mr. Montupet has served on the Board of PartnerRe, a leading global reinsurer; he became non-Executive Chairman in 2010 and he is also Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee and a member of the Risk and Finance Committee. In 2006, Mr. Montupet was elected a director of Lexmark International, a leading provider of imaging products and services. In 1981, Mr. Montupet joined Leroy Somer, a publicly held manufacturer of electric motors based in France as director of development and North American operations. In1990, after the acquisition of Leroy Somer by Emerson, he was named Executive Vice President of Emerson. He began his industrial career at Fonderies Montupet SA, a European supplier of aluminum castings to the automotive industry.

   Member of the Compensation, Nominating and Governance Committee



Back to Board of Directors 




Mary Petrovich
Director Since November 2011




	Ms Petrovich is former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AxleTech International, a leading global supplier of off-highway and specialty vehicle drivetrain technology, which is a General Dynamics company (NYSE: GD). Presently, Ms Petrovich is a director at three companies: Woodward (NASDAQ: WWD), a leading manufacturer and service provider of energy controls for global infrastructure equipment; GT Advanced Technologies (NASDAQ: GTAT), a global provider of technology and materials for the solar, LED and other specialty markets; and Modine Manufacturing Company (NYSE: MOD), a global provider of thermal management technology and systems.

   Member of the Compensation, Nominating and Governance Committee



Back to Board of Directors 




D. Nick Reilly
Director since December 2014




	Mr. D. Nick Reilly served as President of General Motors (GM) Europe, a position he held from 2009 until he retired in 2012. Prior to that, he was President of GM Asia-Pacific and International for three years based in Shanghai, China. Mr. Reilly held senior leadership roles for GM for 35 years in key markets around the globe.

	Mr. Reilly was appointed by the U.S. administration to Chairman of the Board of the National Center for the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Organization (APEC), a position he held from 2006 to 2009. Prior to that, he served as Chairman of the Board of the U.K. government's National Training Council.  He currently serves on the Board of Kdac, a Korean automotive components supplier, the Advisory Board of MSXI, a U.S.-based automotive services company, and as strategic advisor to automotive company UkrAVTO in the Ukraine.

   Member of the Audit Committee



Back to Board of Directors 




Michael T. Smith
Director since July 2007




	Mr. Smith served as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Hughes Electronics Corporation from 1997 to 2001, before retiring in 2001. Prior to his election to those positions, Mr. Smith had been Vice Chairman of Hughes Electronics and Chairman of the Hughes Aircraft Company. Mr. Smith joined Hughes Electronics in 1985 as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer after spending nearly 20 years with General Motors in a variety of financial management positions. In 1992 he was elected Vice Chairman of Hughes Electronics and President of Hughes Missile Systems Group, and in 1995 he was elected Chairman of Hughes Aircraft Company. Mr. Smith was also a member of the board of directors of Alliant Techsystems until 2009. Mr. Smith is a member of the board of directors of Ingram Micro, Inc., Teledyne Technologies, Inc. and Flir Systems, Inc.

   Member of the Compensation, Nominating and Governance Committee



Back to Board of Directors 



























 
Briefcase
Briefcase
 
 
Printed Materials
Printed Materials
 
 
Email Alerts
Email Alerts
 
 
Downloads
Downloads
 
 
Snapshot
Snapshot
 


RSS
RSS
 
 
Print
Print
 
 
Email
Email
 

Search
Search



  

Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS
































 


AIZ Jean-Paul L. Montupet Insider Trades for Assurant Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Assurant Inc.

                  NYSE: AIZ
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Assurant Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:50 p.m.


AIZ

/quotes/zigman/334312/composite


$
105.41




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 3,354
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/334312/composite
Previous close

$
			105.71
		


$
				105.41
			
Change

-0.30
-0.28%





Day low
Day high
$105.02
$105.95










52 week low
52 week high

            $78.50
        

            $106.47
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Jean-Paul L. Montupet



Mr. Jean-Paul L. Montupet is on the Board of Directors at IHS, Inc., Assurant, Inc., WABCO Europe BVBA, WABCO Holdings, Inc., Lexmark International, Inc., National Electrical Manufacturers Association, St. Louis Public Library Foundation and Winston Churchill Memorial & Library. Mr. Montupet was previously employed as Non-Executive Chairman by PartnerRe Ltd., President by Emerson Europe SA, Executive Vice President by Emerson Electric Co., Chief Executive Officer by Emerson Electric Asia Pacific Ltd., and Chairman-North American Operations by Moteurs Leroy-Somer SA. He also served on the board at Leroy-Somer SA and National Electrical Manufacturers Association. He received his MBA from École des Hautes Études Commerciales de Paris.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/12/2017
1,225


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/13/2016
1,437


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/08/2015
1,547


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/09/2014
1,479


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/11/2013
300


 
Acquisition at $59.83 per share.


17,949


11/11/2013
1,400


 
Acquisition at $59.83 per share.


83,762


05/10/2013
2,111


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


09/13/2012
2,110


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Alan B. Colberg 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Gene E. Mergelmeyer 
Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Richard S. Dziadzio 
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & EVP




Mr. Ajay  Waghray 
Chief Technology Officer & EVP




Mr. Robert A. Lonergan 
Chief Strategy Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Doris  Vigo 
Chief Compliance Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Gregory J. DeChurch 
Senior Vice President




Mr. Daniel  Hoppes 
Senior Vice President




Mr. Christopher J. Pagano 
Chief Risk Officer




Ms. Francesca  Luthi 
Chief Communications & Marketing Officer, EVP




Mr. Daniel A. Pacicco 
Chief Accounting Officer, SVP & Controller




Mr. John Andrew Sondej 
Senior Vice President & Controller




Mr. John M. Moran 
Vice President-External Communications




Mr. Sean  Moshier 
Manager-Investor relations




Mr. Mei  Kuo 
Executive Assistant & Investor Relations Contact




Ms. Linda  Recupero 
SVP-Enterprise Communication & Media Contact




Ms. Suzanne  Shepherd 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Ms. Robyn H. Price Stonehill 
Chief Human Resources Officer & EVP




Mr. Bart R. Schwartz 
Secretary, Chief Legal Officer & EVP




Ms. Elaine D. Rosen 
Non-Executive Chairman




Mr. Juan N. Cento 
Independent Director




Mr. Jean-Paul L. Montupet 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert W. Stein 
Independent Director




Ms. Elyse  Douglas 
Independent Director




Mr. Paul Joseph Reilly 
Independent Director




Mr. Charles John Koch 
Independent Director




Mr. Lawrence V. Jackson 
Independent Director




Mr. Howard L. Carver 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




7:06 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:37pAt least 9 dead after overheated tractor-trailer found outside Texas Walmart
5:01p‘Full transparency’ doesn’t mean what Scaramucci apparently thinks it means
5:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
4:53pThe dark side of cruises
4:53pIf you suddenly quit your job like Sean Spicer, here’s what you should do next
4:52pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
4:52pNever (ever) say these things to a co-worker
4:51pMy uncle with dementia needs long-term care — should I refinance his house?
4:49pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
4:46p5 easily avoidable reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
4:45pWhy house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring
4:45pNearly 40% of adults don’t have life insurance — these startups are trying to change that
4:44pMarie Kondo says this one thing could be holding you back from falling in love
4:44pThis luxury credit card is only for truly big spenders
4:44pHow Elon Musk and shorter commutes could transform people’s lives
4:43pBanks have raised credit-card interest rates — but not savings account rates
4:43pThe most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco
4:42p1 in 10 Americans say they will die in debt
4:40pShopping at Costco, and 5 other things that prove rich people are cheap
12:13aHeavy showers swamp New Orleans street with rainwater
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














montupet - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content




Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Jean-Paul L. Montupet Elected to IHS Board of Directors ...

https://www.aol.com/2012/10/15/jean-paul-l-montupet-elected-to-ihs...


Jean-Paul L. Montupet Elected to IHS Board of Directors ENGLEWOOD, Colo.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- IHS Inc. (NYS: IHS) , the leading global source of information and ...


- WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Montupet


You have no Favorite Channels. To follow a channel click the ... If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link ...


Bobbin lace - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Lace_pillow


Bobbin lace is a lace textile made by braiding and twisting lengths of thread, ... ^ Montupet and Schoeller, 1988, p. 16-18 ^ Earnshaw, Pat (1985).


Point de Venise - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Point_de_Venise


Point de Venise (also Gros Point de Venise) ... ^ Montupet and Schoeller, Lace: The Elegant Web, p. 34 ^ Lefébure, Embroidery and Lace, p. 214; References.


Linamar - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Linamar


Based in Guelph, Ontario, Linamar Corporation is Canada's second largest automobile parts manufacturer. Linamar manufactures and supplies automotive and industrial ...


Debra J Perry and Greg FH Seow Appointed to PartnerRe's ...

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2013/06/18/debra-j-perry-and...


PEMBROKE, Bermuda--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- PartnerRe Ltd. (NYS: PRE) today announced that Debra J Perry and Greg FH Seow have been appointed to its Board of ...


Paris Motor Show: Renault Twingo Concept - Autoblog

www.autoblog.com/2006/09/28/paris-motor-show-renault-twingo-concept


Although our guy Noah just posted info on this a few days ago, we now have some live pics and a full press release for this funky fun concept. Renault has i


CAC Small - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/CAC_Small


The CAC Small (formerly the CAC Small 90) is a stock market index used by the Paris Bourse. ... Montupet; Naturex; Netgem; Neurones; NextRadioTV; NicOx; Norbert ...


SBF 120 - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/SBF_120


You have no Favorite Channels. To follow a channel click the ... If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link ...


Passementerie - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Passementerie


^ The art of passementerie ^ Montupet, Janine, and Ghislaine Schoeller: Lace: The Elegant Web, ISBN 0-8109-3553-8



Searches related tomontupet



jean paul montupet


montupet linamar


montupet north america


montupet france



montupet investor relations


montupet peru


linamar corporation to purchase montupet


montupet casting




12Next

Related Searches



jean paul montupet


montupet linamar


montupet north america


montupet france


montupet investor relations


montupet peru


linamar corporation to purchase montupet


montupet casting




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








