 Derik Mooberry: Mass market drives iGaming evolution         get the latest gambling news from calvin ayre  Subscribeby clicking subscribe, you agree to our legal disclaimer.     Search for:     Follow Calvin Ayre on       SHARECASINODerik Mooberry: Mass market drives gaming evolutionBY Video  ON July 17, 2017 TAGs: CAI, Derik Mooberry, Scientific GamesIn this interview with CalvinAyre.com’s Stephanie Raquel, Derik Mooberry of Scientific Games explains how mass market shapes iGaming products.Loading the player...  Products are shaped by consumer demand. Companies produce products that they think will be patronized by many. That’s why many companies devote resources to research, in order to understand the behavior and spending pattern of consumers.The good thing about consumer-determined products is that they drive suppliers to innovate their offerings.Case in point are the electronic table games in Macau. During Macau’s heyday, gambling suppliers have developed more offerings intended for VIPs since these clients were the ones bringing in money to the business.This, however, changed when Beijing launched a corruption crackdown and high rollers were forced to avoid Macau. The exodus of VIP gamblers prompted gaming operators and suppliers to change their business strategy by focusing on the mass market.Derik Mooberry of Scientific Games pointed out that product innovation has been the key for gaming operators to tap into the potential of Macau’s mass market. He said gaming technology providers such as Scientific Games have been working with gambling operators to entice the mass market to gamble.“As a manufacturer, I think it provides opportunity to show are innovation and highlight a lot of the new products and features we’ve been working on,” Mooberry told CalvinAyre.com. “I think, as the market here in Macau evolves, and you get more of the mass market consumer, I think slots, which have historically been a small percentage of play here, I think we could look to see that evolve and I think you could see new styles of machines, new play mechanics, new form factors, that makes it more exciting for the operators as well.”Mooberry said electronic table games are designed so as not to intimidate the mass market, partly by adding lower bet options for them. This allows a different price point, which he said is more efficient.“From a consumer perspective, it gives you the benefit of playing in what I call ‘a non-intimidating format.’ Live table games, if you are not used to them, can be very intimidating,” he said. “So as you think about mass market, then that provides benefit to them. So, you really have a win-win situation for both the operator and the consumer.”At present, Mooberry said that electronic games are booming and expanding from Asia to the Americas and Europe. He predicts that products will continue to evolve especially now that the world becomes more digital.“I think that is an expectation that will evolve in most markets around the world. It just really becomes a question of time,” he said. Commentsviews and opinions expressed are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of CalvinAyre.com CommentJoin the discussion CommentsRelated Posts  Jesper Karrbrink: Boost your brand through corporate social responsibility  16 hours Ago  Scientific Games pulls a surprising $762M Q2 revenue  July 25, 2017  Martin Arendts: Germany needs a modern gambling regulation  July 25, 2017  Kostandina Zafirovska: Artificial intelligence helps tailor fit gambling offerings  July 24, 2017  Werner Becher: the industry lacks innovation  July 19, 2017                                //php if ( is_post_type_archive('videos') || is_singular('videos') || 'videos' == get_post_type() ) { ?>  //php } ?>

Derik Mooberry, Scientific Games Corp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





















Feedback





Derik Mooberry

Exec VP/CEO:Gaming,
Scientific Games Corp






Career History




Exec VP/CEO:Gaming
Scientific Games Corp, 12/2014-PRESENT


VP:North America Game Sales
Bally Technologies Inc, UNKNOWN-3/2011


Senior VP:Products & Ops
Bally Technologies Inc, 3/2011-UNKNOWN


VP:System Sales
Bally Technologies Inc, FORMER


Senior VP:Games
Bally Technologies Inc, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.scientificgames.com






Corporate Information
Address:

6650 South El Camino Road
Las Vegas, NV 89118
United States


Phone:
1-702-897-7150


Fax:
1-702-897-2284


Web url:
www.scientificgames.com











From The Web












Awards & Publications



Certificates




Certified Public Accountant (CPA)









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































Senior Management








































Kevin M. SheehanChief Executive Officer


 Kevin Sheehan joined Scientific Games Corporation as Chief Executive Officer and President in August 2016.
Previously he served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Norwegian Cruise Line Holding Ltd., comprised of Norwegian Cruise Line and Prestige Cruises International, Inc., which operates Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas.
At Norwegian, Kevin led major initiatives to expand the company’s revenues and increase profitability in the midst of a difficult economic climate. He also focused the organization on delivering increased guest services, raising guest satisfaction scores to record levels.
In 2013, Sheehan completed Norwegian’s successful initial public offering on NASDAQ, and in 2014, he completed the acquisition of Prestige Cruises International, the market leader in the upscale cruise segment.
Kevin’s management philosophy of leading by example enabled him to reinvigorate Norwegian by opening lines of communication and creating a positive corporate culture.
Prior to Norwegian, Kevin was with Cendant Corporation. His last role was Chief Executive Officer of Vehicle Services, which included global responsibilities of Avis, Budget, PHH Vehicle Management Services, and Wright Express.
Kevin‘s earlier career included nearly 10 years in the media industry. He served as President of STT Video Partners, a joint venture between Time Warner, HBO and Sega, to offer interactive cable services directly into consumers‘ homes. He was also instrumental in the creation and launch of Telemundo.
In 2011, Kevin was named “Miami Ultimate CEO” by the South Florida Business Journal, and in 2014 EY named him an “Entrepreneur of the Year”.
Kevin holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Hunter College and an MBA from New York University’s Graduate School of Business. He is also a Certified Public Accountant.


Karin-Joyce TjonChief Operating Officer and President


 Karin-Joyce Tjon joined Scientific Games as the Chief Operating Officer and President in February 2017. In this role, Tjon has oversight of the gaming and lottery operations and the Company’s organizational strategy, business development, and fiscal discipline, reporting directly to Scientific Games’ Chief Executive Officer Kevin Sheehan.
Ms. Tjon previously served for two years as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Epiq Systems where she oversaw legal, corporate governance, risk compliance, and all aspects of international corporate finance. Prior to her work at Epiq, she spent three years as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Hawker Beechcraft Corporation, directing the company’s administrative, financial and risk management options, effectively aligning finance with overall business strategy.
Ms. Tjon earned an MBA in Finance from Columbia University and a bachelor’s degree in Organizational Behavior and Management from Ohio University.


Michael QuartieriExecutive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer


 Michael Quartieri, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, joined Scientific Games in November 2015 as Vice President and Corporate Controller. Before joining Scientific Games, Mr. Quartieri served nine years at Las Vegas Sands Corp., where he ended his tenure as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, and Global Controller. Before that, he worked for 13 years at Deloitte & Touche, where he rose to the position of Director of Audit and Assurance Services, specializing in gaming and hospitality clients.
In December 2015, the Company announced that Michael Quartieri will succeed Scott Schweinfurth as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary, upon Mr. Schweinfurth’s retirement in early 2016.
Mr. Quartieri holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting and a Master of Accounting from the University of Southern California and is a Certified Public Accountant.


David SmailExecutive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer


 David Smail serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer for Scientific Games, overseeing the Company’s legal strategy and operations. Mr. Smail is a dynamic, hands-on business leader with more than 20 years’ experience working for global companies in the U.S. and internationally. He brings a wealth of public company and international experience, as well as proven expertise in building strong relationships focused on strategic partnerships in support of business objectives.
Mr. Smail was most recently with Morgans Hotel Group Co., where he was Executive Vice President and General Counsel. Before that, he served as Executive Vice President and Group General Counsel at Havas S.A., a France-based global advertising and communications services company. Earlier in his career, he was a Partner with the international law firm Hogan Lovells, where he worked in Paris and Washington D.C.
Mr.Smail received his J.D. cum laude from Harvard Law School in 1991 and his B.A. summa cum laude in Biology and French from Macalester College in St. Paul, Minn. in 1987.



Susan CartwrightVice President of Corporate Communications


 Susan Cartwright joined Scientific Games as Vice President of Corporate Communications in January 2016. She leads Scientific Games’ global external and internal communications as well as the Company’s corporate social responsibility program.
Cartwright most recently served as Vice President of Corporate Communications for IGT, where she was responsible for leading the company’s internal and external corporate communication strategy and execution. During her three-year tenure from 2012-2015, Cartwright focused on global communications strategy and tactics, corporate branding, executive thought leadership, government and investor relations communications, sales enablement, web initiatives, and merger communications.
Before joining IGT, Cartwright held a number of senior-management positions in marketing, advertising, communications, and operations with leading communications and advertising agencies including: Noble Communications, Omnicom’s Element 79, Energy BBDO and DDB, and Leo Burnett. She has worked with prominent blue chip clients that include Johns Hopkins University, Gerber, Quaker Snacks, Zicam, Bayer, Aleve, Ziploc, Stolichnaya, Beefeater, Cleveland Clinic, Kahlua, and BEHR Paint.
Cartwright earned a Bachelor of Speech in Communication Studies from Northwestern University.


James C. Kennedy Jr.Group Chief Executive of Lottery


 James Kennedy serves as Executive Vice President, Group Chief Executive of Lottery. Mr. Kennedy leads Scientific Games’ Lottery Business worldwide. Prior to this role, Mr. Kennedy served as President, Printed Products and Chief Marketing Officer.
Since joining Scientific Games in 1985, Mr. Kennedy has worked closely with customers around the world to create and execute successful lottery programs for responsible, sustainable growth. Under his leadership as Senior Vice President of Sales and Global Marketing, Mr. Kennedy was responsible for global marketing and business management for sales, customer service and creative for all of Scientific Games’  lottery businesses during the time when the Company experienced the most significant growth in its history of global instant products and related services. During Mr. Kennedy’s tenure at Scientific Games, he also served as Vice President of U.S. Sales and President of SGI Retail Solutions.
Mr. Kennedy holds several patents and is recognized for his contributions to the Lottery industry as the recipient of three major lottery awards, including the Major Peter J. O’Connell Lottery Industry Lifetime Achievement Award, induction into the Lottery Industry Hall of Fame and the NASPL Powers Award. Prior to joining Scientific Games, Mr. Kennedy was a Systems Engineer for Computer Task Group.
Mr. Kennedy has a bachelor’s degree in Computer and Management Science, an MBA from the University of Colorado and a graduate degree from Columbia Business School’s Senior Executive Program.


Derik MooberryGroup Chief Executive of Gaming


 Derik Mooberry serves as Executive Vice President, Group Chief Executive of Gaming. Before joining the Company in November 2014, Mr. Mooberry served Senior Vice President of Games, Table Game Products, and Interactive Research & Development for Bally Technologies and oversaw Bally’s business in Mexico and South America.
He has also held roles as Bally’s Senior Vice President of Games and Vice President of Products and Operations, responsible for games, systems, and server-based solutions, product management, technology development, and global operations. Additionally, he served as Bally’s Vice President of Games Sales and Operations in the Americas, responsible for Bally’s games and gaming operations business throughout North America, the Caribbean, Central, and South America.
Mr. Mooberry previously served as Bally Technologies’ Vice President, Western Regional System Sales. In that capacity, he played a key role in the signing of several major Bally Systems customers.
Mr. Mooberry has more than 20 years of gaming industry experience and is also a Certified Public Accountant in Nevada (U.S.).


Barry CottleChief Executive of Interactive


 Barry Cottle, Chief Executive, SG Interactive, at Scientific Games
Barry Cottle joined Scientific Games as Chief Executive, SG Interactive, in August 2015 to lead the strategy and growth plans of the Interactive group.
Before Scientific Games, Cottle served as Vice Chairman of Deluxe Entertainment while concurrently serving as Senior Vice President of Technology at MacAndrews & Forbes where he helped drive digital innovation including Deluxe’s launch of Virtual Reality in June 2015.
Prior to that, he was the Chief Revenue Officer and Executive Vice President – Games for Zynga, where he led corporate and business development, strategic partnerships, distribution, marketing and advertising.  Additionally, Cottle took over the rapidly declining casino division in 2013 and turned it around to grow revenues and market share and establish Zynga as a leader in the social and mobile space.
Previously, Cottle served as the Executive Vice President – Interactive for Electronic Arts (EA) for five years, where he grew EA’s mobile and online game division from approximately $140 million in yearly revenues to more than $600 million to become the worldwide market leader. During his tenure, he transitioned EA Mobile from a U.S.-centric feature phone business to a global free-play leader across smartphones and Facebook.
Earlier in his career, Cottle served as the Founder/CEO of Quickoffice; COO of Palm; and Senior Vice President of Disney TeleVentures, a division of The Walt Disney Company dedicated to creating interactive online/TV experiences. Cottle earned an MBA from Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.


Jordan LevinPresident, Interactive / Sr. VP, Corporate Development


 Jordan Levin serves as President, Interactive for Scientific Games. In this capacity, he provides executive management and leadership, including overall strategic direction, business development, sales and marketing, and operational oversight. Mr. Levin has served as Managing Director, Williams Interactive at Scientific Games since January 2014, having previously been Chief Operating Officer of Williams Interactive since July 2012, when it was created as a subsidiary of WMS Industries Inc. (“WMS”) (acquired by Scientific Games in October 2013). Prior to that he was WMS’ Vice President of Business Development.
After joining WMS Industries in 2006 as Senior Principal Business Development, Mr. Levin was promoted to Director Business Development in 2008 and later Vice President of Business Development in 2010. Previously, he worked in investment banking and corporate finance with Dresner Partners and Wells Fargo. Mr. Levin earned his Bachelor of Business degree in Finance from the University of Texas, Austin in 1998, and received a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Chicago in 2008.


Michael P. ConfortiPresident, Global Strategic Accounts


 Michael Conforti is the President of Global Strategic Accounts.  Michael joined the company in 2011, initially serving as Vice President of International Business Development after spending several years assisting the Company in the development of its China business.
Mr. Conforti previously served as the President, Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel of URU Technology Incorporated, a company that develops and commercializes proprietary biometric access control and identity management solutions.
From 1996 to 2000, Mr. Conforti was employed by GTECH Corporation as its Vice President of International Business Development, where his responsibilities extended to government relations and Asian operations. Prior to joining GTECH, Mr. Conforti was a Director of Black, Manafort, Stone & Kelly, a leading Washington, D.C.-based public affairs company.
Michael is an attorney and member of the Virginia State Bar and holds a bachelor’s degree from St. Lawrence University of New York and a JD from George Mason University School of Law of Virginia.


Shawn G. WilliamsChief Human Resources Officer 


 Shawn G. Williams joined Scientific Games in July 2017 as the Chief Human Resources Officer. Mr. Williams is responsible for developing and executing Scientific Games’ global human resources strategy in support of the Company’s long-term business strategies. His specific focus areas include organizational and performance management, training and development, compensation, succession planning, and company culture.
Before joining Scientific Games, Mr. Williams held multiple noteworthy executive positions overseeing many different areas. His latest venture was co-founding Defi LLC, a consulting firm for technology start-ups that provides business strategy, operations, marketing, investment capital, and financial management expertise to their clients.
Prior to the launch of Defi, Mr. Williams held prominent leadership positions at Samsung Electronics America, Hewlett Packard, Apria Healthcare Inc., LeEco Holdings North America, and Tribal Knowledge Consulting Services LLC in HR and/or operations. During Mr. Williams’ 12-year career at Hewlett Packard, he held a multitude of leadership positions, including Chief Operations and People Officer for the company’s Enterprise Services group- a $28 billion 160,000-employee division of the technology giant.
Mr. Williams holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from the University of Houston and completed executive leadership programs at Stanford University and Babson College.





Larry A. Potts Chief Compliance Officer


 Larry Potts joined Scientific Games in September 2004 as Vice President of Security and Compliance, and in 2006 was designated Chief Compliance Officer and Director of Security.
Prior to joining Scientific Games, he was Chief Operating Officer of Investigative Group International, an investigative and security-consulting company headquartered in Washington, D.C. His duties there included the day to day management of operations and personally conducting some investigative and consulting jobs involving complex internal inquiries and due diligence matters.
In addition, Mr. Potts served as a Special Agent for the Federal Bureau of Investigation from 1974 to 1997 during which he worked violent crimes, white-collar crimes and organized crime as a street agent. He also served as the Chief of the Public Corruption Unit where he developed guidelines for conducting public corruption investigations. He was named Inspector-In-Charge of the VANPAC Task Force involving the mail bombing deaths of a Federal judge and a civil rights attorney. He supervised that multi-agency task force of several hundred investigators, which resulted in the successful prosecution of the individual responsible. He held numerous management positions in the FBI, including Assistant Director in Charge of the Criminal Investigative Division and Deputy Director.
Mr. Potts holds a bachelor’s degree in History and Psychology from the University of Richmond.






Home
About
Investors
Careers
News Room
Support























Investors
Corporate Overview
Investor News
Quarterly Earnings
SEC Filings
Financial Information
Events & Presentations
Stock Information
Corporate Governance
Investor Resources
Proxy Materials


Home  > 
		Investors  > 
		Corporate Overview  > 
			Senior Management




Investors
Corporate Overview
Investor News
Quarterly Earnings
SEC Filings
Financial Information
Events & Presentations
Stock Information
Corporate Governance
Investor Resources
Proxy Materials


Frequently Used Tools










Senior Management 




 
Kevin M. Sheehan

Chief Executive Officer




 
Karin-Joyce Tjon

Chief Operating Officer and President




 
Michael Quartieri

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer




 
David Smail

Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer




 
Susan Cartwright

Vice President of Corporate Communications




 
James C. Kennedy Jr.

Group Chief Executive of Lottery




 
Derik Mooberry

Group Chief Executive of Gaming




 
Barry Cottle

Chief Executive of Interactive




 
Jordan Levin

President, Interactive / Sr. VP, Corporate Development




 
Michael P. Conforti

President, Global Strategic Accounts




 
Shawn G. Williams

Chief Human Resources Officer 




 
Larry A. Potts

 Chief Compliance Officer
































Derik Mooberry | AGB












































Skip to main content






 






News Headlines
Intelligence
Directory
Events
Jurisdictions
Services
Site Map
 



Log in
Become a member
 


 

 






 





 








Derik Mooberry 

People Derik Mooberry serves as executive vice president, group chief executive of gaming. Before joining the Company in November 2014, Mr. Mooberry served Senior Vice President of Games, Table Game Products, and Interactive Research & Development for Bally Technologies and oversaw Bally’s business in Mexico and South America.
He has also held roles as Bally’s senior vice president of games and vice president of products and operations, responsible for games, systems, and server-based solutions, product management, technology development, and global operations. Additionally, he served as Bally’s Vice President of Games Sales and Operations in the Americas, responsible for Bally’s games and gaming operations business throughout North America, the Caribbean, Central, and South America.
Mr. Mooberry previously served as Bally Technologies’ Vice President, Western Regional System Sales. In that capacity, he played a key role in the signing of several major Bally Systems customers.
Mr. Mooberry has more than 20 years of gaming industry experience and is also a Certified Public Accountant in Nevada (U.S.).
 











 




Related Articles




  
  
 Australia 
 Seminar program to run at AGE 2017 
 May 17, 2017 
  Organizers of the Australasian Gaming Expo has announced today a program of complimentary seminars that will be run over the course of the first two days of AGE 2017.
  

  
  
 Macau 
 G2E Asia to provide overview of Asian gaming landscape 
 May 5, 2017 
  Influential industry speakers are set to address attendees at this year’s Global Gaming Expo Asia (G2E Asia).
  

  
  
 Elsewhere 
 Scientific Games introduces the TwinStar 3RM 
 March 8, 2017 
  Scientific Games Corporation today announced the launch of the newest product in its TwinStar family of leading-edge slot cabinets — the TwinStar 3RM.
  

  
  
 Elsewhere 
 Scientific Games completes acquisition of DEQ 
 January 19, 2017 
  Scientific Games Corporation has announced the successful completion of its acquisition of DEQ Systems Corp.
  

  
  
 Elsewhere 
 Scientific Games launches Tetris-theme slot game 
 December 14, 2016 
  Scientific Games has announced the launch of its Tetris Super Jackpot.
  

Pages1
2
next ›
last »

 


 





 







 







 









- Categories -  
          Bricks & Mortar    
          Sports Betting    
          Interactive Gaming    
          Racing    
          Earnings & Filings    
          Mergers & Acquisitions    
          Emerging Markets    
          Lottery    
          Suppliers    
          Movers & Shakers    
          Announcements  



 
 



Latest News
Most Read





 Japan GGR levies to be lower than Macau  

 SkyCity Adelaide makes VIP entry easier  

 Two men charged with using counterfeit chips  

 Anti-corruption activity threatens premium spend  

 BetConstruct seals deal with 1X2 Network  

 Lucky Ball  

 Exclusive tools and services  

 GoWild prepares for UK expansion   

 Wynn Macau operations rebound in 17Q2  

 Betfred shuts down Russia poker operations  

 





  
 LVS and MGM positioned to win IR bid: Morningstar 

 Imperial Pacific Resort Hotel to open on Thursday 

 Melco announces retirement of exec director 

 Kansai executives emergency appeal for Osaka IR 

 Police bring down high-roller kidnapping ring 
 
 

 


Magazine


 

Read the Latest Jurisdiction Updates
click here





Tweets by agbrief 




 





Upcoming Events



  
 Gaming Racing Wagering Australia 2017 
 08/14/2017 - 07:00 to 08/16/2017 - 14:00 

 Australasian Gaming Expo 2017 
 08/15/2017 - 08:00 to 08/17/2017 - 15:00 

 AGB Social - Manila 
 09/08/2017 - 18:00 to 21:00 

 Betting on Sports 
 09/13/2017 - 07:00 to 09/15/2017 - 15:00 

 Global Gaming Expo 2017 
 10/03/2017 - 06:00 to 10/05/2017 - 14:00 
 


    more  


All Events

 


Now Trending



  
  
  
 Macau operators meet with second standing committee over smoking ban 

  
  
 2016 - what comes next for Macau and the region? 

  
  
 Asia tourism prospects shine bright for Australia's Star 

  
  
 Government to audit junkets’ bad debts 

  
  
 Shortlisted Nominees Announced for Asia Gaming Awards 
 
 



 
 
 



﻿








	Derik Mooberry - Scientific Games - Root - G2E 2017
















































































Skip to main content











Search





Login to My Show


















October 3-5, 2017Sands Expo CenterLas Vegas, NV





 G2E Show Alerts
We have no alerts at this time, please check back for new G2E alerts!

× 









Home


American Gaming Association (AGA)


Integrated Resort Experience


Overview


Exhibit at IRE




Show Info


Register


Attendee Resources


Special Events


Emerging Leaders




Featured Show Locations


Exhibitor List


All Exhibitors


New Exhibitors




Product Gallery


Floor Plan


Show Specials


Supporters & Sponsors


Contact Us




Education


Overview


Education Sessions


View All Sessions


Monday Sessions


Tuesday Sessions


Wednesday Sessions


Thursday Sessions




Track Descriptions


Featured Speakers


National Center for Responsible Gaming (NCRG)




Exhibit


Want to Exhibit at G2E


International Exhibitors


Integrated Resort Experience Exhibitor Info




Current Exhibitor Info


New Exhibitors


Free Exposure at G2E


Media Kit


Lead Retrieval




Exhibitor Manual


EAC Form




Exhibitor Dashboard


Login


About


"How To" Guide




Live Floor Plan


Exhibitor Fact Sheet




Travel


G2E Travel Desk


Getting to the Sands


Experience Las Vegas!




Press


Show Press Releases




My Show


Register







You are here

RNA_G2E_v2





RNA_G2E_v2

















Derik Mooberry

Job TitleGroup Chief Executive: Gaming


Company NameScientific Games
                    

About

                            Derik Mooberry was named Scientific Games’ Group Chief Executive, Gaming in November 2014. Immediately prior, he served as Senior Vice President of Games, Table Game Products, and Interactive Research & Development for Bally Technologies (“Bally”) and oversaw Bally’s business in Mexico and South America. 
He has also held roles as Bally’s Senior Vice President of Games and Vice President of Products and Operations, responsible for games, systems, and server-based solutions, product management, technology development, and global operations. Additionally, he served as Bally’s Vice President of Games Sales and Operations in the Americas, responsible for Bally’s games and gaming operations business throughout North America, the Caribbean, Central, and South America.
Mr. Mooberry previously served as Bally Technologies’ Vice President, Western Regional System Sales. In that capacity, he played a key role in the signing of several major Bally Systems customers.
Mr. Mooberry has more than 20 years of gaming industry experience and is also a Certified Public Accountant in Nevada (U.S.).

                        






















































Featured Website Exhibitors









©  Global Gaming Expo (G2E), and the American Gaming Association.

Home
Contact Us
Mailing List
Privacy Policy
Cancellation Policy
Sitemap
Careers
Reed Expo



Presented By



Organized By







 





We use cookies to operate this website and to improve its usability. Full details of what cookies are, why we use them and how you can manage them can be found by reading our Privacy & Cookies page. Please note that by using this site you are consenting to the use of cookies.

Don't show me this message again
































PEOPLE TO WATCH 2014: Derik Mooberry – GGB Magazine















































Skip to content


Subscribe
Advertise
About Us
Go Mobile

 




Read GGB Digital Editions
Subscribe to GGB Magazine 


















Menu



Search for:


 Search





 

Vol. 13, No. 1, January 2014 






 January 2014
 

      , Features  


PEOPLE TO WATCH 2014: Derik Mooberry

By  Frank Legato  
Fri, Dec 20, 2013
SHARE ON:  TwitterFacebookLinkedIn



Senior Vice President of Games, Table Game Products and Interactive Research and Development, Bally Technologies



 
If his official title is a mouthful, it’s because his range of responsibilities has just grown significantly.
Derik Mooberry has been an executive of Bally Technologies for 12 years, and that means he has taken part in the supplier’s transformation from a struggling slot manufacturer into a diverse supplier of technology and innovation in just about every facet of the delivery of games to casinos.
Beginning in systems sales, Mooberry was part of the boom that solidified Bally’s position as the top systems company in the business. His responsibilities gradually evolved to oversight of all game and system development and, with the completion last month of the acquisition of SHFL entertainment, of proprietary table games—all of it on both brick-and-mortar and online channels from casinos to PCs to mobile phones and tablets.
“I’ve really had the pleasure of watching Bally grow over 12 years, and I’ve been able to grow along with it,” says Mooberry.
That growth is really just beginning. As senior VP in charge of both slot and table games as well as the new move into interactive products, Mooberry will continue his role of guiding products from the idea phase to implementation by customers.
“I have end-to-end responsibility for design, building and placement of our games in various marketplaces,” he explains. “That includes hardware engineering, software engineering, regulatory compliance, product management—everything in terms of getting the products ready for sale.”
The addition of development staff from SHFL entertainment—including game design whiz Roger Snow, among others—adds to a game design studio system that has been growing for years, with more than 30 game development studios located around the world.
“Building games for us is truly global, as are the marketplaces we sell our games in,” Mooberry says. “Those studios will likely continue to expand. We’re always looking for new game development talent. As a growing company, it seems we’re always in a recruitment mode, which is a fantastic position to be in.”
Bally’s mix of talent includes more than simply seasoned gaming industry veterans. “Some of our most creative people who work in our various game development teams came to Bally with basically no understanding of the gaming environment,” Mooberry says. “They may have had background in graphics or animation and may even have come from the video game industry, or other areas outside of that. We’ve had employees form Disney and other major companies join Bally and become fantastic game developers.”
As Bally moves forward, that talent is in charge of pushing the technological envelope more than ever. Part of Mooberry’s job is to identify market needs for specific Bally products and to, in the end, make them happen. In the iGaming space, that has meant not only the development of Bally’s iGaming platform, but the effective transfer of Bally content to online channels. “If you look at the early games we’ve been deploying in the real-money wagering space and intend to deploy in the mobile space, they are existing Bally games that have been some of our most successful titles in the traditional brick-and mortar environment,” he says.
“We look to capitalize on that brand recognition, and on the efforts we’ve expended in building those games for the land-based environment, and take them into other channels.”
For the coming year, those efforts will apply not only to the traditional Bally slot games, but to SHFL table-game entries like Let It Ride, Caribbean Stud and 3 Card Poker.
On the brick-and-mortar side, Mooberry will continue to work closely with Bryan Kelly and his “Innovation Lab,” which searches the larger world of technology for new play mechanics and other features that can be applied to Bally slots. “Bryan’s team thinks of innovative ideas that can be industry-changing, which are 24 months out and further,” he says. “We then carefully determine which of the many ideas to commercialize.”
Many of those ideas—the iDeck, the Pro Curve cabinet—have already become part of the Bally product lineup.
For 2014, Mooberry predicts the biggest news will be the rollout of the Pro Wave cabinet, which employs a 40-inch concave screen that can handle content from any other Bally setup, including the popular V32 portrait-style cabinet. Mooberry calls the new cabinet a hybrid between an upright and a slant-top, because it offers the real estate for game features of a large upright in a format that can be easily viewed from a seated position.
It’s just one more innovation that Mooberry has brought from concept to market. And it certainly won’t be the last. For Mooberry, that’s a by-product of what he calls the best supplier team in the business. “It’s the people that make Bally great,” he says, “and it’s been a great run for me.”
It’s a run that shows no signs of slowing.

SHARE ON:  TwitterFacebookLinkedIn



See More GGB Magazine Articles



U.K. Football Association Ends Online Gaming SponsorshipsLooking Under the HoodAbove & BeyondScents and DollarsGroup SolutionFinding FundingThe Frog and the SparrowPit PartyChanging the Face of the IndustryThe Millennial ProblemAGEM July 2017





















 

 


Tweets by @GlobalGamingBiz


Tweets by @GlobalGamingBiz






GAMING EVENTS CALENDAR

August 9: Emerging Leaders of Gaming Webinar: "Sports Betting: Opportunities Inside & Out of Nevada". Video webinar, produced by The Innovation Group, will feature a panel of experts. For more information, visit theinnovationgroup/emergingleaders.


August 15-17: Australasian Gaming Expo (AGE), ICC Sydney Darling Harbour. Produced by the Gaming Technologies Association. For more information, visit austgamingexpo.com.


August 15-16: Southern Front Line Leaders Conference, IP Casino Resort & Spa, Biloxi, Mississippi. Produced by Global Gaming Women. For more information, visit ggwscholarships.fluidreview.com.


September 4-6: Entertainment Arena Expo, Bucharest, Romania. Produced by Expo 24 Romania. For more information, visit earena.ro.


September 10-12: IMGL Autumn Conference, Copenhagen, Denmark. Produced by International Masters of Gaming Law. For more information, visit IMGL.org.


September 12-13: Cyprus Gaming Show, Spyros Kyprianou Centre, Limassol, Cyprus. Produced by Eventus International. For more information, visit CyprusGamingShow.com.


September 19-20: Central and Eastern European Gaming Conference & Awards, Kempinski Hotel Corvinus, Budapest, Hungary. Produced by CEGE Events. For more information, visit CEEGC.eu.


September 20-21: Seminar: "Understanding Sports Betting", University of Las Vegas' International Gaming Institute. For more information, visit Understanding Sports Betting.


September 26-28: Malta iGaming Seminar (MiGS), the Hilton, Malta. Produced by the Malta Gaming Authority. For more information, visit MaltaiGamingSeminar.com.

October 2-5: G2E, Sands Expo Center, Las Vegas. Produced by American Gaming Association and Reed Exhibitions. For more information, visit GlobalGamingExpo.com.


November 2-3: Big Africa Super Show, Emperors Palace, Johannesburg, South Africa. Produced by Eventus International Limited. For more information, visit bigafricasummit.com.


December 6-8: World Gaming Expo, Grimaldi Forum, Monaco. Produced by Monaco International Events. For more information, visit world-gaming-expo.com.


RECENT GGB MAGAZINE ISSUES

  August 2017  July 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January 2017  December 2016  November 2016 





 

RESOURCES

 Subscribe
 Advertise
 About Us - Contact
 Digital Editions




























































 








 

Scroll

GGB Magazine Podcasts


































Derik J. Mooberry: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 6:54 PM ET
Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure

Company Overview of Scientific Games Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Derik J. Mooberry  Executive VP and Group Chief Executive of Gaming, Scientific Games CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 2 different industries.45$1,563,787As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Derik J. Mooberry has been Group Chief Executive of Gaming at Scientific Games Corporation since November 2014 and serves as its Executive Vice President. Mr. Mooberry served as Senior Vice President of Games, Table-Game Products and Interactive Research & Development at Bally Technologies, Inc. since November 2013. He served as Senior Vice President of Games at Bally Technologies, Inc. and served as its Senior Vice President of Products and Operations since March ... 17, 2011. He served as Vice President of System Sales - Western North America at Bally Technologies, Inc. until March 17, 2011. He served as the Chief Operating Officer for Casino Marketplace Development Corporation, which was acquired by Bally Technologies. He has more than 20 years of gaming industry experience and is also a Certified Public Accountant in Nevada (U.S.).Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
6650 South El Camino RoadLas Vegas, Nevada 89118United StatesPhone: 702-897-7150Fax: 702-897-2284
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
Bally Technologies, Inc.


Annual Compensation
Salary$550,000Total Annual Compensation$550,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$229,159All Other Compensation$22,573Exercisable Options$8,910Exercisable Options Value$10,425Unexercisable Options$73,693Unexercisable Options Value$235,554Total Value of Options$450,254Total Number of Options$129,563
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$888,136Total Short Term Compensation$550,000Other Long Term Compensation$251,732Total Calculated Compensation$1,563,787




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationPhilip  Bowcock Chief Executive Officer and DirectorWilliam Hill plc$477.7KJürgen  Wunram Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive BoardDiebold Nixdorf Aktiengesellschaft$1.0MWilliam C. Carstanjen Chief Executive Officer and DirectorChurchill Downs Incorporated$1.0MTimothy J. Wilmott Chief Executive Officer & DirectorPenn National Gaming, Inc.$1.5MJames  Mullen Chief Executive Officer and Executive DirectorLadbrokes Coral Group plc$1.2MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Scientific Games Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























