 




Moon Capital Management LP











































                  Moon Capital Management
                


About
Careers
Contact
Investor Login




Moon Capital Management LP is a 
global alternative investment advisory firm 
headquartered in New York











About
Moon Capital Management LP ("Moon Capital") is an independent global investment management firm founded in April 2005, with origins dating from April 1997. The firm is headquartered in New York with a research and trading office in Singapore.
            
            Moon Capital’s flagship strategy focuses on global equity long/short investment with a focus on emerging markets. Moon Capital’s objective is to generate superior absolute investment returns throughout market cycles, with relatively low volatility and a low correlation to equity market indices. Moon Capital seeks a low net exposure to markets and sectors, both individually and in aggregate, and aims to produce alpha from a diversified portfolio of individual stocks.
            
            As a investment adviser registered with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission, additional information regarding Moon Capital is available at adviserinfo.sec.gov.
            










Careers
Moon Capital is growing its business and seeking to add to its team of talented professionals.  If you have a passion for investing and are interested in joining a dynamic global investment advisory firm comprising accomplished and focused individuals with an entrepreneurial spirit, please contact us today.
            
            Employment opportunities exist in all areas of the firm - research analysts, technology professionals, traders, operations specialists, and investor relations professionals.  If you are interested in joining this growing team, please contact us.
			
			To inquire about positions in our New York office, please email jobs@mooncapital.com.
			To inquire about positions in our Singapore office, please email jobsmoonsingapore@mooncapital.com.










Contact




499 Park Avenue8th FloorNew York, NY 10022United States


phone:212-652-4500
fax:212-652-4555

 

2 Battery Road
                Maybank Tower
                Singapore


phone:(65) 6511 7500
fax:(65) 6511 7501

 

email:info@mooncapital.com

 


 









Legal Disclaimer, Privacy Policy, and User AgreementMoon Capital Management LPTerms and Conditions of Use

                Thank you for visiting the Moon Capital Management LP (“Moon Capital”) website. By using this website, you agree to abide by the following terms and conditions, which constitute a legal agreement (the “Agreement”) between you and Moon Capital. If you do not accept these conditions, you may not use this website.
                Moon Capital reserves the right to modify this Agreement from time to time. We recommend that you re-visit it on occasion, in particular the terms of the Privacy Policy, to learn of new privacy practices or changes to our policies. By visiting our website after we have posted changes to these terms, you acknowledge that you are agreeing to these terms as modified.
Legal Disclaimer
                The material contained in this web site is for your private information, and Moon Capital is not soliciting any action based upon it.  Under no circumstances should any material at this site be used or considered as investment advice or as an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any security or other financial instrument, including any interest in any investment fund managed or sponsored by Moon Capital or its affiliates.  Any such offer or solicitation will be separately made only in jurisdictions in which such an offer would be lawful and only by means of the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum relating to the particular fund, which Memorandum describes risks related to such an investment and which qualifies in its entirety the information set forth at this website, and only to persons who, among other requirements, meet certain qualifications under federal securities laws and generally are sophisticated in financial matters, such that they are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of prospective investments.  
                While Moon Capital uses reasonable efforts to update the information contained in this website, Moon Capital makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of any information at the website, and the information should not be relied upon as such.  Certain economic and market information contained herein has been obtained from published sources or has been prepared by other parties.  While such sources are believed to be reliable, neither Moon Capital nor any of its affiliates assumes any responsibility for such information.  Any content of the website is subject to change without notice. 
                Password-protected portions of the website may contain performance information for the investment funds sponsored or managed by Moon Capital and/or its affiliates. Users of the website acknowledge that past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results and there can be no assurance that any Moon Capital fund will achieve comparable results in the future.
                Moon Capital does not provide legal, accounting or tax advice.  Any statement regarding legal, accounting or tax matters was written in connection with the explanation of the matters described herein and was not intended or written to be relied upon by any person as definitive advice.  Moon Capital does not waive confidentiality or privilege as a result of any information contained on this website. 
                All materials at this site are meant to be reviewed in their entirety, including any footnotes, legal disclaimers, restrictions or disclosures, and any copyright or proprietary notices. Any disclaimers, restrictions, disclosures or hedge clauses apply to any partial document or material in the same manner as they do the whole, and will be deemed incorporated in the portion of any material or document that you consult or download.
Privacy Policy
                Moon Capital respects the privacy of visitors to this website. The following information is designed to assist you in understanding what information we gather from our website, and how we handle the information once we gather it. Please note that this privacy policy applies only to this site and not to the websites of other organizations to which we may link.
Aggregate Data and Cookies. Moon Capital generally records certain usage information, such as the number and frequency of visitors to this website. This data helps us determine how much our visitors use parts of the site and to do internal research on our users’ demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand and serve you. This information may include the websites that you access immediately before and after your visit to our website, the Internet browser you are using, and your IP address. If we use such data at all, it will be on an aggregate basis, and we will not voluntarily disclose to third parties any information that could be used to identify you personally. 
Personally Identifiable Information. Please be assured that we will not collect personal identifying information about you when you visit our website, unless you choose to provide such information to us. If you voluntarily submit information to our website, for example, in a request for general information, we may record and use any personally identifiable information, such as your name and e-mail address, for reasonable business purposes including, but not limited to, fulfilling your request. 
How We May Share Your Information. We may use internal service providers to operate our website and employ other persons to perform work on our behalf, such as sending postal mail and e-mail. These persons may have access to the personally identifiable information you submit through the website, but only for the purpose of performing their duties. These persons are contractually obligated not to use or disclose your personally identifiable information for any other purpose. 
                We will not provide your personally identifiable information to any other persons without your consent, except (a) as required by law, or (b) if we are required to make disclosures to the government or private parties in connection with a lawsuit, subpoena, investigation or similar proceeding. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any such information in those circumstances.
How We Protect Your Security.
                We use industry standard technology to protect the security of your information. We also employ different security techniques to protect your personal information from unauthorized access by users inside and outside of our organization. You should be aware, however, that “perfect security” does not exist anywhere on the Internet. Although we believe we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that your personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this policy and make no representations or warranties regarding the sufficiency of our security measures. 
User Agreement
Restrictions on Use. Any person using this website is permitted to view, store, bookmark, download and print individual website pages for personal and non-commercial purposes only. These uses must not alter the original website content, including all legal notices and legends. Our prior permission is required for (i) any commercial use of materials on this website; (ii) making more than minimal copies of website materials; and (iii) copying large portions of our website, such as by bots, robots or spiders that “harvest” the website. If you seek permission for such use of our website, please contact us at 212.652.4500. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. 
Linking and Framing. We do not permit others to frame this website or any portion thereof. You may link to this website if the link does not falsely imply or suggest that we have endorsed or are affiliated with your website.  We are responsible only for the content of our own website and subject to the limitation set forth below. We are not responsible for the content of any other website.  We encourage you to review the privacy policies and user agreements of all other websites that you visit. 
Ownership. All content included on this website, such as graphics, logos, articles and other materials, is the property of our organization or others and is protected by copyright and other laws.
                All trademarks, service marks, trade names, and logos displayed on this Website are proprietary to Moon Capital and/or their respective owners. Nothing contained on the website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on this Website without the written permission of Moon Capital or such other third party that may own the trademark displayed on this Website. Your use of the trademarks displayed on this Website, except as provided herein, is strictly prohibited.
International Use. This website is operated and controlled by Moon Capital in the United States. Due to the global nature of the Internet, this website may be accessed by users in countries other than the United States. We make no warranties that materials on this website are appropriate or available for use in such locations. If it is illegal or prohibited in your country of origin to access or use this website, then you should not do so. Those who choose to access this site outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with all local laws and regulations.
Limitations of Liability. We are not responsible for any damages or injury, including but not limited to special or consequential damages, that result from your use of (or inability to use) this website, including any damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation, computer virus, line failure, or other computer malfunction. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE PROVIDE THE CONTENTS OF THIS WEBSITE ON AN “AS IS” BASIS WITH NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE AND USE OR RELIANCE UPON ANY OF THE MATERIALS ON IT IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. 
Governing Law. You agree that your use of this website, this Agreement and any disputes relating to any of them shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of New York. Any dispute relating to the above shall be resolved solely in the state or federal courts located in the City and County of New York, New York. 
Contact Information. It is important to us at Moon Capital to hear what visitors have to say regarding our services and policies. Any questions, concerns or complaints regarding this Agreement should be sent to info@mooncapital.com.
                












 




Moon Capital Management LP











































                  Moon Capital Management
                


About
Careers
Contact
Investor Login




Moon Capital Management LP is a 
global alternative investment advisory firm 
headquartered in New York











About
Moon Capital Management LP ("Moon Capital") is an independent global investment management firm founded in April 2005, with origins dating from April 1997. The firm is headquartered in New York with a research and trading office in Singapore.
            
            Moon Capital’s flagship strategy focuses on global equity long/short investment with a focus on emerging markets. Moon Capital’s objective is to generate superior absolute investment returns throughout market cycles, with relatively low volatility and a low correlation to equity market indices. Moon Capital seeks a low net exposure to markets and sectors, both individually and in aggregate, and aims to produce alpha from a diversified portfolio of individual stocks.
            
            As a investment adviser registered with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission, additional information regarding Moon Capital is available at adviserinfo.sec.gov.
            










Careers
Moon Capital is growing its business and seeking to add to its team of talented professionals.  If you have a passion for investing and are interested in joining a dynamic global investment advisory firm comprising accomplished and focused individuals with an entrepreneurial spirit, please contact us today.
            
            Employment opportunities exist in all areas of the firm - research analysts, technology professionals, traders, operations specialists, and investor relations professionals.  If you are interested in joining this growing team, please contact us.
			
			To inquire about positions in our New York office, please email jobs@mooncapital.com.
			To inquire about positions in our Singapore office, please email jobsmoonsingapore@mooncapital.com.










Contact




499 Park Avenue8th FloorNew York, NY 10022United States


phone:212-652-4500
fax:212-652-4555

 

2 Battery Road
                Maybank Tower
                Singapore


phone:(65) 6511 7500
fax:(65) 6511 7501

 

email:info@mooncapital.com

 


 









Legal Disclaimer, Privacy Policy, and User AgreementMoon Capital Management LPTerms and Conditions of Use

                Thank you for visiting the Moon Capital Management LP (“Moon Capital”) website. By using this website, you agree to abide by the following terms and conditions, which constitute a legal agreement (the “Agreement”) between you and Moon Capital. If you do not accept these conditions, you may not use this website.
                Moon Capital reserves the right to modify this Agreement from time to time. We recommend that you re-visit it on occasion, in particular the terms of the Privacy Policy, to learn of new privacy practices or changes to our policies. By visiting our website after we have posted changes to these terms, you acknowledge that you are agreeing to these terms as modified.
Legal Disclaimer
                The material contained in this web site is for your private information, and Moon Capital is not soliciting any action based upon it.  Under no circumstances should any material at this site be used or considered as investment advice or as an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any security or other financial instrument, including any interest in any investment fund managed or sponsored by Moon Capital or its affiliates.  Any such offer or solicitation will be separately made only in jurisdictions in which such an offer would be lawful and only by means of the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum relating to the particular fund, which Memorandum describes risks related to such an investment and which qualifies in its entirety the information set forth at this website, and only to persons who, among other requirements, meet certain qualifications under federal securities laws and generally are sophisticated in financial matters, such that they are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of prospective investments.  
                While Moon Capital uses reasonable efforts to update the information contained in this website, Moon Capital makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of any information at the website, and the information should not be relied upon as such.  Certain economic and market information contained herein has been obtained from published sources or has been prepared by other parties.  While such sources are believed to be reliable, neither Moon Capital nor any of its affiliates assumes any responsibility for such information.  Any content of the website is subject to change without notice. 
                Password-protected portions of the website may contain performance information for the investment funds sponsored or managed by Moon Capital and/or its affiliates. Users of the website acknowledge that past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results and there can be no assurance that any Moon Capital fund will achieve comparable results in the future.
                Moon Capital does not provide legal, accounting or tax advice.  Any statement regarding legal, accounting or tax matters was written in connection with the explanation of the matters described herein and was not intended or written to be relied upon by any person as definitive advice.  Moon Capital does not waive confidentiality or privilege as a result of any information contained on this website. 
                All materials at this site are meant to be reviewed in their entirety, including any footnotes, legal disclaimers, restrictions or disclosures, and any copyright or proprietary notices. Any disclaimers, restrictions, disclosures or hedge clauses apply to any partial document or material in the same manner as they do the whole, and will be deemed incorporated in the portion of any material or document that you consult or download.
Privacy Policy
                Moon Capital respects the privacy of visitors to this website. The following information is designed to assist you in understanding what information we gather from our website, and how we handle the information once we gather it. Please note that this privacy policy applies only to this site and not to the websites of other organizations to which we may link.
Aggregate Data and Cookies. Moon Capital generally records certain usage information, such as the number and frequency of visitors to this website. This data helps us determine how much our visitors use parts of the site and to do internal research on our users’ demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand and serve you. This information may include the websites that you access immediately before and after your visit to our website, the Internet browser you are using, and your IP address. If we use such data at all, it will be on an aggregate basis, and we will not voluntarily disclose to third parties any information that could be used to identify you personally. 
Personally Identifiable Information. Please be assured that we will not collect personal identifying information about you when you visit our website, unless you choose to provide such information to us. If you voluntarily submit information to our website, for example, in a request for general information, we may record and use any personally identifiable information, such as your name and e-mail address, for reasonable business purposes including, but not limited to, fulfilling your request. 
How We May Share Your Information. We may use internal service providers to operate our website and employ other persons to perform work on our behalf, such as sending postal mail and e-mail. These persons may have access to the personally identifiable information you submit through the website, but only for the purpose of performing their duties. These persons are contractually obligated not to use or disclose your personally identifiable information for any other purpose. 
                We will not provide your personally identifiable information to any other persons without your consent, except (a) as required by law, or (b) if we are required to make disclosures to the government or private parties in connection with a lawsuit, subpoena, investigation or similar proceeding. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any such information in those circumstances.
How We Protect Your Security.
                We use industry standard technology to protect the security of your information. We also employ different security techniques to protect your personal information from unauthorized access by users inside and outside of our organization. You should be aware, however, that “perfect security” does not exist anywhere on the Internet. Although we believe we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that your personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this policy and make no representations or warranties regarding the sufficiency of our security measures. 
User Agreement
Restrictions on Use. Any person using this website is permitted to view, store, bookmark, download and print individual website pages for personal and non-commercial purposes only. These uses must not alter the original website content, including all legal notices and legends. Our prior permission is required for (i) any commercial use of materials on this website; (ii) making more than minimal copies of website materials; and (iii) copying large portions of our website, such as by bots, robots or spiders that “harvest” the website. If you seek permission for such use of our website, please contact us at 212.652.4500. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. 
Linking and Framing. We do not permit others to frame this website or any portion thereof. You may link to this website if the link does not falsely imply or suggest that we have endorsed or are affiliated with your website.  We are responsible only for the content of our own website and subject to the limitation set forth below. We are not responsible for the content of any other website.  We encourage you to review the privacy policies and user agreements of all other websites that you visit. 
Ownership. All content included on this website, such as graphics, logos, articles and other materials, is the property of our organization or others and is protected by copyright and other laws.
                All trademarks, service marks, trade names, and logos displayed on this Website are proprietary to Moon Capital and/or their respective owners. Nothing contained on the website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on this Website without the written permission of Moon Capital or such other third party that may own the trademark displayed on this Website. Your use of the trademarks displayed on this Website, except as provided herein, is strictly prohibited.
International Use. This website is operated and controlled by Moon Capital in the United States. Due to the global nature of the Internet, this website may be accessed by users in countries other than the United States. We make no warranties that materials on this website are appropriate or available for use in such locations. If it is illegal or prohibited in your country of origin to access or use this website, then you should not do so. Those who choose to access this site outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with all local laws and regulations.
Limitations of Liability. We are not responsible for any damages or injury, including but not limited to special or consequential damages, that result from your use of (or inability to use) this website, including any damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation, computer virus, line failure, or other computer malfunction. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE PROVIDE THE CONTENTS OF THIS WEBSITE ON AN “AS IS” BASIS WITH NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE AND USE OR RELIANCE UPON ANY OF THE MATERIALS ON IT IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. 
Governing Law. You agree that your use of this website, this Agreement and any disputes relating to any of them shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of New York. Any dispute relating to the above shall be resolved solely in the state or federal courts located in the City and County of New York, New York. 
Contact Information. It is important to us at Moon Capital to hear what visitors have to say regarding our services and policies. Any questions, concerns or complaints regarding this Agreement should be sent to info@mooncapital.com.
                














Moon Capital Management LP                                                                                               - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            Moon Capital Management LP
                                    



 





















M 


Moon Capital Management LP                                                                                              
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



499 PARK AVE FL 8 NEW YORK, NY 10022
Get Directions



(212) 652-4500
www.mooncapital.com                                                                                     





Business Info



 Founded 2004
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $1,143,760.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts John Moon                                                                                                               







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Moon Capital Management Lp                                                                                               was founded in 2004. Moon Capital Management Lp                                                                                               specializes in Investment Advice. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Moon Capital Management LP – MoonWeb Client

















Login


			You are entering an area of the Moon Capital Management LP ("Moon Capital ") web site that is confidential and access is restricted solely to persons to whom Moon Capital has authorized access and issued a password.
			
			By clicking on "Login and Accept" where indicated above you hereby acknowledge, agree and represent to Moon Capital that (i) a password has been authorized and issued to you, (ii) you will maintain the confidentiality of the information provided, (iii) you will not disclose to or share with any other person in oral, electronic or written form any of the contents of the password restricted area of the Moon Capital web site and (iv) you accept the Terms and Conditions.
			



Click here if you have forgotten your password.
Click here if you have forgotten your username.
If you have not yet activated your account, please contact Investor Relations.




Username



Password

















close  Privacy Policy


		This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") sets forth Moon Capital Management LP ("Moon Capital," "we," or "us") policies regarding information we collect through the Moon Capital web site located at www.mooncapital.com ("Site") and how we use that information.
		
		Certain areas of the Site contain information intended only for registered users of the Site ("Registered Users").  Accordingly, Moon Capital reserves the right to limit certain areas of the Site to those persons who register for access to certain restricted areas of the Site and meet the qualifications imposed by us.  This Privacy Policy addresses our privacy practices relating to general use of our Site as well as its use by any Registered User (each, a "User").
		
		By using the Site or submitting information to Moon Capital, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and consent to having your data transferred to and processed in the United States in accordance with the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site. 
		
The Information We Collect
		We collect the following types of information from our Users: 
Personally Identifiable Information 
		We may receive and store any information you provide to us via the Site that would allow us to identify you or contact you, such as your name, address, phone number(s) and/or email address (collectively "Personally Identifiable Information"). The Personally Identifiable Information you provide will only be used by Moon Capital in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 
		
		Moon Capital only collects Personally Identifiable Information that you choose to share with us through your use of the Site, such as when contacting us via the Site.  We do not collect any other Personally Identifiable Information via the Site.  This Privacy Policy does not address any other information exchanges between you and Moon Capital, including information gathered by us in the course of a client relationship (if any) between a User and Moon Capital, or information gathered by us from a User on behalf of our client(s).  All Personally Identifiable Information collected by Moon Capital other than through the use of the Site is governed by Moon Capital's Annual Privacy Notice and other privacy notices provided to its clients and investors from time to time.
		Automatic Information
Aggregate Information
		If you are a Registered User, in connection with your visit to the Site, we may automatically collect Site usage information ("Usage Data").  The Usage Data gathered includes when and how often you access the Site, browser information and the computer terminal from which you accessed the Site.  Usage Data generally is collected through the use of cookies as discussed below. 
		
Cookies
		We use "cookies" to help you access and navigate the Site more efficiently and to statistically monitor how many people are using the Site.  A "cookie" is a small file or tool stored on the User's hard drive containing information that allows us to deliver customized information to you.  If you register as a Registered User, we may use cookies to store your e-mail address, user name, preferences and password so we can identify you when you return to the Site, and track your use of the Site. You may set your browser to notify you of or decline the receipt of cookies; however, certain features of the Site may not function properly or be available if your browser is configured to disable cookies. 
		
		Moon Capital uses both "session" and "persistent" cookies on the Site. Session cookies are temporary bits of information that are erased once you exit your web browser or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies are more permanent bits of information that are placed on the hard drive of your computer and stay there unless you delete the cookie. They store information on your computer for a number of reasons, such as retrieving certain information you have previously provided (i.e., username and password), helping to determine what areas of the Site you find most valuable, and customizing the Site based on your preferences on an ongoing basis.
		
E-mail Communications
		When you send an e-mail to Moon Capital, either through the "Contact Us" area of the Site or otherwise, we may retain your e-mail address and the contents of the email you send. This Privacy Policy does not apply to content, business information, ideas, concepts or inventions that you send to us by email.  Please refer to our Terms of Use for our policy with respect to such information.  If you want to keep any of this content private or proprietary, please do not send such information in an email to Moon Capital. 
		
How We Use Information
		We use information we collect to customize, analyze, adjust and improve the Site to meet our Users' needs. We may use the information to oversee adherence to our Terms of Use, to enforce our agreements with you, to prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities and for other legally permissible purposes. 
		
		If you are not a Registered User and contact Moon Capital via the Site, we will only use your Personally Identifiable Information contained in your email to respond to your specific inquiry or comments in the email. We may retain your email for a period of time, but will not use any of your Personally Identifiable Information for any purpose other than responding to your email.
		
		If you are a Registered User and are given a User ID by Moon Capital to access restricted areas of the Site, we may use your Personally Identifiable Information to send periodic service notices to you. You can always opt-out of receiving these communications from us by following the "opt-out" procedures described below.
		
		We collect, store and use Usage Data in order to measure the Site's performance and improve the Site's design and functionality.  Except for information collected identifying the specific computer terminal from which you accessed the Site, this data is only used in the aggregate, that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. If you are a Registered User, we may also use your Usage Data to determine your compliance with our Terms of Use.  
		With Whom We Share Information
		Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will not give, share, sell, or trade your Personally Identifiable Information to or with any third parties in any way other than under the following circumstances: 
		Fulfillment of Services
		We may retain other companies and individuals to perform functions consistent with our Privacy Policy on our behalf. Examples include customer support specialists, web hosting companies, and email service providers.  Such third parties may be provided with access to Personally Identifiable Information needed to perform their functions, but may not use such information for any other purpose. 
		Compliance with Law and Fraud Protection 
		We may disclose any information, including, without limitation, Personally Identifiable Information, we deem necessary, in our sole discretion and without your prior permission, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. We may also exchange information, including, without limitation, Personally Identifiable Information, with other companies and organizations for credit fraud protection, risk reduction and related activities or to protect the rights, property or safety of Moon Capital, its agents, employees or affiliates or others. Moon Capital reserves the right to disclose Personally Identifiable Information for a User who we believe is in violation of our Terms of Use, even without a subpoena, warrant, or other court order. 
		Sale or Transfer of Information 
		In the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, dissolution, or sale or transfer of substantially all of the assets of Moon Capital or the Site, Personally Identifiable Information and/or other information collected about you from the Site may be sold, assigned, or transferred to the party acquiring all or substantially all of the equity and/or assets of Moon Capital or the Site in order to permit the party to continue the operation of the Site. Subject to your ability to opt-out, by using the applicable Site and submitting your information to us, you consent to the sale and transfer of your information as described in this paragraph.   
		
		Except as described above, we will not disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to other third parties unless you have provided consent. 
		Important Disclosures, Practices and Contact Information 
Third Party Links 
		The Site may contain links to third-party web sites. Please be aware that we cannot control and are not responsible for the information collection practices of such web sites, which may differ from those of Moon Capital. We encourage you to review and understand the privacy policies of these web sites before providing any information to them. 
		Data Security 
		We maintain a variety of commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to protect your Personally Identifiable Information from unauthorized access and disclosure.  However, you should be aware that Moon Capital has no control over the security of other sites on the Internet you might visit or interact with even when a link may appear to said site from ours. 
		
		Although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information, searches, or other communications will always remain secure. In the event of a breach of the confidentiality or security of your personal information, we will notify you as necessary and if possible so you can take appropriate protective steps. We may notify you under such circumstances using the email address(es) we have on record for you, and if you did not provide an email address, by regular mail. 
		Children 
		The Site is not intended for children under 13. Further, we do not knowingly market to, solicit information, accept service or collect information from children under the age of 13. If a child under 13 submits information about his or herself to us through any part of the Site, and we become aware that the person submitting the information is a child, we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible. 
		Accessing, Updating or Deleting Your Personally Identifiable Information 
		If you are a Registered User and would like to review, update or delete your Personally Identifiable Information, please send us a such request via email to investorrelations@mooncapital.com.   However, please note that we may continue to contact you to provide service to your account.  
		Changes to this Privacy Policy 
		We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the updated date at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy, we will notify Users by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Site at least thirty (30) days prior to the changes taking effect. We will also provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of any materially changed Privacy Policy.  After the changes take effect, all newly collected Personally Identifiable Information will be subject to the terms of the revised Notice ("Revised Notice") and all previously collected Personally Identifiable Information will be handled in accordance with your response to our opt-in notice (in accordance with the Revised Notice if you opt in and in accordance with the previous Notice if you do not opt in).  We recommend that you check the Site from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy. 
		Contacting Us 
		If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Site, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations personnel, either by e-mail to investorrelations@mooncapital.com or by telephone at (212) 652-4500. 
		Users From Outside the United States 
		The Site is hosted in the United States. The Site is governed by United States law. If you are visiting the Site from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Site, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy. 
		California Privacy Rights Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 
		If you are a resident of California ("California Users"), in addition to the rights set forth in this Privacy Policy, you generally have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of Personally Identifiable Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. However, under the law, a business is not required to provide this information if it adopts and discloses to the public (in its privacy policy) a policy of not disclosing  a customer's personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure, as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy. Rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying California Users of their rights to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise that right. As stated above, we do not share such Personally Identifiable Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. California Users may request further information about our compliance with this law by emailing investorrelations@mooncapital.com. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address.
		Opt-Out Choices
		To "opt-out" of receiving communications from Moon Capital (except for communications necessary for your use of the Site), or any other consent previously granted for a specific purpose concerning your Personally Identifiable Information, send an email to Moon Capital at investorrelations@mooncapital.com.
		No Rights of Third Parties
		This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties. 
		
		Moon Capital Management LP
		499 Park Avenue
		New York, New York 10022
		(212) 652-4500
		www.mooncapital.com
		E-mail:  investorrelations@mooncapital.com





close  Terms and Conditions

1. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND ACCEPTANCE.
			Moon Capital Management LP ("Moon Capital") provides the Moonweb Client site (the "Moonweb Client Site"), a restricted portion of the publicly accessible Moon Capital website located at www.mooncapital.com, to current investors in funds managed by Moon Capital.  The Moonweb Client Site is owned and operated by Moon Capital and is being provided under these Moonweb Client Terms of Use, and any operating rules, policies, and procedures that may be published from time to time on Moonweb Client Site by Moon Capital (collectively, the "Terms"). 
			
			PLEASE READ THE TERMS CAREFULLY.  BY CHECKING THE "I AGREE" BOX AT THE BOTTOM OF THE TERMS, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS ON BEHALF OF THE REGISTERED USER (AS DEFINED BELOW) AND REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND THE REGISTERED USER TO THE TERMS.  IF THE REGISTERED USER IS NOT WILLING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS, DO NOT CHECK THE "I AGREE" BOX AND DO NOT ACCESS THE MOONWEB CLIENT SITE.
			
2.	ELIGIBILITY.
			(a)	The Moonweb Client Site is available to individuals, corporations and other business entities (each a "Registered User") that can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. A Registered User may designate groups of one or more designated employees or representatives (each, an "Authorized User") who will be authorized to access and use the Moonweb Client Site as designated by the Registered User in writing to Moon Capital.  The Registered User and its Authorized Users may access and use the Moonweb Client Site solely for purposes of obtaining information related to the Registered User's or its clients' investments in investment funds managed by Moon Capital and solely in accordance with the Terms.  An Authorized User shall be considered to be acting on behalf of the Registered User at all times.  All Authorized Users must comply with the Terms.  The Registered User shall be responsible for ensuring its Authorized Users' compliance with the Terms and will be liable for its Authorized Users' breach of the Terms or otherwise in connection with the Authorized Users' use of the Moonweb Client Site.  All references to the Registered User herein shall be deemed to include such Registered User's Authorized Users. 
			
			(b)	In the event that an Authorized User is no longer an authorized representative of the Registered User (whether due to termination of employment or representation or otherwise), the Registered User shall notify Moon Capital immediately and in writing, of the removal of such person as the Authorized User and the appointment of a new Authorized User for the Registered User, if any, as well as the effective date of any such renewal or appointment.  Upon issuance of a reply notice by Moon Capital acknowledging the change in the Registered User's authorization records, such former Authorized User shall no longer be considered to be acting on behalf of the Registered User.  Moon Capital will be entitled to rely on any notice received by it from the Registered User.
			3.	CHANGES TO THE MOONWEB CLIENT SITE.
			Moon Capital may modify or discontinue the Moonweb Client Site, any portion thereof, or any content, services, tools, digital products, products, events or courses related thereto with or without notice to the Registered User and without liability to the Registered User or any third party.
			4.	REGISTRATION.
			In order to access and use the Moonweb Client Site, the Registered User must: (a) provide all equipment, including a computer and modem, necessary to establish a connection to the World Wide Web; (b) provide for the Registered User's own access to the World Wide Web; (c) pay any telephone or other service fees associated with such access; (d) provide certain current, complete, and accurate information, including physical address and email address for such about the Registered User and its Authorized Users as prompted to do so by Moon Capital (the "User Registration Information"); and (e) maintain and update such User Registration Information as required to keep such information current, complete and accurate.
			5.	ACCOUNT PASSWORD AND SECURITY.
			Access to and use of the Moonweb Client Site is through a combination of a user ID and password.  The Registered User shall designate one or more administrators, who shall act on the Registered User's behalf in authorizing Authorized Users, as well as controlling additions, deletions, and replacements of Authorized Users (each an "Administrator").  Moon Capital shall assign to each Authorized User a unique user ID and password to access the Moonweb Client Site. Each user ID and password combination shall be restricted to a limited number of computers, workstations or specified terminals (the "Designated Terminals") and an Authorized User can only access the Moonweb Client Site from one of the Designated Terminals.  The Registered User and each Authorized User are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on the Registered User's account, and the Registered User and its Authorized Users must keep all account passwords secure.  Each of Moon Capital and the Registered User shall: (a) take reasonable steps to prevent the unauthorized use and disclosure of any password or user ID, (b) immediately notify the other party of any breach of security or unauthorized use of the Registered User's password or user ID, and (c) take any steps within its reasonable control to prevent any further unauthorized use.  
			6.	PRIVACY POLICY.
			Moon Capital will treat any personally identifiable information provided to it by the Registered User in accordance with its privacy policy located at www.mooncapital.com. 
			7.	REGISTERED USER CONDUCT.
			(a)	The Registered User agrees (i) to abide by all applicable local, state, national, and international laws and regulations in the Registered User's use of the Moonweb Client Site; (ii) not to impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent the Registered User's affiliation with a person or entity; (iii) not to use the Moonweb Client Site to collect or harvest personal information, including, without limitation, financial information, about other Registered Users or the Moonweb Client Site; (iv) not to post, promote or transmit through the Moonweb Client Site any unlawful, harassing, libelous, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, hateful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable material of any kind or nature; (v) not to interfere with another Registered User's use and enjoyment of the Moonweb Client Site; (vi) not to upload or distribute in any way files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer; (vii) not to interfere or disrupt networks connected to the Moonweb Client Site; and (viii) not to disclose the Registered User's or its Authorized Users' password to third parties or use the Registered User's or its Authorized Users' password for any unauthorized purpose.  
			
			(b)	Moon Capital shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the Registered User's use of the Moonweb Client Site to determine compliance with the Terms and to satisfy any law, regulation or authorized government request.  Moon Capital may, at any time without prior notice, temporarily limit or suspend in whole or in part the Registered User's access to the Moonweb Client Site and take reasonable actions to mitigate damages to Moon Capital or other third parties if the Registered User (or any of its Authorized Users) has engaged in conduct or activities prohibited by the Terms or has violated any applicable law.  Moon Capital shall not have any liability to the Registered User or to any third party in respect of any limitation or suspension of the Registered User or an Authorized User's access to the Moonweb Client Site.  
			
			(c)	Please do not send unsolicited ideas or materials regarding the Moonweb Client Site ("Submissions") to Moon Capital through or using the Moonweb Client Site.  If, despite this request, the Registered User still sends a Submission to Moon Capital through the Moonweb Client Site, the Registered User grants to Moon Capital, a worldwide, non-exclusive, sub-licensable (through multiple tiers), assignable, fully paid-up royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right to use, reproduce, distribute (through multiple tiers), create derivative works of, publicly perform, publicly display, digitally perform, make, have made, sell, offer for sale, and import such Submissions in any media now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation.  None of the Submissions shall be subject to any obligation, whether of confidentiality, attribution or otherwise, on Moon Capital's part, all Submissions will be deemed non-confidential, and Moon Capital shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Submissions.  Any unsolicited hard-copy Submissions sent to Moon Capital will not be acknowledged or returned and shall be deemed, and shall remain, the property of Moon Capital.  By submitting any such Submission, the Registered User represents to Moon Capital that it has the right to do so.
			8.	LINKS.
			The Moonweb Client Site may provide links to other web sites or resources.  Moon Capital is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources.  Moon Capital shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, products or services available on such external sites or resources.
			9.	LICENSE GRANT; CONTENT; PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.
			(a)	Subject to the Terms, Moon Capital hereby grants to the Registered User a nonexclusive, nontransferable right to (i) access the Moonweb Client Site; and (ii) access and view the information, materials, research, studies, reports text, graphics, images, sound files, video files and any other material made available through the Moonweb Client Site (the "Content").  In the event that the Registered User or any Authorized User wishes to print any Content, or to modify the Content to create customized reports related to the Registered User's investments ("Custom Reports"), the Registered User must notify Moon Capital (in accordance with Section 19) and obtain Moon Capital's consent.  If Moon Capital consents to the Registered User's request to create a Customer Report from the Content, Moon Capital will modify the Content to create the Custom Report and make it available to the Registered User through the Moonweb Client Site.  If Moon Capital consents to the Registered User's request to print any Content (including a Custom Report), Moon Capital will enable printing functionality for such Content to permit the Registered User to print such Content from the Moonweb Client Site and only from the Designated Terminals. The Content and the Custom Reports may only be used for the purpose specified in Section 1 above.   Custom Reports shall be deemed to be "Content" for purposes of the Terms.  Moon Capital Intellectual Property" means: (i) the registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks, registered and registered copyrights of Moon Capital, including, without limitation, "MOONWEB" and "MOONWEBCLIENT" ("Moon Capital Marks"); (ii) the Content including the Custom Reports and any copies, presentations, summaries, modifications or derivative works created therefrom, in whatever media or format; (iii) software, hardware, technology, implementation tools, documentation, text, typefaces, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, designs, illustrations, configurations, displays, screens, concepts, and other materials and information appearing on, displayed in connection with, embodied in or contained within the Moonweb Client Site, or as may be provided by Moon Capital; (iv) Moon Capital Confidential Information (as defined in Section 10 below); and (v) any and all Registered User feedback, evaluation results, reports of errors, problems or defects and suggestions related to the Moonweb Client Site or the Content. 
			
			(b)	All Moon Capital Intellectual Property is the sole and exclusive property of Moon Capital or its licensors and is protected by copyright, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary agreements and laws.  The Registered User and each Authorized User is only permitted to use the Moon Capital Intellectual Property solely as expressly authorized under the Terms.  The Terms do not transfer any right, title, or interest in the Moonweb Client Site, or the Moon Capital Intellectual Property to the Registered User or any Authorized User.  The Registered User will protect the Moon Capital Intellectual Property from unauthorized copying or use.  Any use of the Moonweb Client Site or the Moon Capital Intellectual Property not expressly permitted by the Terms is a breach of the Terms and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws.  All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Moon Capital.  Except as expressly permitted in the Terms the Registered User shall not, directly or indirectly, nor shall it authorize others to: (i) share passwords and user IDs; (ii) circumvent any encrypted data or gain access to more materials or data than was licensed or use the Moonweb Client Site in any manner which violates the Terms or any applicable laws; (iii) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or translate any portion of the Moonweb Client Site, or the Moon Capital Intellectual Property, including the Content; (iv) transfer, sell, rent, lease, license, sublicense, grant any rights in, transfer, distribute, time-share or otherwise assign to any third party any portion of the Moonweb Client Site or the Moon Capital Intellectual Property, or use the Moonweb Client Site or any of the Moon Capital Intellectual Property to operate a time sharing service, service bureau or perform services for third parties; or (v) copy, reproduce, translate, disclose, distribute, display, perform, transmit, publish, license, post, frame, mirror on another web site, adapt, edit, create derivative works of, translate, or otherwise modify the Content or any other Moon Capital Intellectual Property.  Without limiting the foregoing, the Registered User agrees not to display, reproduce, or otherwise use in any manner the Moon Capital Marks without Moon Capital's prior written permission. 
			The Registered User agrees not to remove or alter any printed or on-screen copyright, trade secret or other legal notices contained on or in the Content.  Any special rules for the use of certain software and other Content accessible on the Moonweb Client Site may be included elsewhere within the Moonweb Client Site and are incorporated into the Terms by reference.  
			
			(c)	Some areas of the Moonweb Client Site contain Content specific to the Registered User and these pages may only be accessed by the specific Registered User and its Authorized Users, subject to the Terms.  No other person may access those pages on the Moonweb Client Site or the Content displayed on such pages.
			
			(d)	The Registered User is not entitled to in any way use the Content or the Custom Reports for the benefit of, or permit the Content or the Custom Reports to be used or accessed by, any third parties other than such of the Registered User's clients that are also Registered Users and solely in the manner and to the extent permitted by the Terms.  Upon request, the Registered User will provide Moon Capital with evidence of compliance with this Section 9.  
			10.	CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.
			(a)	"Confidential Information" means any information disclosed by Moon Capital on the Moonweb Client Site or otherwise which is or should be reasonably understood by the Registered User to be confidential or proprietary to Moon Capital, including, but not limited to, trade secrets, data, know-how, statistical data, financial data or projections, forecasts, business practices or policies, research projects, reports, development and marketing plans, strategies, or other business information that is not generally known or available to the public.  The Registered User expressly agrees that the Moonweb Client Site, and the Content, and the terms and conditions of, and any documentation related to the Moonweb Client Site are, as between Moon Capital and the Registered User, the Confidential Information of Moon Capital.  
			
			(b)	The Registered User will protect the confidentiality of Moon Capital's Confidential Information in the same manner as it protects its own Confidential Information.  The Registered User agrees, for itself and its Authorized Users to protect the confidentiality of any Confidential Information of Moon Capital in its possession and accepts liability for any breach of this Agreement by its Authorized Users or any other agents or employees of the Registered User.  The Registered User agrees that it will only use Moon Capital's Confidential Information as permitted by the Terms and that it will not disclose to any third party any Confidential Information of Moon Capital which may come into its possession.  The Registered User may disclose such Confidential Information of Moon Capital only to its Authorized Users.
			
			(c)	The Registered User may disclose Confidential Information pursuant to the requirements of applicable law, legal process or government regulation, provided that it gives Moon Capital reasonable prior written notice to permit Moon Capital to contest such disclosure.  Disclosure of Moon Capital's Confidential Information pursuant to the requirements of applicable law, legal process or government regulation, shall not constitute publication or otherwise alter the character of that information as Confidential Information as between the parties hereunder.  
			
			(d)	The parties agree that any breach or threatened breach of the foregoing confidentiality obligations by the Registered User or its Authorized Users may cause not only financial harm, but irreparable harm to Moon Capital; and that money damages may not provide an adequate remedy.  In the event of a breach or threatened breach of this Section 10 by the Registered User, Moon Capital shall, in addition to any other rights and remedies it may have, be entitled to seek an injunction restraining the Registered User or its Authorized User from disclosing or using, in whole or in part, any Confidential Information of Moon Capital.
			11.	DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.
			THE REGISTERED USER EXPESSSLY AGREES THAT THE USE OF THE MOONWEB CLIENT SITE IS AT THE REGISTERED USER'S SOLE RISK.  THE MOONWEB CLIENT SITE AND ALL MATERIALS RELATED TO THE MOONWEB CLIENT SITE INCUDING ALL CONTENT, SOFTWARE, AND INFORMATION ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND.  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, MOON CAPITAL DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABLITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, QUIET ENJOYMENT, ACCURACY, INTEGRATION, COMPLETENESS OR TIMELINESS AS WELL AS ALL WARRANTIES ARISING BY USAGE OF TRADE, COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE.  MOON CAPITAL MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE MOONWEB CLIENT SITE WILL MEET THE REGISTERED USER'S REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE MOONWEB CLIENT SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR FREE OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE MOONWEB CLIENT SITE [OR CONTENT] WILL BE CORRECTED, NOR DOES MOON CAPITAL MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE MOONWEB CLIENT SITE OR AS TO THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY CONTENT OR ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE MOONWEB CLIENT SITE.
			
			THE CONTENT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL AND EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY.  NO CONTENT PROVIDED IS INTENDED TO BE USED AS, OR SHOULD BE CONSTRUED AS PROVIDING, THE PRIMARY BASIS FOR AN INVESTMENT DECISION OR AS REFLECTING RECOMMENDATIONS TAKING INTO ACCOUNT INDIVIDUALIZED REQUIREMENTS.  ANY INVESTMENT CARRIES WITH IT RISK.  PAST PERFORMANCE DOES NOT AND CANNOT GUARANTEE FUTURE RESULTS.  MOON CAPITAL DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OR LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR ACTIONS THE REGISTERED USER OR ITS AUTHORIZED USERS MAY TAKE AS A RESULT OF ACCESS TO THE MOONWEB CLIENT SITES.  ALTHOUGH CONTENT IS GATHERED FROM SOURCES MOON CAPITAL CONSIDERS RELIABLE, MOON CAPITAL DOES NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, EFFICACY OR USE OF SUCH CONTENT.  NEITHER ACCESS TO NOR USE OF THE MOONWEB CLIENT SITE OR ANY CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN ARE INTENDED AS OR SHALL CONSTITUTE (A) ANY INVESTMENT ADVICE OR ADVERTISEMENT, (B) AN OFFER, OR A SOLICITATION OF ANY OFFER, BY MOON CAPITAL FOR THE PURCHASE OR SALE OF ANY INVESTMENT, SECURITIES OR OTHER PROPERTY, OR (C) A REPRESENTATION THAT ANY INVESTMENT, SECURITY OR OTHER PROPERTY IS SUITABLE FOR THE REGISTERED USER OR OTHERS.
			
			ANY CONTENT, MATERIAL OR DATA DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE MOONWEB CLIENT SITE IS DONE AT THE REGISTERED USER'S OWN DISCRETION AND RISK.  MOON CAPITAL HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY AND THE REGISTERED USER WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE, FOR ANY DAMAGE TO THE REGISTERED USER'S COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OR USE OF SUCH MATERIAL OR DATA.  NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY THE REGISTERED USER FROM MOON CAPITAL OR THROUGH THE MOONWEB CLIENT SITE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN.
			SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO THE REGISTERED USER.
			12.	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
			MOON CAPITAL IS A PROVIDER OF AN INTERACTIVE COMPUTER SERVICE WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE COMMUNICATIONS DECENCY ACT (TITLE 47, UNITED STATES CODE) SECTION 230, AND RESERVES ALL RIGHTS GRANTED UNDER SUCH LAW.  MOON CAPITAL SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO THE REGISTERED USER OR ANY AUTHORIZED USER TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE PROPERTY, TRANSACTION LOSSES, OPPORTUNITY COSTS, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS OR COSTS OF PROCURING SUBSTITUTE GOODS) RESULTING FROM, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THE MOONWEB CLIENT SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE MOONWEB CLIENT SITE, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, DELETION OR ALTERATION OF THE REGISTERED USER'S DATA, OR FAILURE OF THE MOONWEB CLIENT SITE TO STORE THE REGISTERED USER'S DATA, EVEN IF MOON CAPITAL HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.   FURTHER, MOON CAPITAL WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO: (A) INTEROPERABILITY, ACCESS OR INTERCONNECTION OF THE MOONWEB CLIENT SITE WITH APPLICATIONS, EQUIPMENT, SERVICES, CONTENT, OR NETWORKS PROVIDED BY CUSTOMER OR THIRD PARTIES; (B) ERRORS, DEFECTS, DELAYS, OR INTERRUPTIONS; (C) LOST OR ALTERED MESSAGES OR TRANSMISSIONS; OR (D) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR THEFT, ALTERATION, LOSS, OR DESTRUCTION OF CUSTOMER'S, ITS AFFILIATES', REGISTERED USERS', OR THIRD PARTIES' APPLICATIONS, CONTENT, DATA, PROGRAMS, CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, NETWORK, OR SYSTEMS.  
			
			MOON CAPITAL PERIODICALLY SCHEDULES SYSTEM DOWNTIME FOR MAINTENANCE AND OTHER PURPOSES.  UNPLANNED SYSTEM OUTAGES ALSO MAY OCCUR.  MOON CAPITAL SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR (1) THE RESULTING UNAVAILABILITY OF THE MOONWEB CLIENT SITE; (2) ANY LOSS OF DATA OR TRANSACTIONS CAUSED BY PLANNED OR UNPLANNED SYSTEM OUTAGES; (3) THE RESULTANT DELAY, MISDELIVERY OR NONDELIVERY OF INFORMATION CAUSED BY SUCH SYSTEM OUTAGES; OR (4) ANY THIRD PARTY ACTS OR ANY OTHER OUTAGES OF WEB HOST PROVIDERS, INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDERS OR THE INTERNET FACILITIES AND NETWORKS.
			
			IN EACH CASE, THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS ARE INTENDED TO APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE CLAIM OR ACTION, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT (INCLUDING FUNDAMENTAL BREACH), TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEN, UNFORESEEN OR FORESEEABLE.  EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH ABOVE ARE A CONDITION OF THE OTHER PARTY ENTERING INTO THE TERMS AND ARE REFLECTED IN THE FEES OR OTHER COMPENSATION, IF ANY, BEING CHARGED TO THE REGISTERED USER FOR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE MOONWEB CLIENT SITE.
			
			SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.  ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO THE REGISTERED USER.
			13.	NO RESALE OF THE SERVICE.
			The Registered User's right to use the Moonweb Client Site is limited solely to the Registered User and the Registered User's Authorized Users.  The Registered User will not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell or resell the Moonweb Client Site, the Content or any Custom Reports, without the express written consent of Moon Capital.  The Registered User's right to use the Custom Reports or to obtain the benefit of any service that may be provided through the Moonweb Client Site, is personal to the Registered User.  The Registered User agrees not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, exploit or make any commercial use of, nor permit anyone other than Authorized Users to access the Moonweb Client Site, Content or the Custom Reports, and in no event, whether or not commercial in nature, shall the Registered User make any use of the Content or Custom Reports for the benefit of any third party.  No third party shall be entitled to obtain direct or indirect access to the Moonweb Client Site, any Content or any Custom Reports unless and until they have entered into their own agreements with Moon Capital to obtain and govern such access.
			14.	INDEMNIFICATION.
			The Registered User will indemnify, defend and hold harmless Moon Capital, its parents, subsidiaries, members, partners, affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, successors and assigns, from all claims, demands, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees), arising out of (a) any breach of the Terms by the Registered User or its Authorized Users, or (b) the negligence or willful misconduct of the Registered User or its Authorized Users.  
			15.	TERMINATION AND EFFECT.
			(a)	Each of the Registered User and Moon Capital may terminate the Terms at any time for any reason, on written notice to the other party.  Moon Capital may also, at its sole discretion, immediately terminate the Terms and the Registered User's access to the Moonweb Client Site should the Registered User's conduct fail to conform to any provision of the Terms.  Moon Capital shall not be liable to the Registered User or any third party for any such termination.  
			
			(b)	Moon Capital may terminate any Registered User's account without notice at its sole discretion if a Registered User has been inactive for a period of six (6) months.  A Registered User will be defined as inactive if the Registered User or its Authorized Users have not logged into the Moonweb Client Site with the applicable user name and password.
			
			(c)	Upon termination of this Agreement, the Registered User's right to use the Moonweb Client Site and any Content shall immediately cease.  Sections 9 through 14, 21, 22, 23 and 26 shall survive any termination or expiration of the Terms. 
			16.	INTEGRATION.
			The Terms constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters contemplated hereby.
			17.	MODIFICATION.
			Moon Capital may modify the Terms from time to time.  Upon any modification to the Terms, Moon Capital will provide the Registered User with notice of the modification and will post the modified Terms on the Moonweb Client Site, together with a description of the modifications made. The modified Terms will be effective immediately upon its posting on the Moonweb Client Site.  The Registered User's continued use of the Moonweb Client Site after the posting of the modified Terms on the Moonweb Client Site constitutes the Registered User's agreement to abide and be bound by such terms, as modified.  Should the Registered User object to any modification, the Registered User's sole recourse is to exercise its right to terminate this Agreement in accordance with Section 15 above.  The Terms may not otherwise be modified, except in a writing signed by both parties.  
			18.	WAIVERS.
			No delay or failure on the part of either party in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof or of any other right or remedy.  No waiver whatsoever shall be valid unless in writing, signed by the party to be charged, and then only to the extent therein set forth. 
			19.	NOTICES.
			Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be made under the Terms may be delivered in person, by facsimile transmission, by United States certified or registered mail, by a nationally-recognized overnight courier or, as provided below, by electronic means.  Except as otherwise provided herein, a notice shall be effective (i) upon receipt, if delivered in person, (ii) upon receipt (confirmed by automatic answer back or like evidence of receipt), if sent by telecopier during normal business hours at the office of the recipient thereof and otherwise at the opening of business at such recipient's office on the next Business Day, (iii) three (3) days after deposit into the United States mail, if sent by certified or registered mail, (iv) at 11:00 a.m. on the next business day, if sent by overnight courier and (v) as provided below, if sent by electronic means.  In each case, such notice to any party shall be made to the address of such party indicated (1) in the case of Moon Capital, below, or (2) in the case of the Registered User, in its Registered User Information provided in accordance with Section 4 above.  Either party may from time to time change its address for receiving notices in writing, or its electronic address, by posting a change of address on the Moonweb Client Site or by sending a notice to the other party in writing or by electronic means promptly confirmed in a writing.  Any notice or other communication to be made hereunder, even if otherwise required to be in writing under other provisions of the Terms, may alternatively be made in an electronic record transmitted electronically to the email addresses set forth (a) in the case of Moon Capital, below, or (b) in the case of the Registered User, in its Registered User Information provided in accordance with Section 4 above.  Any notice or other communication made in electronic form will have the same legal effect and enforceability as if made in non-electronic form.  Moon Capital may also broadcast notices or messages on this Moonweb Client Site, or other matters of importance; such broadcasts shall constitute notice to the Registered User.  
			20.	ASSIGNMENT.
			The Registered User shall not assign or otherwise transfer the Terms, in whole or in part, or delegate or subcontract any of its rights or obligations hereunder.  Any attempted transfer or delegation by the Registered User without Moon Capital's consent will be void.  The Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of each party's successors and permitted assigns.
			21.	GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION.
			The Terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without reference to principles of conflicts of law.  The parties hereto hereby consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any local, state or federal court located within the State of New York.  The parties waive personal service of any and all process and agree that all such service of process may be made by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, directed to such party, at the address (a) if Moon Capital is the recipient, set forth below and (b) if the Registered User is the recipient, set forth in its Registered User Information provided in accordance with Section 4 above.  TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUIT OR PROCEEDING ARISING UNDER OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.
			22.	FORCE MAJEURE.
			Moon Capital will not be liable for any delay, failure in performance, loss or damage due to fire, explosion, cable cuts, power blackout, earthquake, flood, strike, embargo, labor disputes, acts of civil or military authority, war, terrorism, acts of God, acts of a public enemy, acts or omissions of carriers or suppliers, acts of regulatory or governmental agencies, or other causes beyond Moon Capital's reasonable control.
			23.	THIRD PARTIES.
			The Terms shall confer no rights upon any other party other than the parties hereto.
			24.	PARTIAL INVALIDITY.
			The invalidity or unenforceability of any one or more provisions of the Terms shall not affect the validity or enforceability of its remaining provisions.
			25.	SECTION HEADINGS.
			Captions are for the ease of reference only and shall not affect the meaning of the relevant provisions.  
			26.	USERS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES.
			The Moonweb Client Site is controlled and offered by Moon Capital from its facilities in the United States of America.  Moon Capital makes no representations that the Service or the Moonweb Client Site is appropriate or available for use in other jurisdictions.  If you are a non-U.S. resident and access this Moonweb Client Site, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws and regulations.
			27.	ACKNOWLEDGMENT.
			The Registered User acknowledges that the Registered User has read and understands the Terms, and that the Terms have the same force and effect as a signed agreement.
			
			Moon Capital Management LP
			499 Park Avenue, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10022
			Phone: 212-652-4500
			Fax: 212-652-4501
			Email: investorrelations@mooncapital.com
Updated: 04/30/2010




Privacy Policy  |  Terms and Conditions© Copyright 2010 Moon Capital Management LP














 




Moon Capital Management LP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 5:40 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Moon Capital Management LP



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Moon Capital Management LP is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm launches and manages hedge funds for its clients. It invests in alternative investments markets across the globe. Moon Capital Management was founded in 1997 and is based in New York City with an additional office in Singapore.


499 Park AvenueNew York, NY 10022United StatesFounded in 1997



Phone: 212-652-4500

Fax: 212-652-4555

www.mooncapital.com







Key Executives for Moon Capital Management LP




Mr. John W. Moon


      	Founder
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Moon Capital Management LP, please visit www.mooncapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close











































Moon Capital Management Lp - Financial Services Firm, New York, NY - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Moon Capital Management Lp





Moon Capital Management Lp



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Moon Capital Management Lp









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Moon Capital Management Lp is a RIA based in New York, NY with $2B in AUM . John Walter Moon is the majority owner of the firm and has been in this role with the firm since 2004.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   New York, NY 




# OF EMPLOYEES
44


Total Assets
$1,554,863,521



Website







Location
        



499 Park Ave


New York,
NY
10022


212-652-4500









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




Name

Assets





iShares Gold Trust

$32,858,000


VanEck Vectors Gold Miners ETF

$664,000


VanEck Vectors Junior Gold Miners ETF

$640,000



















Assets







Assets
Last updated on Aug. 20, 2016





$1.6B
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






8

          
Accounts
          


$194.4M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
0






There are no advisors from this firm to display at this time.





















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





A/T Capital Management Limited
              
IAR
              
$0
              


Moon Capital Advisers LLC
              
--
              
--
              


Moon Capital Singapore Pte. Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





John Walter Moon

Chief Executive Officer, Founder, Portfolio Manager; Owner And Managing Member Of Moon Capital Advisers Llc
      
December, 2004
      
75% or more
      


Ian Ellis Lindsay

Chief Operating Officer
      
December, 2004
      
less than 5%
      


Roger James Insley

Chief Financial Officer
      
July, 2008
      
less than 5%
      


David Sobol

General Counsel And Chief Compliance Officer
      
October, 2011
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Performance-Based Fees


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations











































BrightScope | Advisor Pages - Find a Financial Advisor or Advisory Firm 































































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans









































































General Search










Advisors
Advisory Firms
Financial Q&A
401k Plans
Funds


Search










Home  >  BrightScope Advisor Pages  >  Find a Financial Advisory Firm
    




Advisor Search
Firm Search
Advisors by City


    
        Find a Financial Advisory Firm
    





Search




Firm Name







Active firms only





City



State


Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Marinara Islands
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Firm Service Areas



Financial Planning



Estate Planning



Comprehensive Financial Planning



Retirement Planning



College Planning



Charitable Planning



Other Financial Planning



Tax Planning





Insurance



Life Insurance



Health Insurance



Long-Term Care Insurance



Annuities



Property & Casualty Insurance



Business Insurance



Other Insurance





Pension Consulting



401k



403b



457



Defined Benefit



Other Pension Consulting





Portfolio Management



Individuals and/or Small Businesses



Investment Companies



Businesses or Institutional Clients



Other Portfolio Management





Accounting & Tax



Tax Advice



Other Tax





Legal



Legal Planning



Legal Advice



Other Legal





Other



Publication of Periodicals or Newsletters



Security Ratings or Pricing Services



Market Timing Services



Selection of Other Advisors



Educational seminars/workshops







See All Service Areas

	                Find
	            





Filters

/financial-planning/find/firm/



Compensation Arrangements



No Preference



Fixed Fees (14,443)



Hourly Charges (12,495)



Performance-Based Fees (6,652)



None (3,395)



Fee Only (75)






Assets Under Mgmt.



No Preference



0 - 100K (22,016)



1M - 10M (4,727)



10M - 100M (9,351)



100M - 500M (5,819)



1B - 10B (2,643)






Avg Account Balance



No Preference



0 - 100K (24,588)



100K - 500K (11,252)



500K - 1M (3,089)



1M - 10M (3,576)



10M - 100M (2,702)






Financial Advisory Firm Search Results


48,015 results










Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
Ny, NY



34,595 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $639.6B











Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC
St. Louis, MO



26,659 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $409.7B











J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
Manhattan, NY



25,624 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $81.6B











Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC
Harrison, NY



24,260 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $598.5B











LPL Financial LLC
Boston, MA



18,587 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $117.2B











Edward D. Jones & Co., L.P.
Des Peres, MO



18,673 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $204.2B











Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc.
Minneapolis, MN



14,077 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $198.0B











UBS Financial Services Inc.
Weehawken, NJ



12,619 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $391.7B











Northwestern Mutual Investment Services,LLC
Milwaukee, WI



9,126 Advisors











Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
South Beach, CA



7,891 Advisors











Mml Investors Services, LLC
Pine Point, MA



7,846 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $25.6B











Goldman, Sachs & Co.
Ny, NY



7,642 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $198.8B











Strategic Advisers, Inc.
Boston, MA



6,968 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $254.0B











Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
New York, NY



6,930 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $20.2B











Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
St. Petersburg, FL



6,385 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $125.0B









1
2
3
4
5



















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations








































Moon Capital Management Lp - Financial Services Firm, New York, NY - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Moon Capital Management Lp





Moon Capital Management Lp



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Moon Capital Management Lp









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Moon Capital Management Lp is a RIA based in New York, NY with $2B in AUM . John Walter Moon is the majority owner of the firm and has been in this role with the firm since 2004.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   New York, NY 




# OF EMPLOYEES
44


Total Assets
$1,554,863,521



Website







Location
        



499 Park Ave


New York,
NY
10022


212-652-4500









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




Name

Assets





iShares Gold Trust

$32,858,000


VanEck Vectors Gold Miners ETF

$664,000


VanEck Vectors Junior Gold Miners ETF

$640,000



















Assets







Assets
Last updated on Aug. 20, 2016





$1.6B
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






8

          
Accounts
          


$194.4M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
0






There are no advisors from this firm to display at this time.





















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





A/T Capital Management Limited
              
IAR
              
$0
              


Moon Capital Advisers LLC
              
--
              
--
              


Moon Capital Singapore Pte. Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





John Walter Moon

Chief Executive Officer, Founder, Portfolio Manager; Owner And Managing Member Of Moon Capital Advisers Llc
      
December, 2004
      
75% or more
      


Ian Ellis Lindsay

Chief Operating Officer
      
December, 2004
      
less than 5%
      


Roger James Insley

Chief Financial Officer
      
July, 2008
      
less than 5%
      


David Sobol

General Counsel And Chief Compliance Officer
      
October, 2011
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Performance-Based Fees


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations














































MOON CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






MOON CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP






499 PARK AVENUE, NEW YORK,  New York, 10022, (212) 652-4567


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
33


New Positions
9


Increased Positions
20


Decreased Positions
13


Positions with Activity
33


Sold Out Positions
6


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
327



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy



Basic Materials



Industrials
0.63%


Consumer Cyclicals
33.04%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
20.07%


Financials
29.49%


Healthcare



Technology
6.46%


Telecommunication Services
10.31%


Utilities










Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






33 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



WAL-MART STORES INC
COM
53,806
34,227
174.82
699,776


FIDELITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL IN
FNFV GROUP COM
47,755
18,291
62.08
2,920,805


ISHARES GOLD TRUST
ISHARES
44,077
-38
(0.09)
3,648,770


DOLLAR TREE INC
COM
28,598
10,577
58.69
412,790


VEON LTD
SPONSORED ADR
26,520
4,972
23.07
6,613,349


DELPHI AUTOMOTIVE PLC
SHS
19,558
-17,080
(46.62)
216,109


CHICOS FAS INC
COM
16,587
16,587
New
1,930,929


EBAY INC
COM
15,969
-17,281
(51.97)
438,945


GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBR CO
COM
11,535
-10,614
(47.92)
328,073


ANHEUSER BUSCH INBEV SA/NV
SPONSORED ADR
10,520
4,472
73.93
92,470


FORD MTR CO DEL
COM PAR $0.01
7,727
7,407
2,318.28
684,397


AUTONATION INC
COM
7,443
-816
(9.88)
173,695


TELEFONICA BRASIL SA
SPONSORED ADR
7,217
-209
(2.82)
498,068


TENNECO INC
COM
4,604
3,953
607.37
79,600


DOLLAR GEN CORP NEW
COM
3,682
3,682
New
51,147


LULULEMON ATHLETICA INC
COM
3,343
3,343
New
53,900


HIMAX TECHNOLOGIES INC
SPONSORED ADR
2,797
2,797
New
324,499


GRIDSUM HLDG INC
ADR REPSG CL B
2,354
140
6.35
288,519


YUM BRANDS INC
COM
2,334
2,334
New
31,290


SPDR SERIES TRUST
S&P RETAIL ETF
1,928
1,928
New
48,500




<< first< previous12next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            United Community Banks, Inc. Announces Second Quarter Earnings
                        



	                     5:30AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Another note of caution on European stocks as Credit Suisse says euro strength could bite
                        



	                     5:19AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Indonesia closer to mining deal with Freeport, but hurdles remain
                        



	                     5:14AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            U.S. regulatory scrutiny scuppers deal for unit of China's HNA
                        



	                     4:58AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            EXCLUSIVE-Banks dealing EU sovereign debt may be dragged out of London
                        



	                     4:33AM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


































﻿







Moon Capital Management Lp – Octafinance


















































 








Wednesday, 26 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds » Moon Capital Management Lp 

Moon Capital Management Lp 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Moon Capital Management Lp and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/moon-capital-management-lp/.CaptchaSubmit






Portfolio Q32016Market Value:$265,097,000Previous Mkt Value:$258,805,000Chg Mkt Value %:2.43 % Sentiment:BullishTurnover %:16.84 %




Stocks ActivityNew Purchases:9Additional Purchases:5Sold out:11Reduced:21Top 10 Holdings %:82.99%






John W. Moon – Moon Capital Management Lp Portfolio Holdings
13F Report Date: 9/30/2016



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 




                    1		

                    IAU - ISHARES GOLD TRUST		

                    IAU		

                    45,133		

                    3,556,561		

                    17.03		

                    17.30		

                    2.08		

                    1.37		

                    48,013		

                    Up		

                    MATERIALS		

                    0.17		



                    2		

                    DLPH - DELPHI AUTOMOTIVE PLC		

                    DLPH		

                    34,002		

                    476,752		

                    12.83		

                    15.00		

                    1.57		

                    -23.12		

                    -143,380		

                    Down		

                    INDUSTRIALS		

                    0.15		



                    3		

                    VIP - VIMPELCOM LTD		

                    VIP		

                    33,513		

                    9,630,159		

                    12.64		

                    6.40		

                    1.54		

                    125.71		

                    5,363,625		

                    Up		

                    UTILITIES & TELECOMMUNICATIONS		

                    0.15		



                    4		

                    WMT - WAL-MART STORES INC		

                    WMT		

                    23,485		

                    325,633		

                    8.86		

                    0.00		

                    1.08		



                    325,633		

                    New		

                    CONSUMER STAPLES		

                    0.09		



                    5		

                    FNFV - FIDELITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL		

                    FNFV		

                    18,359		

                    1,471,089		

                    6.93		

                    6.58		

                    0.85		

                    -0.94		

                    -13,971		

                    Down		

                    FINANCE		

                    0.07		



                    6		

                    TAILORED BRANDS INC		



                    18,163		

                    1,156,852		

                    6.85		

                    5.68		

                    0.84		

                    -0.29		

                    -3,359		

                    Down		

                    CONSUMER DISCRETIONARY		

                    0.20		



                    7		

                    GT - GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBR CO		

                    GT		

                    17,636		

                    546,003		

                    6.65		

                    6.01		

                    0.81		

                    -9.91		

                    -60,053		

                    Down		

                    OTHER		

                    0.11		



                    8		

                    SIG - SIGNET JEWELERS LIMITED		

                    SIG		

                    14,559		

                    195,343		

                    5.49		

                    0.00		

                    0.67		



                    195,343		

                    New		

                    INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY		

                    0.05		



                    9		

                    F - FORD MTR CO DEL		

                    F		

                    7,576		

                    627,665		

                    2.86		

                    0.13		

                    0.35		

                    2254.51		

                    601,007		

                    Up		

                    HEALTH CARE		

                    0.00		



                    10		

                    AMX - AMERICA MOVIL SAB DE CV		

                    AMX		

                    7,550		

                    660,000		

                    2.85		

                    0.76		

                    0.35		

                    312.50		

                    500,000		

                    Up		







                    11		

                    MBLY - MOBILEYE N V AMSTELVEEN		

                    MBLY		

                    5,320		

                    124,980		

                    2.01		

                    2.55		

                    0.25		

                    -12.69		

                    -18,167		

                    Down		







                    12		

                    TPX - TEMPUR SEALY INTL INC		

                    TPX		

                    5,049		

                    88,984		

                    1.90		

                    8.30		

                    0.23		

                    -77.09		

                    -299,416		

                    Down		







                    13		

                    AAPL - APPLE INC		

                    AAPL		

                    4,974		

                    44,000		

                    1.88		

                    0.00		

                    0.23		



                    44,000		

                    New		







                    14		

                    YNDX - YANDEX N V		

                    YNDX		

                    4,771		

                    226,639		

                    1.80		

                    0.00		

                    0.22		



                    226,639		

                    New		







                    15		

                    KORS - MICHAEL KORS HLDGS LTD		

                    KORS		

                    3,883		

                    82,998		

                    1.46		

                    0.00		

                    0.18		



                    82,998		

                    New		







                    16		

                    RH - RESTORATION HARDWARE HLDGS I		

                    RH		

                    3,511		

                    101,533		

                    1.32		

                    1.26		

                    0.16		

                    -10.60		

                    -12,041		

                    Down		







                    17		

                    GRIDSUM HLDG INC		



                    3,370		

                    200,000		

                    1.27		

                    0.00		

                    0.16		



                    200,000		

                    New		







                    18		

                    HBI - HANESBRANDS INC		

                    HBI		

                    2,211		

                    87,548		

                    0.83		

                    0.00		

                    0.10		



                    87,548		

                    New		







                    19		

                    SIMO - SILICON MOTION TECHNOLOGY CO		

                    SIMO		

                    2,155		

                    41,603		

                    0.81		

                    0.77		

                    0.10		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    20		

                    HIMX - HIMAX TECHNOLOGIES INC		

                    HIMX		

                    2,021		

                    235,294		

                    0.76		

                    0.00		

                    0.09		



                    235,294		

                    New		







                    21		

                    VANECK VECTORS ETF TR		



                    1,631		

                    36,824		

                    0.62		

                    0.61		

                    0.08		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    22		

                    GM - GENERAL MTRS CO		

                    GM		

                    1,441		

                    45,362		

                    0.54		

                    7.13		

                    0.07		

                    -93.05		

                    -607,068		

                    Down		







                    23		

                    VANECK VECTORS ETF TR		



                    1,413		

                    53,472		

                    0.53		

                    0.57		

                    0.07		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    24		

                    EVGN - EVOGENE LTD		

                    EVGN		

                    958		

                    150,100		

                    0.36		

                    0.36		

                    0.04		

                    0.44		

                    656		

                    Up		







                    25		

                    DAN - DANA INCORPORATED		

                    DAN		

                    903		

                    57,906		

                    0.34		

                    6.18		

                    0.04		

                    -96.18		

                    -1,456,995		

                    Down		







                    26		

                    DFRG - DEL FRISCOS RESTAURANT GROUP		

                    DFRG		

                    666		

                    49,448		

                    0.25		

                    0.37		

                    0.03		

                    -25.22		

                    -16,677		

                    Down		







                    27		

                    TEN - TENNECO INC		

                    TEN		

                    618		

                    10,599		

                    0.23		

                    0.19		

                    0.03		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    28		

                    NUTANIX INC		



                    226		

                    6,100		

                    0.09		

                    0.00		

                    0.01		



                    6,100		

                    New		







                    29		

                    AAP - ADVANCE AUTO PARTS INC		

                    AAP		

                    0		

                    0		

                    0.00		

                    0.69		

                    0.00		

                    -100.00		

                    -11,054		

                    Sold All		







                    30		

                    COST - COSTCO WHSL CORP NEW		

                    COST		

                    0		

                    0		

                    0.00		

                    1.62		

                    0.00		

                    -100.00		

                    -26,778		

                    Sold All		







                    31		

                    DKS - DICKS SPORTING GOODS INC		

                    DKS		

                    0		

                    0		

                    0.00		

                    0.29		

                    0.00		

                    -100.00		

                    -16,659		

                    Sold All		







                    32		

                    EBAY - EBAY INC		

                    EBAY		

                    0		

                    0		

                    0.00		

                    6.81		

                    0.00		

                    -100.00		

                    -753,046		

                    Sold All		







                    33		

                    FMX - FOMENTO ECONOMICO MEXICANO S		

                    FMX		

                    0		

                    0		

                    0.00		

                    0.85		

                    0.00		

                    -100.00		

                    -23,668		

                    Sold All		







                    34		

                    GPI - GROUP 1 AUTOMOTIVE INC		

                    GPI		

                    0		

                    0		

                    0.00		

                    0.84		

                    0.00		

                    -100.00		

                    -44,159		

                    Sold All		







                    35		

                    HAIN - HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP INC		

                    HAIN		

                    0		

                    0		

                    0.00		

                    0.80		

                    0.00		

                    -100.00		

                    -41,359		

                    Sold All		







                    36		

                    KSS - KOHLS CORP (CALL)		

                    KSS		

                    0		

                    0		

                    0.00		

                    0.58		

                    0.00		

                    -100.00		

                    -39,700		

                    Sold All		







                    37		

                    MFRM - MATTRESS FIRM HLDG CORP		

                    MFRM		

                    0		

                    0		

                    0.00		

                    0.39		

                    0.00		

                    -100.00		

                    -30,399		

                    Sold All		







                    38		

                    JWN - NORDSTROM INC (CALL)		

                    JWN		

                    0		

                    0		

                    0.00		

                    0.29		

                    0.00		

                    -100.00		

                    -20,000		

                    Sold All		







                    39		

                    PAG - PENSKE AUTOMOTIVE GRP INC		

                    PAG		

                    0		

                    0		

                    0.00		

                    0.69		

                    0.00		

                    -100.00		

                    -56,692		

                    Sold All		










MOON CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Sector Weightings & New Holdings






Top 5 New BuysWal8.86%Signet Jewelers Limited5.49%Apple Inc1.88%Yandex N V1.80%Michael Kors Hldgs Ltd1.46%




13F Sector AllocationConsumer Discretionary20 %Materials17 %Industrials15 %Utilities & Telecommunications15 %Other11 %






MOON CAPITAL MANAGEMENT AUM, Portfolio Value and Historical 13F
John W. Moon’s Moon Capital Management Lp had $2.17 billion assets under management as of Monday, January 26, 2015. The historical portfolio values of the hedge fund were: 
$190,517,000 in 2013Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$165,222,000 in 2013Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$170,726,000 in 2014Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$175,812,000 in 2014Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$156,016,000 in 2014Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$157,044,000 in 2014Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$175,288,000 in 2015Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$178,515,000 in 2015Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$170,250,000 in 2015Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$187,382,000 in 2015Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$220,807,000 in 2016Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$258,805,000 in 2016Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$265,097,000 in 2016Q3 – 13F Filing Available
Subsidiaries/Series: JWM Capital LLC, Moon John W
*Institutional Portfolio Holdings information is filed by institutions with over $100 million in AUM on form 13F with the SEC.
*% AUM is the stock or security value as a percentage of the assets under management. AUM is taken from the latest fund filed SEC Adv. 
*The portfolio holdings report is limited to stocks and stock options of common and other shares, convertible preferred and convertible bonds. The report does not include cash, real estate and fixed income securities.
*Sentiment could be wrong because the fund might have increase or decrease its portfolio because of investments inflow or because an increase in short positions.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?























﻿







Hedge Funds – Octafinance



















































 








Wednesday, 26 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds 

Hedge Funds 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Hedge Funds and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/.CaptchaSubmit
Hedge Funds Database
In our Free Hedge Funds Database we have listed more than 4000+ hedge funds and institutional investors. You can see the fund’s summary, employees, AUM, portfolio values, historical 13F, current portfolio, holdings, new positions, sector weights, sentiment, turnover, top 10 holdings and more.
What is a Hedge Fund? A Closer Look at Hedge Funds.
There are plenty of investment vehicles that financially savvy individuals can think about investing in or tracking. The hedge fund is just one of those, but it is also the one that is worth looking at. There’s an air of mystery about this type of investment vehicle, but it is not always a tough nut to crack. What investors need to do is to educate themselves on what hedge funds are and to understand what risks they should expect to expose their investments to.
How Do Hedge Funds Work?
Hedge funds are considered as viable alternatives to the existing forms of investment on the financial markets. However, it is not open to every individual investor. Rather, the funds are more ideal for people and institutions that have significant amount of assets that they want to be managed and grown. Managers typically pool together the assets of their clients to create a unified fund, and then they make their trades and investments using that single fund.
It is theoretically similar to mutual funds, but they differ in the techniques. That’s the reason why it’s not open to individual investors. There are significant risks involved – aside from traditional investment vehicles like the popular mutual funds and stock market options as well as bonds, hedge fund managers lean more towards high risk but sophisticated trading techniques to realize significant profits for their clients’ portfolio.
Adding to the risk exposure is the fact that hedge funds are not as closely regulated as the other financial instruments. Hedge fund managers are not always required to make filings and reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission, but that’s on a case to case basis. If the assets are large enough, the SEC will require reports. Hedge fund managers, however, are bound by law to protect their clients’ investments or face anti-fraud measures.
A Brief History of Hedge Funds
Hedge funds have a very long history. People and institutions began investing in this vehicle at the early 21st century. The funds never lost popularity over time. Before the recession hit, there was a total value of US$1.93 trillion being managed by hedge fund managers worldwide. The industry had a brief hiccup afterwards, because of the sub-prime mortgage crisis, but it eventually recovered. This is a testimony to how popular hedge funds really are, and how much investors are willing to trust their assets to managers.
Hedge fund assets totaled $2 trillion worldwide by April 2011, just three years after the crisis burst. By the third quarter of 2014, the worldwide value of assets under management or AUM is at $2.38 trillion and may continue to grow in the next years.
Hedge Fund Strategies
Hedge fund managers do not subscribe to a single strategy but, rather, they employ a combination of various strategies. It is not uncommon to find hedge fund managers putting some of the money in their management to purchase securities derivatives.
There are, however, some popular strategies that hedge fund managers acknowledge and use. Hedge fund managers will exercise any strategy and option within their discretion in response to several factors in the market.
Here are some of the strategies that hedge fund managers could use, either by itself or in tandem with other techniques in managing assets:

Global macro

This type of strategy relies on identifying macroeconomic events that take place around the world to make investment decisions. Managers generally look at the big picture globally to identify potential entry points for profitable investments. The Global Macro approach leverages multiple markets, and managers will employ long and short investment strategies to maximize profits from volatile market movements. This approach is very flexible, and very diversified as well because there are many variations of sub-strategy under this umbrella.

Directional

The directional strategy does not pay too much attention to what is happening to markets on a global basis. Instead, directional strategy dictates that fund managers look at each individual market movement when picking ideal investments. A typical action under this strategy is to invest in equities with an eye for the long term, and to couple that position with short-term buying and selling to hedge against risk.

Event-driven

Hedge fund managers following this philosophy are focused in following corporate events and leveraging their assets to earn from the market movement influenced by these occurrences. For instance, company consolidations and mergers can make possible upward movements in price. Event-driven hedge fund management will typically take positions before or after such events take place in order to leverage and earn profits from the price movements that occur. Even bankruptcy declarations can also spur action from event-driven hedge fund managers.

Relative value

Relative event hedge fund management focuses on finding price discrepancies and investing on those. This is the most technical of all the four management strategies discussed so far. Analysis is very comprehensive and somewhat holistic, as there are many types of analysis carried out under this strategy to identify the profitable price discrepancies.
How Do Hedge Fund Managers Approach Risk?
As mentioned above, hedge funds are not advisable for all types of investors because of the amount of risk involved in their operation. That is where risk mitigation comes in. In fact, managers operating in the hedge fund industry are described as being the most meticulous – they use the most stringent and the most precise means of protecting investments against the risks that the volatility of the market brings.
The most common method of reducing the risk exposure of managed assets is to diversify. The entirety of the funds used to set up the hedge funds are split between various investments, and varying investment positions. For instance, some of the funds may be put into long-term positions in low-risk, low-return funds that can steadily gain in the passage of time.
A portion of the funds may be invested in high-risk, high-return investment positions that the hedge fund manager may monitor in the short term, taking into consideration the risk factor and market environment.
In addition, hedge fund companies may employ risk officers. These are not people who are directly involved in trading, but have knowledge in how markets work. These risk officers will focus on identifying long and short-term risks to the assets under management, and will then work on creating a comprehensive risk management strategy that will be applied by the hedge fund managers for their managed assets.
Other techniques for managing risk in hedge funds include using risk management methodologies as well as operational due diligence.
Offshore and Onshore Hedge Funds
Because of their popularity and the global nature of their investment, hedge fund managers can be found all over the world. There are two types of hedge fund management companies, and they are the onshore and offshore hedge fund managers. Their differences lie mainly in the levying of tax on the investors’ earnings.
Offshore hedge fund managers give their investors the advantage of minimal tax consequences. For example, US-based investors who enjoy tax exemptions on their investments, particularly in retirement funds, will turn to offshore hedge funds. This helps them avoid being taxed for their income from the hedge funds.
On the other hand, if offshore hedge funds invest in instruments and securities in the United States, they can expect the US government to slap withholding taxes on their investments. However, there are no capital gains tax involved here – this is to make sure that offshore investors are not double-taxed for any increase on the value of their assets. Only their local jurisdiction has the legal right to levy any taxes on the investors for gains they see from their investments.
The presence of both onshore and offshore hedge management funds make the taxation more flexible and more personalized according to each investor’s personal expectations in taxation. In addition, it encourages global investment because of the measures imposed specifically to avoid the horrors of double-taxation – a common fear among investors who have eyes on diversifying globally.
Prominent Centers of Investment
The United States remains the center of global hedge fund management. 70% of the hedge fund managers that oversee the progress of global funds are based in the United States. The Securities and Exchange Commission has in its registry nearly 4,000 financial experts, as of April 2012, who handled management of hedge funds. These are found across the US, but most of them are based in New York City and Connecticut’s Gold Coast.
As for European hedge funds, London is the home of the managers with over 800 of them found in the city. In 2011, these firms were responsible for managing 85% of the hedge fund assets from continental Europe.
There is a growing market in Asia, particularly in Japan. Growing economic centers Hong Kong and Singapore are also experiencing a growth in hedge fund assets under management, but it will be some time before they achieve the demand in hedge fund managers enjoyed by the US and London in Europe. In fact, most of the hedge funds from Asia are managed by offshore companies based in these two centers.
Hedge Fund Industry – Assets Under Management




(USD Billions)
4rd Qtr 2014
3rd Qtr 2014
2nd Qtr 2014
1st Qtr 2014


Hedge Funds
$2478.6B
$2380.5B
$2339.4B
$2259.9B


Funds of Funds
$448.3B
$457.0B
$462.5B
$485.4B


Sectors






Convertible Arbitrage
$29.5B
$30.6B
$31.2B
$31.1B


Distressed Securities
$180.1B
$177.1B
$170.2B
$162.4B


Emerging Markets
$272.9B
$274.3B
$271.2B
$256.1B


Equity Long Bias
$208.8B
$203.1B
$200.9B
$194.6B


Equity Long/Short
$199.4B
$193.4B
$200.2B
$204.4B


Equity Long-Only
$130.5B
$125.2B
$125.2B
$116.8B


Equity Market Neutral
$43.4B
$37.9B
$34.1B
$32.2B


Event Driven
$290.9B
$285.1B
$275.6B
$251.0B


Fixed Income
$377.5B
$380.4B
$373.1B
$339.9B


Macro
$204.0B
$195.1B
$192.5B
$195.1B


Merger Arbitrage
$31.3B
$32.3B
$28.5B
$24.8B


Multi-Strategy
$276.1B
$264.2B
$254.0B
$276.5B


Other
$96.2B
$115.4B
$115.4B
$128.6B


Sector Specific
$138.1B
$131.7B
$132.2B
$127.6B



Hedge Funds are not the only alternative way to invest in the investment universe. A different class of investment are Managed Futures.

 
Commodity trading advisors are these that provide managed futures accounts or funds and they have very different return profile and correlations than hedge funds. Managed Futures offer a good way to diversify hedge fund or other traditional investments and in some cases could also offer lower minimum investment requirements. Because hedge funds are usually stock picking and don’t provide crisis alpha, managed funds which do, are a good way to avoid painful market correction.
Hedge Fund News
We offer completely free hedge fund news on more than 4000+ funds and their managers. Read about their traders, portfolios, strategies and returns. Don’t forget to also visit our hedge fund returns section where we have ranked the top 60 hedge funds by annualized returns since inception and listed their trading strategies and styles.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?Futures NewsVictor Sperandeo Believes the Risk/Reward for Commodities Is 1/10. Recommends 5%-10% Allocation: iPath Bloomberg Commodity exchange-traded note (DJP)For Commodities, It’s 2008 All Over Again. 18 of the 22 components in the Bloomberg Commodity Index have dropped at least 20%Morgan Stanley Joins’s Gold Bearish Camp And Sees The Possibility of Gold Decreasing to $800 Per OunceRussian Majors Rosneft, Gazprom and Lukoil sit pretty at US$60/bblFour Houston oil companies among Goldman Sachs’ picks for likely acquisition targets : EOG Resources (NYSE:EOG), Noble Energy (NYSE:NBL), Anadarko Petroleum (NYSE:APC) and Cabot Oil & Gas (NYSE:COG)






















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














moon capital management lp - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Searches related tomoon capital management lp



monyei capital management


moonrise capital


moon capital management llc


monon capital



half moon capital


monon capital llc


moonrise knoxville tn


moon investments




Web Results

Moon Capital Management LP

mooncapital.com


About. Moon Capital Management LP ("Moon Capital") is an independent global investment management firm founded in April 2005, with origins dating from April 1997.



MoonWeb Client - Moon Capital



Moon Capital Management, LP - Credio

investment-advisors.credio.com/l/38581


Find details on Moon Capital Management in New York, New York. View assets, client details, advisory activities, registration status, disclosures and more.


Moon Capital Management LP: Private Company Information ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Moon Capital Management LP company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Moon Capital Management Lp - BrightScope

https://www.brightscope.com/.../firm/946057/Moon-Capital-Management-Lp


Contact Moon Capital Management Lp or view Moon Capital Management Lp's ratings, investment advice, financial planning and insurance services, and get detailed ...


MOON CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP Institutional Portfolio ...

www.nasdaq.com/.../moon-capital-management-lp-734922


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages ...


Moon Capital Management Lp – Octafinance

www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/moon-capital-management-lp


John W. Moon and Moon Capital Management Lp 2015 stock holdings and portfolio. Moon Capital Management Lp performance, aum, news, profile and returns. Tracking and ...


MOON CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP Top Holdings - whalewisdom.com

https://whalewisdom.com/filer/moon-capital-management-lp


Detailed Profile of MOON CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP portfolio of holdings. SEC Filings include 13F quarterly reports, 13D/G events and more.


Moon Capital Management LP - New York , NY - Company ...

https://www.dandb.com/businessdirectory/mooncapitalmanagementlp...


Find the Moon Capital Management LP business profile in New York ...


Moon Capital Management LP 499 Park Ave New York, NY ...

https://www.mapquest.com/.../moon-capital-management-lp-351548807


Get directions, reviews and information for Moon Capital Management LP in New York, NY.



Searches related tomoon capital management lp



monyei capital management


moonrise capital


moon capital management llc


monon capital



half moon capital


monon capital llc


moonrise knoxville tn


moon investments




12345Next






Answers







Davidson Kempner Capital Management



Davidson Kempner Capital Management is a global institutional investment management firm with approximately $25.4 billion in assets under management as...

more






Lemelson Capital Management



Lemelson Capital Management is a United States-based global investment management company founded in 2012 by Emmanuel Lemelson who is also a Greek...

more






Highfields Capital Management



Highfields Capital Management LP is a hedge fund founded in 1998 which had assets in excess of $10 billion in 2011, per a report in Absolute Return +...

more










moon capital management lp News






Texan Capital Management Takes Position in EQT Midstream Partners, LP...



Stockwatch - Cyprus Front Page

 - Jul 23


Texan Capital Management bought a new position in EQT Midstream Partners, LP (NYSE:EQM) during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange...

more





Raub Brock Capital Management LP Buys Guggenheim BulletShares 2019...



GuruFocus News

 - 21 hrs ago


Larkspur, CA, based Investment companyRaub Brock Capital Management LP buys Guggenheim BulletShares 2019 Corporate Bond, sells Toro Co during the 3-months ended 2017-06-30, according to the most...

more





Private Capital Management Inc Buys Energy Transfer Partners LP,...



GuruFocus News

 - Jul 20


Investment companyPrivate Capital Management Inc buys Energy Transfer Partners LP, Dover Corp, Envision Healthcare Corp, PowerShares DB USD Index Bullish, Charles Schwab Corp, Signature Bank,...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network











Moon Capital Management LP




Redirecting.  Click here if your browser fails to redirect you to the client website.


Moon Capital Management - Midtown East - 0 tips


FoursquareLog InSign UpNearby:Get inspired:Top PicksTrendingFoodCoffeeNightlifeFunShoppingPlanning a trip to New York?Foursquare can help you find the best places to go to.Find great things to doMoon Capital ManagementOfficeMidtown East, New YorkSaveShareTipsPhotos 1Moon Capital ManagementNo tips and reviewsLog in to leave a tip here.PostNo tips yetWrite a short note about what you liked, what to order, or other helpful advice for visitors.1 PhotoRelated Searchesmoon capital management new york  moon capital management new york photos  moon capital management new york location  moon capital management new york address  moon capital management new york  moon capital management new york  moon capital management midtown east new yorkAboutBlogBusinessesCitiesDevelopersHelpJobsCookies (Updated)Privacy (Updated)TermsEnglishEnglish Français Deutsch Bahasa Indonesia Italiano 日本語 한국어 Português Русский Español ภาษาไทย Türkçe Cities:AtlantaAustinBostonChicagoDallasDenverHoustonLas VegasLos AngelesNew YorkPhiladelphiaPortlandSan DiegoSan FranciscoSeattleWashington, D.C.Countries:BelgiumBrazilCanadaChileFinlandFranceGermanyGreat BritainHungaryIndonesiaJapanMexicoNetherlandsPhilippinesRussiaSingaporeSpainThailandTurkeyMore Great Places in New York:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz#Foursquare © 2017  Lovingly made in NYC & SFMoon Capital Management499 Park AveNew York, NY 10022United StatesGet directions See MoreUnited States » New York » New York » Midtown EastProfessional & Other Places » OfficeIs this your business? Claim it now.Make sure your information is up to date. Plus use our free tools to find new customers.You must enable JavaScript to use foursquare.comWe use the latest and greatest technology available to provide the best possible web experience.Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings to continue.Download Foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you! 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.


















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


