


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















Master Data Management (MDM) Advisory & Implementation




















































Contact us






 
(888) 534-9650






About Us

Mission & History
Partners
Leadership Team
Careers
News & Events
Newsletter Sign Up


Blog
Our Clients






  
 
 



Services
Solutions
MENU
MDM Advisory
MDM Implementation
MDM Performance
Contact Us
  
 






 

 
 

Thank You.To our employees and customers. Ideosity recognized by Inc. 5000 in “Fastest Growing Private Companies” 3 years straight.Learn More About IdeosityCross the finish line with ease.With Ideosity's end-to-end services.Start Your Journey With AdvisoryOngoing expert support to help youget more out of your PIM and MDM systemLearn more about IdeoCARE  
 



IdeosityData Mastered





End-to-end Master Data Management Solutions
 
Our services combined with MDM and PIM technologies
eliminates obstacles, mitigates risk and creates business improvements
throughout your entire data mastering journey.





MDM Advisory
Strategy and planning lay the groundwork for a successful PIM or MDM implementation.



MDM Implementation
PIM and MDM specific methodology for maximum value and minimum risk.



MDM Performance
Make the most of your PIM and MDM system with performance technology and support.




A Leader In MDM/PIM Consulting



60+ MDM/PIM projects across small, medium and large enterprises.
Broadest experience across a variety of leading platforms and technologies.
Robust services to support the entire journey from concept to realization and ongoing.


 

Our Approach


Eliminating Risk by relying on our ADVISORY services.
Our IMPLEMENTATION approach aims at deriving faster ROI and greater value from your MDM platform.
Benefit from Ideosity’s unique PERFORMANCE services, technology and ongoing expert support.



 


 





Navigation

Advisory
Implementation
Performance
Careers
Our Clients
Blog
About Us


 
Contact Us
Ideosity, Inc. 
205 W. Main Street 
West Dundee, IL 60118
Ideosity Canada, Ltd. 
1 Yonge Street, 
Suite 1801 
Toronto, ON M5E 1W7
p: (888) 534-9650
f: (312) 256-9156

 About Ideosity
Partner with Ideosity for your digital transformation for Advisory, Implementation, and Performance services. Our approach combined with PIM (Prod­uct Information Management)
and MDM (Master Data Management) technologies eliminates obstacles, mitigates risk and creates business improvements throughout your entire da­ta-mastering journey.
 







  
 

© 2017 Ideosity, All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 




















Moore Capital Management, LP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 5:42 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Moore Capital Management, LP



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Moore Capital Management, LP is an employee owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It invests in public equity, fixed income, and alternative investment markets across the globe. The firm employs fundamental analysis to make its investments. Moore Capital Management, LP was founded in 1989 and is based in New York City with additional offices in London, United Kingdom.


1251 Avenue of the Americas53rd FloorNew York, NY 10020United StatesFounded in 1989



Phone: 212-782-7000

Fax: 212-782-7194

www.moorecap.com







Key Executives for Moore Capital Management, LP




Mr. Louis Moore Bacon


      	Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
      


Age: 61
        







Mr. Mildred Elaine Crocker


      	President and Director
      








Mr. Anthony Joseph Deluca


      	Chief Financial Officer and Director
      


Age: 54
        







Mr. Scott Martin Lawin


      	Chief Operating Officer and Director
      








Mr. Richard Andrew Axilrod


      	Managing Director and Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Moore Capital Management, LP Key Developments

Moore Capital Management, LP Presents at UBS European Conference 2015, Nov-10-2015 09:00 AM
Nov 7 15
Moore Capital Management, LP Presents at UBS European Conference 2015, Nov-10-2015 09:00 AM. Venue: The Landmark London Hotel, 222 Marylebone Road, London NW1 6JQ, United Kingdom. Speakers: Lawrence R. Vitale, Security Analyst.


Moore Capital Presents at UBS European Conference 2015, Nov-10-2015 12:00 PM
Nov 7 15
Moore Capital Presents at UBS European Conference 2015, Nov-10-2015 12:00 PM. Venue: The Landmark London Hotel, 222 Marylebone Road, London NW1 6JQ, United Kingdom. Speakers: Gene Frieda, Global Strategist.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      April 24, 2017
			    
Katerra Inc.



Private Placement

			      March 30, 2017
			    
Katerra Inc.



Merger/Acquisition

			      March 20, 2017
			    
Capitol Acquisition Corp. III





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Moore Capital Management, LP, please visit www.moorecap.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



















































Moore Capital Management, LP                                                                                             - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Management Services



Management Services



                            Moore Capital Management, LP
                                    



 





















M 


Moore Capital Management, LP                                                                                            
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



11 TIMES SQ STE 36 NEW YORK, NY 10036
Get Directions



(212) 782-7000
 





Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $38,673,631.00
 Employee Count 100
 Industries Management Services
 Contacts Louis Moore Bacon                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Moore Capital Management, Lp                                                                                             is located at 11 Times Sq Ste 36 in New York and has been in the business of Management Services since 2008. 









VERIFIED Status:
VERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    10 - 20 - 2016
                                



Phone:

                                    VERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















	MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP Trademark of MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP. Serial Number: 85477686 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP










 
Get FREE email alerts













MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP  Trademark Information
 MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP
Financial services, namely, investment portfolio management, trading in financial instruments, investment management, and financial research




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         investment   portfolio   management      trading   financial   instruments      investment   management      financial   research    
                                    




This is a brand page for the MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP trademark by MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP 
                                in New York, NY, 10020.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP of the MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP trademark.
                           






On Monday, November 21, 2011,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP by 
                        MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP, New York, NY  10020.
                        The USPTO has given the MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP 
                        trademark serial  number of  85477686.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP is 
                        
                        
                                            DAVID C. LEE of 
                                            AKIN GUMP STRAUSS HAUER & FELD LLP,  1333 NEW HAMPSHIRE AVE NW STE 400, WASHINGTON, DC 20036-1564 
                                .
                            The MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP 
                            is Financial services, namely, investment portfolio management, trading in financial instruments, investment management, and financial research. 
                            





Word mark:
 MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

7/31/2012

Estimated Renewal Deadline: July 31, 2018See Trademark Renewal Services




  Serial Number:  
85477686


  Filing Date:  
11/21/2011


 Registration Number:  
4182466 


 Registration Date:  
7/31/2012


 Goods and Services: 
Financial services, namely, investment portfolio management, trading in financial instruments, investment management, and financial research


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of the words "MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP" in black between two black lines, with three vertical bars in green to the right in ascending order.


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
5/15/2012


Last Applicant/Owner:

MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LPNew York, NY  10020
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Three or more rectangles (Geometric figures and solids   -  Rectangles) see more design...


                                                    Rectangles that are completely or partially shaded (Geometric figures and solids   -  Rectangles) see more design...


                                                    Straight line(s), band(s) or bar(s)  (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...


                                                    Horizontal line(s), band(s) or bar(s)  (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP")


 Correspondent:


DAVID C. LEE
AKIN GUMP STRAUSS HAUER & FELD LLP
1333 NEW HAMPSHIRE AVE NW STE 400
WASHINGTON, DC 20036-1564






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
1/1/1995


First Use In Commerce: 
1/1/1995





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/31/2012
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



DAVID C. LEE


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search moorecapitalmanageme on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP 




MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP is providing Financial services, namely, investment portfolio management, trading in financial instruments, investment management, and financial research.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 
























Hedge Fund Moore Capital Management, LP, and Its Affiliates Moore Capital Advisors, LLC and Moore Advisors, Ltd., Ordered to Pay a $25 Million Penalty to Settle CFTC Charges of Attempted Manipulation of Platinum and Palladium Futures Settlement Prices












 
Press Releases - CFTC


































U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Ensuring the Integrity of the Futures & Swaps Markets





Transparency
International
Contact Us























 




 
Home // News, Events & Podcasts // Press Releases
    



    Follow Us:
    














	News, Events & Podcasts



Press Releases


General Press Releases


Enforcement Press Releases




Webcasts


Speeches & Testimony


Acting Chairman J. Christopher Giancarlo


Commissioner Sharon Y. Bowen




Events


Commission Meetings


Advisory Committee Meetings


Other Events


Roundtable




Podcasts


In the News


Press Room Archive








Press Releases
General Press ReleasesEnforcement Press Releases






 

    Font Size: AAA // Print // Bookmark




RELEASE: pr5815-10














April 29, 2010  
Hedge Fund Moore Capital Management, LP, and Its Affiliates Moore Capital Advisors, LLC and Moore Advisors, Ltd., Ordered to Pay a $25 Million Penalty to Settle CFTC Charges of Attempted Manipulation of Platinum and Palladium Futures Settlement Prices
CFTC imposes registration and trading restrictions. 
Washington, DC — The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) today issued an order filing and simultaneously settling charges that Moore Capital Management, LP (MCM), Moore Capital Advisors, LLC (MCA), both based in New York, N.Y., and Moore Advisors, Ltd. (MA), a Bahamian entity (collectively Moore Capital), attempted to manipulate the settlement prices of platinum and palladium futures contracts on the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX).  The CFTC also filed and settled charges that MCM failed to diligently supervise the handling of MCM’s commodity interest business. 
The CFTC order requires MCM, MCA and MA, all of whom are CFTC registrants, jointly and severally, to pay a $25 million civil monetary penalty and restricts their registrations as Commodity Pool Operators and/or Commodity Trading Advisors for three years. The order also requires these entities to comply with undertakings, including a two-year restriction on their trading within 15 minutes of and during the closing period of the platinum and palladium futures and options markets.
The CFTC order finds that, since at least November 2007 through May 2008, a former MCM portfolio manager (PM) attempted to manipulate the settlement prices of platinum and palladium futures contracts traded on the NYMEX by engaging in a practice known as “banging the close.”  Specifically, the former PM’s orders were entered in a manner designed to exert upward pressure on the settlement prices of the platinum and palladium futures contracts. 
MCM charged with supervisory failures. 
The CFTC order finds that MCM failed to supervise diligently the former PM’s trading and failed to have sufficient policies and procedures designed to detect and deter the violations found in the order.    
In addition to the civil monetary penalty and the restricted registration and trading restrictions, the CFTC order requires MCM, MCA and MA to (1) implement a policy requiring certain non-equity trade-related communications to be recorded, maintained and reviewed; (2) submit a report to the CFTC on their compliance with the undertakings; and (3) distribute the CFTC order to current and future employees, principals and officers.  The order recognizes Moore Capital’s cooperation with the CFTC during the investigation of this matter. 
The CFTC thanks the CME Group (NYMEX) for its assistance.
The following CFTC staff members are responsible for this case: Kara Mucha, James A. Garcia, August A. Imholtz III, Kassra Goudarzi, Jeremy Cusimano, Judith S. McCorkle, Susan A. Gradman, Michael Solinsky, Scott Williamson, Rosemary Hollinger, Gretchen L. Lowe, Richard B. Wagner, Phyllis J. Cela and Vincent A. McGonagle.



 


Media Contacts
  
               
                    	Scott Schneider202-418-5174

                    	Dennis Holden202-418-5088



Last Updated: April 29, 2010









 



RELATED LINKS
Order:  Moore Capital Management, LP, et al.


























Moore Capital Management Research Report - Revenue - Market Share - Competition - Growth
















     Target new business; track competition.
    


Subscribe
Log In











Solutions for: 
Investment BankingMarket ResearchPrivate EquityExecutivesConsultantsReporters & Journalists
 





✕
Log In

Email Address
 
Password
 






✕
Subscribe

Email Address
 
Password
 







MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT


Premium Company Report








The Premium Moore Capital Management Company Report contains critical information including:
		Revenue from previous years (2010-2015)
		Growth rate
		Estimated financials and profit margin
		Funding from Venture Capital and Private Equity firms
		Latest trademark applications
		Additional industries in which the company operates
		

		$89


View a sample report







11 Times Square New York, NY 10036 

Company Awards

Big Fish



Company Profile & Financial Information for Moore Capital Management
Moore Capital Management's revenue, profitability, growth rate by year. Trademarks and applications show Moore Capital Management's marketing strategy.
	Precise revenue figures by year, number of employees, and trademarks indicate Moore Capital Management's strengths. 
Moore Capital Management operates in the Securities, Commodity Contracts & Other Financial Investments industry. 	A list of fastest growing competitors, and info on recession risks show Moore Capital Management's weaknesses relative to its competitors. 

	
Access the complete profile.


Fast Facts

RevenueOver $100 million    Exact Revenue in Premium ReportEmployees100 - 1,000Exact Employee Count Available in Premium ReportPrimary Industry523 Securities, Commodity Contracts & Other Financial Investments

Note: Revenues are statistical evaluations.

	Moore Capital Management's Business Operations Profile shows critical firmographic facts:
		What is the company's size? (Revenue and employees)
			What industry is the company in?
		

Moore Capital Management Revenue and Growth Rate

Moore Capital Management
Revenue ($ MM)Growth Rate (%)# Employees
2015Details in Premium Report
2014
2013
2012



1-Year Growth Rate:3-Year Growth Rate (CAGR):


Income Statement (Industry Averages)
Moore Capital Management's income statement based on industry averages: 

$ Millions(Industry Average)
Total Revenue


Operating Revenue
Cost of Goods Sold
Gross Profit
Operating Expenses
Pension, profit sharing plans, stock, annuity
Repairs
Rent paid on business property
Charitable Contributions
Depletion
Domestic production activities deduction
Advertising
Compensation of officers
Salaries and wages
Employee benefit programs
Taxes and Licenses
Bad Debts
Depreciation
Amortization
Other Operating Expenses
Total Operating Expenses
Operating Income
Non-Operating Income
EBITDA
EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes)
Interest Expense
Earnings Before Taxes
Income Tax
Net Profit
 

Trademark Applications
	Trademark applications, moreso than trademark registrations, show the products and services that are developing and being actively marketed.
	Companies that don't have any trademark applications are more likely to be stable, maintaining their existing business lines.
	Companies that are applying for new trademarks are likely to be investing in R&D and marketing, attempting to expand more rapidly or pivoting to reach strategic markets.
	Trademarks may include brand names, product names, logos and slogans. 
	


Trademark
Date

MOORE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LPFinancial services, namely, investment portfolio management, trading in financial instruments, investment management, and financial research 12/31/2002 See all trademarks in the Full Report. 
Recession Risk
	IncFact analyzed data from the last recession to determine whether Moore Capital Management grew or shrank over that period. We also looked at other companies in the industry
	 to compare how recession-proof Moore Capital Management is relative to the industry. While a new recession may strike a particular industry, measuring the
	 industry and company's robustness during the last recession estimates its ability to weather future recessions.

	
Market Share of Competition: Moore Capital Management vs. Largest Competitors
		A competitive analysis shows these companies are in the same general field as Moore Capital Management, even though they may not compete head-to-head. 
		These are the largest companies by revenue. However, they may not have the largest market share in this industry if they have diversified into other business lines. 
		The "Competition" section of a business plan or investment memorandum would start by analyzing the information about these companies.
		Competitive advantage comes from offering better pricing or superior products/service.
		
Company
HeadquartersRevenue ($ MM)CITIGROUPStamford, CT100 FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGEMclean, VA48 FMRBoston, MA31 INTL FCSTONENew York, NY15 FMRMerrimack, NH13 Nearby CompetitionInfo on companies that are located in close proximity to Moore Capital Management, operating in similar markets. 
		While some companies, particularly retail, compete with neighboring businesses for customers, other companies may compete to attract skilled employees. 
	

Moore Capital Management's CompetitorsRevenue ($ MM)





Fastest Growing CompetitorsThese companies are in the same general field as Moore Capital Management and are rapidly expanding. Companies may grow organically or through acquisition. In some cases apparently high growth rates may be caused by data that weren't available in previous years.
	

CompanyRevenue ($ MM)











   
Discover @ IncFact
Contact Us
Press & Media
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
(0.1055 s)
© 2017 IncFact.com. All Rights Reserved.









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















Master Data Management (MDM) Advisory & Implementation




















































Contact us






 
(888) 534-9650






About Us

Mission & History
Partners
Leadership Team
Careers
News & Events
Newsletter Sign Up


Blog
Our Clients






  
 
 



Services
Solutions
MENU
MDM Advisory
MDM Implementation
MDM Performance
Contact Us
  
 






 

 
 

Thank You.To our employees and customers. Ideosity recognized by Inc. 5000 in “Fastest Growing Private Companies” 3 years straight.Learn More About IdeosityCross the finish line with ease.With Ideosity's end-to-end services.Start Your Journey With AdvisoryOngoing expert support to help youget more out of your PIM and MDM systemLearn more about IdeoCARE  
 



IdeosityData Mastered





End-to-end Master Data Management Solutions
 
Our services combined with MDM and PIM technologies
eliminates obstacles, mitigates risk and creates business improvements
throughout your entire data mastering journey.





MDM Advisory
Strategy and planning lay the groundwork for a successful PIM or MDM implementation.



MDM Implementation
PIM and MDM specific methodology for maximum value and minimum risk.



MDM Performance
Make the most of your PIM and MDM system with performance technology and support.




A Leader In MDM/PIM Consulting



60+ MDM/PIM projects across small, medium and large enterprises.
Broadest experience across a variety of leading platforms and technologies.
Robust services to support the entire journey from concept to realization and ongoing.


 

Our Approach


Eliminating Risk by relying on our ADVISORY services.
Our IMPLEMENTATION approach aims at deriving faster ROI and greater value from your MDM platform.
Benefit from Ideosity’s unique PERFORMANCE services, technology and ongoing expert support.



 


 





Navigation

Advisory
Implementation
Performance
Careers
Our Clients
Blog
About Us


 
Contact Us
Ideosity, Inc. 
205 W. Main Street 
West Dundee, IL 60118
Ideosity Canada, Ltd. 
1 Yonge Street, 
Suite 1801 
Toronto, ON M5E 1W7
p: (888) 534-9650
f: (312) 256-9156

 About Ideosity
Partner with Ideosity for your digital transformation for Advisory, Implementation, and Performance services. Our approach combined with PIM (Prod­uct Information Management)
and MDM (Master Data Management) technologies eliminates obstacles, mitigates risk and creates business improvements throughout your entire da­ta-mastering journey.
 







  
 

© 2017 Ideosity, All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 


















