


Charles W. Moorman bio — Chevron.com






















































skip to main content




about
leadership
charles moorman












Charles W. Moorman IV
President and Chief Executive Officer, Amtrak 
Age 65
Director since May 2012
Independent: Yes
Chevron Committees: Audit (Chair) – audit committee  financial expert
Current Public Company Directorships: Duke Energy Corporation
Mr. Moorman has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Amtrak, a passenger rail service provider since September 2016. He was previously Chairman from 2006, and Chief Executive Officer from 2004, of Norfolk Southern Corporation, a freight and transportation company until his retirement in 2015. He served as President of Norfolk Southern from 2004 until 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Moorman was Senior Vice President of Corporate Planning and Services from 2003 until 2004 and Senior Vice President of Corporate Services in 2003. Mr. Moorman joined Norfolk Southern in 1975.


Prior Public Company Directorships (within last five years): Norfolk Southern Corporation

Other Directorships and Memberships: Georgia Tech Foundation Inc.; National Academy of Engineering; Nature Conservancy of Virginia (Chair).
Skills and Qualifications
Business Leadership / Operations: Served more than a decade as CEO of Norfolk Southern Corporation. Forty-year career with Norfolk Southern included numerous senior management and executive positions, with emphasis on operations.

Environmental Affairs: At Norfolk Southern Corporation, gained experience with environmental issues related to transportation of coal, automotive and industrial products. Serves as Virginia chapter chair of The Nature Conservancy, a global conservation organization. Served as a trustee of the Chesapeake Bay Foundation, whose mission is to protect the environmental integrity of the bay.

Finance: Former CEO of Fortune 500 company. More than three decades of financial responsibility and experience at Norfolk Southern Corporation.

Government / Regulatory / Public Policy: More than three decades of experience in the highly regulated freight and transportation industry.

Science / Technology / Engineering: Forty-year career with Norfolk Southern included numerous senior management and executive positions requiring expertise in engineering and technology. Norfolk Southern builds and maintains track and bridges, operates trains and equipment, and designs and manages complex information technology systems.


Updated: April 2017













About — Chevron.com






















































skip to main content










producing 
energy 
responsibly









about

Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to getting results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.





stories

Energy stories are unfolding on a global stage. Find the articles, speeches and case studies you care about.



explore stories







the
chevron 
way



Seven values guide all of our business activities and decisions.

see what we stand for








operational excellence



Achieving top performance is a step-by-step process and an everyday practice.

learn our process












leadership



Our board of directors and corporate officers are committed to getting results the right way.

meet our leadership team








culture



United by shared values, our diverse and highly skilled people are proud to be able to give back to our communities.

get to know us















history
What do we stand for? People, partnership and performance. We've been in business since 1879.

historysee our journey
















Leadership — Chevron.com






















































skip to main content










leadership

                    we strive to deliver on our goal of being the partner of choice for investors, customers and communities
                











Guided by our vision and values, The Chevron Way, our Board of Directors and Corporate Officers are committed to demonstrating the highest standard of ethics. 





                    board of directors
                
The Board of Directors of Chevron directs the affairs of the corporation and is committed to sound principles of corporate governance. They bring a proven track record of success across a broad range of experiences at the policymaking level in business; expertise in science, technology, engineering, research or academia; extensive knowledge of governmental, regulatory, legal or public policy issues; expertise in finance, financial disclosure or financial accounting; experience in global business or international affairs; environmental experience and service on public company boards.







John S. Watson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
see bio







Michael K. Wirth
Vice Chairman and
Executive Vice President, Midstream and Development
see bio







Ronald D. Sugar
Lead Director

Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Northrop Grumman Corporation
see bio











Wanda M. Austin
Retired President and Chief Executive Officer,
The Aerospace Corporation
see bio







Linnet F. Deily
Former Deputy U.S. Trade Representative and U.S. Ambassador to the World Trade Organization
see bio







Robert E. Denham
Partner, Munger, Tolles & Olson LLP
see bio











Alice P. Gast
President, Imperial College London
see bio







Enrique Hernandez Jr.
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Inter-Con Security Systems, Inc.
see bio







Jon M. Huntsman Jr.
Former U.S. Ambassador to China and former Governor of Utah
see bio











Charles W. Moorman IV
President and Chief Executive Officer, Amtrak
see bio







Dambisa F. Moyo
Chief Executive Officer, 
Mildstorm LLC
see bio







Inge G. Thulin
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, 3M Company
see bio







learn more about committee memberships




                    corporate officers
                
*executive committee members 









John S. Watson*
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
see bio







Pierre R. Breber*
Executive Vice President, Downstream & Chemicals
see bio







Mary A. Francis
Corporate Secretary and Chief Governance Officer
see bio







Joseph C. Geagea*
Executive Vice President, Technology, Projects and Services
see bio











James W. Johnson*
Executive Vice President, Upstream
see bio







Joe W. Laymon
Vice President, Human Resources and Corporate Services
see bio







Wesley E. Lohec
Vice President, Health, Environment and Safety
see bio







Charles N. Macfarlane
Vice President and General Tax Counsel
see bio











Joseph M. Naylor
Vice President, Policy, Government and Public Affairs
see bio







Mark A. Nelson
Vice President, Strategic Planning
see bio







Jeanette L. Ourada
Vice President and Comptroller
see bio







R. Hewitt Pate*
Vice President and General Counsel
see bio











Rhonda J. Morris
Vice President, Human Resources, Diversity and Ombuds, Global Health and Medical
see bio







Jay R. Pryor
Vice President, Business Development
see bio







Randolph S. Richards
Vice President and Treasurer
see bio







Michael K. Wirth*
Vice Chairman and
Executive Vice President, Midstream and Development
see bio











Patricia E. Yarrington*
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
see bio









downloads






2016 Annual Report







2016 Corporate Responsibility Report







The Chevron Way - English





documents

Corporate Fact Sheet
Governance Guidelines



links

Corporate Governance
Committee Membership
History








share this page:




















Charles Moorman - Wikipedia




















 






Charles Moorman

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the U.S. federal judge (1876-1938), see Charles Harwood Moorman. For the American academic, see Charles W. Moorman III.





This biography of a living person needs additional citations for verification. Please help by adding reliable sources. Contentious material about living persons that is unsourced or poorly sourced must be removed immediately, especially if potentially libelous or harmful. (July 2007) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




Charles W. Moorman IV





President and CEO of Amtrak


In office
September 1, 2016 – June 26, 2017


Preceded by
Joseph H. Boardman


Succeeded by
Richard Anderson





Charles Wickliffe "Wick" Moorman IV (born 1953 in Hattiesburg, Mississippi) is an American businessman and railroader. Moorman is currently the President and CEO of Amtrak.[1][2] Prior to his hiring by Amtrak, Moorman served as chairman, president and CEO of Norfolk Southern Railway.[3] At Norfolk Southern, he succeeded David R. Goode on February 1, 2006. Moorman served as president from 2004 to 2013 and chief executive officer from 2005 until his initial retirement in 2015.[citation needed]
Moorman has served in a number of leadership positions at Norfolk Southern and its predecessor railroads including senior vice president corporate planning and services, president of Thoroughbred Technology and Telecommunications, vice president information technology, and vice president personnel and labor relations.
Moorman is a 1975 graduate of Georgia Tech[4] and Harvard Business School, he joined Norfolk Southern in 1970 as a Co-Op while still attending Georgia Tech.[5] He was also a member of Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity.[6]
On December 9, 2010, Railway Age named Moorman the Railroader of the Year recipient for 2011.[7]
In 2011, Moorman was involved in the launch of the 21st Century Steam, a revival of Norfolk Southern's popular steam excursion program which had been ended in 1994. On June 1, 2013, Moorman was succeeded as president of Norfolk Southern by James A. Squires.[8]
On August 19, 2016, Amtrak announced that Moorman had been selected to become the railroad's new president and CEO to succeed Joseph H. Boardman on September 1.[1][2] Moorman served as CEO for less than one year before being replaced by Richard Anderson in June 2017.[9] Moorman remain with Amtrak as “transitional CEO” until the end of 2017.



Contents


1 Compensation
2 See also
3 References
4 External links



Compensation[edit]
While CEO of Norfolk Southern in 2008, Moorman earned a total compensation of just over $9 million, which included a base salary of $950,000, a cash bonus of $1,759,400, stocks granted of $6,768,618, and options granted of $2,415,000.[10] Moorman's contract with Amtrak calls for him to be paid $1 per year with incentive pay up to $500,000 per year based on criteria set by the Amtrak Board of Directors.[11]
See also[edit]

List of railroad executives

References[edit]



^ a b Amtrak (August 19, 2016). "Amtrak Names Industry Veteran Wick Moorman President And Chief Executive Officer". PRNewswire (Press release). Retrieved August 19, 2016. 
^ a b "Moorman named as Amtrak President". Railway Gazette. August 19, 2016. Retrieved August 19, 2016. 
^ "May 2008". Principal Officers. Norfolk Southern Corporation. Retrieved 2008-05-18. 
^ "October 2006". Buzz Words. Georgia Tech Alumni Association. Archived from the original on 2007-09-05. Retrieved 2007-09-06. 
^ "December 2007". CHARLES W. MOORMAN CHAIRMAN OF UNITED WAY'S 1994 NORFOLK CAMPAIGN. Retrieved 2007-12-22. 
^ "The Teke Guide" (PDF). Tau Kappa Epsilon Fraternity. March 9, 2010. Retrieved December 14, 2015. 
^ "Norfolk Southern CEO Wick Moorman named Railway Age Railroader of the Year". Railway Age. December 9, 2010. Archived from the original on December 11, 2010. Retrieved December 13, 2010. 
^ Norfolk Southern Corporation (May 10, 2013). "Norfolk Southern Names Six to Senior Management Positions" (Press release). Retrieved March 4, 2014. 
^ Aratani, Lori (26 June 2017). "Amtrak names new chief executive". Washington Post. Retrieved 27 June 2017. 
^ 2008 CEO Compensation for Charles W. Moorman Archived April 14, 2009, at the Wayback Machine., Equilar.com
^ Amtrak taps "Wick" Moorman, retired top executive at Norfolk Southern, as its next CEO.



External links[edit]

Official Amtrak Biography - Charles W. Moorman IV



Business positions


Preceded by
David R. Goode
President of Norfolk Southern Railway
2004 – 2013
Succeeded by
James A. Squires


Preceded by
David R. Goode
CEO of Norfolk Southern Corporation
2005 – 2015
Succeeded by
James A. Squires


Preceded by
Joseph H. Boardman
President and CEO of Amtrak
2016 - 2017
Succeeded by
Richard Anderson


Awards and achievements


Preceded by
Matthew K. Rose (BNSF)
Railroader of the Year
2011
Succeeded by
David L. Starling






This biography related to rail transport in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e








This article about an American businessperson born in the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Charles_Moorman&oldid=788628626"					
Categories: Georgia Institute of Technology alumniNorfolk Southern Railway peopleHarvard Business School alumni1953 birthsLiving peopleAmerican railroadersAmerican railroad executives of the 21st centuryDirectors of Chevron CorporationAmtrak presidents20th-century American businesspeopleAmerican rail transportation biography stubsAmerican business biography, 1950s birth stubsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksBLP articles lacking sources from July 2007All BLP articles lacking sourcesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2007All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 14:48.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 




Amtrak Picks Freight Rail Veteran as New Leader at a Critical Time - The New York Times





































































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





N.Y. / Region|Amtrak Picks Freight Rail Veteran as New Leader at a Critical Time







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search












Advertisement








Supported by



N.Y. / Region

Amtrak Picks Freight Rail Veteran as New Leader at a Critical Time

By PATRICK McGEEHANAUG. 19, 2016



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story










Photo






Charles W. Moorman, who was introduced on Friday as Amtrak’s new chief executive.

Credit
            Jason Arthurs/Reuters        



Amtrak, which is pressing to build a new rail tunnel under the Hudson River between New York City and New Jersey, on Friday named a freight rail veteran as its next chief executive.The national passenger railroad said that Charles W. Moorman, the former chairman of the freight rail operator Norfolk Southern, would succeed Joseph Boardman next month. Mr. Boardman, who has led Amtrak since late 2008, is retiring.Mr. Moorman, who is 64 and known as Wick, arrives at a critical time for Amtrak, which has said that its existing century-old tunnel under the Hudson was severely damaged by Hurricane Sandy four years ago. Officials with the railroad have said that the two tubes in the old tunnel will eventually need to be shut down, one at a time, so that repairs can be made. Without the additional tunnel, which would also have two tubes, the repair process would reduce train capacity across the Hudson by 75 percent.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Making steady progress toward obtaining the billions of dollars needed for the new tunnels is expected to be one of the goals the Amtrak board will set for Mr. Moorman. The tunnels are part of a larger infrastructure project known as the Gateway program that Amtrak has said could cost nearly $24 billion. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





“It is an honor and privilege to take on the role of C.E.O. at Amtrak and I look forward to working with its dedicated employees to find ways to provide even better service to our passengers and the nation,” he said in a statement issued by Amtrak.
Photo






The Portal Bridge, which crosses the Hackensack River in northeastern New Jersey, would be replaced as part of a larger Amtrak infrastructure project that also includes the planned construction of two new tunnels under the Hudson River.

Credit
            Robert Stolarik for The New York Times        


He does not appear to be taking the job for the money. He has agreed to an annual salary of $1, with the potential for earning a yearly bonus of $500,000 — about what Mr. Boardman’s total annual compensation has been.In 2014, Mr. Moorman’s last full year running Norfolk Southern, he earned more than $13 million, according to the company’s financial filings. Having started as a management trainee, he had been at the company for more than 40 years when he retired at the end of last year.Amtrak had been searching for a successor to Mr. Boardman since early this year. Anthony Coscia, the chairman of the Amtrak board, sounded thrilled about the hiring of Mr. Moorman.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




“Regardless of where Wick is in his career, he is undoubtedly one of the smartest people in this business in the country,” Mr. Coscia said in an interview. He said he believed that Mr. Moorman’s presence would help Amtrak attract the capital required for the Gateway program and other improvements to its rail network.“His primary job is to transition the company from one that is about survival to one that is about growth,” Mr. Coscia said. He added, “People don’t invest in companies if they don’t think they’re particularly well run.”The announcement of Mr. Moorman’s hiring came just a few months after Amtrak suffered its second fatal accident in less than a year. In April, two track workers were killed near Chester, Pa., when a train crashed into equipment they were using to repair tracks. In May 2015, a speeding train bound for New York derailed in Philadelphia, killing eight passengers.
Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.

















What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times
























                         Amtrak names Charles W. ‘Wick’ Moorman as its new CEO - The Washington Post                                                                              Subscribe       Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk              Accessibility for screenreader                Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter  Share on Google Plus  Share via Email  Share on LinkedIn  Share on Pinterest  Share on Tumblr           Resize Text Print Article  Comments             The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                       2         Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off                      Gridlock   Amtrak names Charles W. ‘Wick’ Moorman as its new CEO               The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                 By Lori Aratani  By Lori Aratani   August 19, 2016  Follow @loriara       Charles W. “Wick” Moorman is the former chief executive of Norfolk Southern Railway. (Amtrak)    Amtrak has named a veteran railroad executive as its new president and chief executive, officials announced Friday. Charles W. “Wick” Moorman, the retired chairman, chief executive and president of Norfolk Southern Railway will take over the top job at Amtrak in September. He will replace Joseph Boardman, who has served as Amtrak’s top executive since 2008. “We are very pleased that someone with Wick’s experience and vision will lead Amtrak during this critical period as the company charts a course for future growth and improvement,” said Anthony Coscia, chairman of Amtrak’s board of directors in a news release. “Under CEO Joe Boardman, and with the support of the Administration and Congress, Amtrak has achieved record levels of performance and investment. The Board believes Wick can build upon this success in the coming year by launching initiatives to further enhance safety and customer service, modernize our operations, and guide our implementation of the FAST Act.”   [Amtrak CEO Joesph Boardman announces his retirement]   Moorman, 64, spent more than 40 years at Norfolk Southern before retiring at the end of last year. He started at the railroad based in Norfolk as a management trainee. He is a graduate of Georgia Tech and Harvard Business School and is a native of Hattiesburg, Miss. He serves on the boards of Duke Energy, Chevron, the Virginia chapter of the Nature Conservancy and the Georgia Tech Foundation. “It is an honor and privilege to take on the role of CEO at Amtrak and I look forward to working with its dedicated employees to find ways to provide even better service to our passengers and the nation,” Moorman said in a prepared statement. “At Norfolk Southern, our team fostered change by placing a solid emphasis on performance across all aspects of our business which helped develop a stronger safety and service culture throughout the company. I look forward to advancing those same goals at Amtrak and helping to build a plan for future growth.” Boardman announced last fall he would step down as Amtrak’s chief executive. “I have been humbled to lead this extraordinary organization over the past eight years,” he said. “I look forward to spending time with my family and wish Wick all the best as he brings his excellent experience to Amtrak.” Save Save         local  dr-gridlock Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false after3th false          Please provide a valid email address.           Sign up      You’re all set!   See all newsletters           local  dr-gridlock Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false          Please provide a valid email address.           Sign up      You’re all set!   See all newsletters                Comments           Share on FacebookShare       Share on TwitterTweet     Share via Email                  Lori Aratani writes about how people live, work and play in the D.C. region for The Post’s Transportation and Development team.  Follow @loriara                      Show Comments       Discussion Policy     Comments       SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge   Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge   Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge   Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer.   Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge   World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post.   You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here   You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here   Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badgesGet a badge  To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.    Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.          Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic        Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators.                 Facebook  Twitter  Reddit     StumbleUpon  Digg                           Most Read        1   He brought Burundi’s first robotics team to the U.S. to inspire his country. Then, the teens disappeared.       2   How disability benefits divided this rural community between those who work and those who don’t       3    Perspective  The death of reading is threatening the soul       4   In Detroit, ‘the rage of oppression.’ For five days in 1967, riots consumed a city.       5   Jim Vance, Washington’s longest-serving local news anchor, is dead at 75            The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post.   Subscribe            Our Online Games    Play right from this page                    Mahjongg Dimensions  Strategy game              Mahjongg Candy  Strategy game              Word Wipe  Word game                   local  dr-gridlock     Success! Check your inbox for details.        Please enter a valid email address    You might also like:                 Sign Up No Thanks   See all newsletters              Search Jobs  Featured Jobs     communications representative   Axiom Resource Management, Inc.      cable install technician - ts/sci   General Dynamics      sr network administrator - ts/sci   General Dynamics         washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices        Close video player   Now Playing                       Read content from allstate           Content from Allstate  This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio.   We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.                                                      



Wick Moorman steps down as executive chairman of Norfolk Southern board of directors | News | Norfolk Southern




















































Hello, you need to have JavaScript enabled to view this website.
		  To learn how to enable JavaScript in your browser,
		  click here.














Industrial DevelopmentReal EstateSuppliersMediaContact UsNS Store





LOGIN

Industrial Development







NS Services


NS ServicesSite Assistance ServicesProject ManagementSite PlanningIndustrial Park Planning
Track Design InformationProject Results






Contact NS Industrial Development


Contact NS Industrial DevelopmentProject Management Contact Directory








Real Estate







Real Estate


Real EstateAbout NS Real EstateAvailable PropertiesNS ServicesCustomer ResourcesContact Norfolk Southern Real Estate
Public Project Guidelines





Contact NS Real Estate

Contact NS Real EstateReal Estate ContactsContacts by TerritoryBilling and Insurance Contacts








Suppliers






Suppliers

SuppliersBecome a SupplierPoliciesSupplier DiversityConflict Minerals






Supplier Resources


Supplier ResourcesNS Supplier's PortalElectronic Data Interchange (EDI)Sales Tax Exemption CertificatesElectronic Payments (ACH)



Supplier Contacts


Supplier ContactsDepartmental Group ContactsContacts By CommodityService Contract Representative Contacts








Media






Media

MediaNewsMedia ContactsNSMedia GalleryNS State Facts













Customers
 
Log in to AccessNS

Register
Password Assistance

Mobile Application Center


Login to LMIS




Job Seekers
Career Search

If you need assistance, email us at hrhelpdesk@nscorp.com


Employees
Employee Resource Center
Mainframe: Horse


Suppliers
Supplier's Portal







Skip to main content

Norfolk Southern

Show Menu

Search









Ship with NS







Transportation Terms
Terms and conditions for carriage.







New To Rail
Get to know NS.







System Overview
Explore the NS system.










Shipping Options


Shipping OptionsIntermodalCoalAgricultureAutomotiveChemicalsDimensional ShipmentsGovernmentMetals & ConstructionPaper, Clay & ForestPorts & InternationalShort LinesCorridorsTransload Network






Shipping Tools


Shipping ToolsPricingSystem Maps, Directories & SchedulesEquipment GuideOrdering EquipmentShipping Instructions (Bill of Lading)Monitoring ShipmentsDiverting, Reconsigning and ReshippingBill Payment & InvoicingClaims, Loading & Securement SolutionsCustomer Service CenterPublication Email UpdatesShipping News & Alerts





Related Links

Related LinksFuel SurchargeConditions of CarriageLive Lift HoursMoving Your Dimensional LoadAWS Certification


Latest Shipping News

Latest Shipping NewsElizabeth Marine Terminal, New York Container Terminal Intermodal Container Handling FeeDerailment Near Louisville – UpdateDerailment Near Louisville – Update










Get to Know NS







A Line In Time
Norfolk Southern’s history spans nearly two centuries to the earliest days of American railroading.







Join NS OAR
The goal of OAR is to strengthen relationships with the first responders across the NS network. Join OAR in bridging connections with first responders.










About NS


About NSSubsidiariesCorporate ProfileGovernment RelationsSafetyEconomyEnvironmentInnovationInfrastructureFrequently Asked QuestionsNS State Facts





NS Culture

NS CultureHeritage LocomotivesMeet The T'bredNS MuseumNS Lawmen BandVision & Values





In Your Community

In Your CommunityRequest A SpeakerNorfolk Southern Exhibit CarNS Foundation and Corporate GivingRossville, TennesseeAWS CertificationCommunity Event Notification










Work At NS









Join The Team












Veterans Employment









Careers

CareersJob OpeningsCareer PathsHiring processLearn more about NS





Employees

EmployeesEmployees LoginEmployee ResourcesRetirees










Invest In NS







Stock Information


Stock InformationStock ChartInvestment CalculatorHistorical Price LookupDividend HistoryOwnership SummaryOwnership Top HoldersAnalyst CoverageAnalyst First Call Consensus



Performance Measures


Performance MeasuresPerformance ReportsPerformance Definitions





Financial Reports

Financial ReportsAnnual ReportsProxy StatementsSEC FilingsOther ReportsQuarterly Financial DataQuarterly Earnings



Corporate Governance


Corporate GovernanceNS Corporate OfficersBoard of Directors & Committee MembershipThoroughbred Code of EthicsGovernance Documents






Shareholder Services


Shareholder ServicesInvestor FAQsDownloadable FormsTransfer AgentShareholder Contacts


Events and Presentations

Events and PresentationsEventsPresentations





Investor News

Investor NewsNorfolk Southern to consolidate operating divisions to enhance service and gain efficienciesNorfolk Southern to hold second-quarter 2017 earnings conference call July 26Norfolk Southern to present at Citi 2017 Industrials ConferenceNorfolk Southern to present at Wolfe Research 10th Annual Global Transportation Conference















News



Share








Wick Moorman steps down as executive chairman of Norfolk Southern board of directors










Share











Norfolk, Va. - Sep 22, 2015
Moorman

Charles W. “Wick” Moorman is completing his service as executive chairman of the board of directors of Norfolk Southern Corp. (NYSE: NSC), effective Oct. 1, 2015. Moorman will continue to serve as a director until retiring from the board effective Dec. 31, 2015.
Moorman will serve as senior advisor to the CEO from Oct. 1 through Dec. 31, 2015, at which time he will retire as a Norfolk Southern employee.
The announcement was made today by NS President and CEO James A. Squires, who said, “I speak for the 30,000-strong Norfolk Southern team in expressing our gratitude for Wick’s leadership, friendship, and vision over some of the most remarkable years in Norfolk Southern’s history.
“Thanks in great part to him, Norfolk Southern and the railroad industry are far more modern in our thinking, more technologically advanced in our operations, and more thoughtful in managing our footprint for our business partners and those we serve,” Squires said.
“Simply put, Wick’s imprint is unique and indelible,” said Steven F. Leer, NS’ lead independent director. “It is my great honor, on behalf of Norfolk Southern’s entire board, to offer congratulations and best wishes to Wick and his family.”
About Norfolk Southern
Norfolk Southern Corporation (NYSE: NSC) is one of the nation’s premier transportation companies. Its Norfolk Southern Railway Company subsidiary operates approximately 20,000 route miles in 22 states and the District of Columbia, serves every major container port in the eastern United States, and provides efficient connections to other rail carriers. Norfolk Southern operates the most extensive intermodal network in the East and is a major transporter of coal, automotive, and industrial products.
Media Inquiries:
Frank Brown, 757-629-2710 (fsbrown@nscorp.com)
Investor Inquiries:
Katie Cook, 757-629-2861 (InvestorRelations@nscorp.com)
 
 
###








Connect

twitter
facebook
flickr
youtube
linkedin
rss




Email Updates
Subscribe to NSINFO to receive the latest news from Norfolk Southern by email.









Archived News Releases

2016 | 2015 | 2014 | 2013 | 2012 | 2011 | 2010
2009 | 2008




Press



Media Contacts





Featured Media




Moving the economy is “just another day” at Norfolk Southern
View the Multimedia Gallery











































Charles W. Moorman IV - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Charles W. Moorman IV
Board Member at Chevron Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Charles W. Moorman IV? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Charles W. Moorman IV's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Charles W. Moorman IV's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Charles W. Moorman IV's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Charles W. Moorman IV through your network of contacts.
												








Charles W. Moorman IV's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Chevron Corporation


Board Member, 
Duke Energy Corporation


Past
To view Charles W. Moorman IV's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
65

 
 


Charles W. Moorman IV's Biography



Mr. Moorman has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Amtrak, a passenger rail service provider since September 2016. He was previously Chairman from 2006, and Chief Executive Officer from 2004, of Norfolk Southern Corporation, a freight and transportation company until his retirement in 2015. He served as President of Norfolk Southern from 2004 until 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Moorman was Senior Vice President of Corporate Planning and Services from 2003 until 2004 and Senior Vice President of Corporate Services in 2003. Mr. Moorman joined Norfolk Southern in 1975. 
 
 
Skills and Qualifications 
Business Leadership / Operation ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Moorman has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Amtrak, a passenger rail service provider since September 2016. He was previously Chairman from 2006, and Chief Executive Officer from 2004, of Norfolk Southern Corporation, a freight and transportation company until his retirement in 2015. He served as President of Norfolk Southern from 2004 until 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Moorman was Senior Vice President of Corporate Planning and Services from 2003 until 2004 and Senior Vice President of Corporate Services in 2003. Mr. Moorman joined Norfolk Southern in 1975. 
 
 
Skills and Qualifications 
Business Leadership / Operations: Served more than a decade as CEO of Norfolk Southern Corporation. Forty-year career with Norfolk Southern included numerous senior management and executive positions, with emphasis on operations. 
Environmental Affairs: At Norfolk Southern Corporation, gained experience with environmental issues related to transportation of coal, automotive and industrial products. Serves as Virginia chapter chair of The Nature Conservancy, a global conservation organization. Served as a trustee of the Chesapeake Bay Foundation, whose mission is to protect the environmental integrity of the bay. 
Finance: Former CEO of Fortune 500 company. More than three decades of financial responsibility and experience at Norfolk Southern Corporation. 
Government / Regulatory / Public Policy: More than three decades of experience in the highly regulated freight and transportation industry. 
Science / Technology / Engineering: Forty-year career with Norfolk Southern included numerous senior management and executive positions requiring expertise in engineering and technology. Norfolk Southern builds and maintains track and bridges, operates trains and equipment, and designs and manages complex information technology systems.
		
Source: Chevron Corporation on 04/11/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Charles W. Moorman IV's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Charles W. Moorman IV. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Charles W. Moorman IV's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Charles W. Moorman IV's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Charles W. Moorman IV through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Charles W. Moorman IV


















Charles W. Moorman IV's Connections (157)





Sign up now to view Charles W. Moorman IV's 157 connections »









James R. Blackwell
Board Member, KBR, Inc.









Daniel A. Carp
Board Member, Texas Instruments Incorporated









Carl Ware
Former Executive Vice President, Public Affairs and Administration, The Coca-Cola Company









Jon M. Huntsman
Board Member, Ford Motor Company









Dambisa F. Moyo
Board Member, Barclays









Robert A. Bradway
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Amgen Inc.









Ann M. Gray
Board Member, Duke Energy Corporation









Michael G. Browning
Independent Lead Director, Duke Energy Corporation









John G. Stumpf
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Wells Fargo & Company









Alexander B. Cummings
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer, The Coca-Cola Company








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Charles W Moorman - Chester, VA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Charles W Moorman in Chester, VA


Charles W Moorman

                                                                           Intelius found that Charles W Moorman  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Chester, VA.  We have connected them to
                4 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Charlie  Moorman


Get Report Now

Age

Charles W Moorman is in his 50s

Charles Has Lived In

Chester, VA
Richmond, VA
Petersburg, VA

Charles's Relatives

Wendy Moorman
Kristen Moorman
Charla Moorman







Charles W Moorman



Zodiac SignCapricorn



GenderMale



Professional Status
Richmond Times-dispatch



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Charles? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Charles, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Charles W Moorman
Get a Criminal Check on Charles W Moorman
Get a Public Record Report on Charles W Moorman
Get a People Search Report on Charles W Moorman


Charles W Moorman's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Charles W Moorman has lived as well as Charles W Moorman's phone numbers and email addresses.




Charles W Moorman Has Lived in 1 States
Virginia Address for Charles W Moorman


4031 T***** R* 

Chester, VA


Has Lived In

Chester, VA
Richmond, VA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Charles W Moorman

() ***-**** - Chester, VA 
(804) ***-**** - Chester, VA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Charles W Moorman

s********c@***.com
c*************n@***.com
i********y@***.com


Get Email Report




Charles W Moorman's Professional Information
Information regarding Charles W Moorman's professional history.  Find out previous places Charles W Moorman has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Charles W Moorman Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Richmond Times-dispatch
               
Charles W Moorman's Experience
Title: 
               Company: Richmond Times-dispatch
Job Details
               The Richmond Times-Dispatch, located in Richmond, Virgina, is part of Media General Inc. The Times-Dispatch has Sunday circulation of 225,293 and a daily circulation of 184,950. Media General owns and operates The Tampa Tribune, the Richmond Times-Dispatch, the Winston-Salem Journal and 22 other daily newspapers in Virginia, North Carolina, Florida, Alabama and South Carolina. Media General is an independent, publicly owned communications company situated primarily in the Southeast with interests in newspapers, television stations and interactive media.
Additional Professional Information on Charles W Moorman

 See Charles W Moorman's LinkedIn Profile



Charles W Moorman's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Charles W Moorman


Charles W Moorman's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Charles W Moorman's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Charles Moorman
Username Matches

                  CharlesMoorman
                  MoormanCharles
                  Charles.Moorman
                  Moorman.Charles
                  Charles_Moorman
                  Moorman_Charles
                  Charles-Moorman
                  Moorman-Charles
                  CMoorman
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
C Moorman







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.


















 Amtrak Names Industry Veteran Wick Moorman President and Chief Executive Officer - Amtrak Media 












































































    

























No menu assigned!














Amtrak Names Industry Veteran Wick Moorman President and Chief Executive Officer








  18 

												August 19, 2016											









  








  





Christina Leeds
Amtrak Contact

202 906.3860
mediarelations@Amtrak.com










WASHINGTON, D.C. – Amtrak announced that it has named Charles W. “Wick” Moorman as its next president and chief executive officer. Moorman, retired chairman, CEO, and president of Norfolk Southern Corp. (NS), will lead the company, effective September 1, 2016, in the next fiscal year.
Anthony Coscia, chairman of the Board of Directors of Amtrak said, “We are very pleased that someone with Wick’s experience and vision will lead Amtrak during this critical period as the company charts a course for future growth and improvement.  Under CEO Joe Boardman, and with the support of the Administration and Congress, Amtrak has achieved record levels of performance and investment.  The Board believes Wick can build upon this success in the coming year by launching initiatives to further enhance safety and customer service, modernize our operations, and guide our implementation of the FAST Act.”
“It is an honor and privilege to take on the role of CEO at Amtrak and I look forward to working with its dedicated employees to find ways to provide even better service to our passengers and the nation,” said Moorman. “At Norfolk Southern, our team fostered change by placing a solid emphasis on performance across all aspects of our business which helped develop a stronger safety and service culture throughout the company. I look forward to advancing those same goals at Amtrak and helping to build a plan for future growth.”
Moorman, a native of Hattiesburg, Miss., comes to Amtrak after more than 40 years at NS where he rose from management trainee to CEO and chairman of the Board of Directors. Having worked with NS from the ground up, Moorman gained an appreciation for the many facets of railroad operations and used this knowledge to modernize the way NS conducted business, served customers and worked with communities. A graduate of Georgia Tech and Harvard Business School, Moorman serves on the boards of Duke Energy Corporation, Chevron Corporation, the Virginia chapter of the Nature Conservancy, and the Georgia Tech Foundation.
“Wick’s deep operational background and track record of building teams and driving innovation is exactly what we need to provide unparalleled service to the more than 500 communities we serve,” said Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors Jeffrey Moreland. “We are confident that, working together with the Board, Wick can formulate a strong plan to take Amtrak to the next level and assemble the management team and expertise to carry it forward.”
Moorman succeeds current CEO Joe Boardman, who announced his intention to retire last fall.   “I have been humbled to lead this extraordinary organization over the past eight years,” said Boardman. “I look forward to spending time with my family and wish Wick all the best as he brings his excellent experience to Amtrak.”
“The Board and I thank Joe for his dedicated service to Amtrak and its customers and for his long career in public service.  Under his leadership, Amtrak delivered record ridership, introduced a series of safety initiatives and modernized its fleet.  For this, he should be proud,” Coscia said.
Moorman currently holds securities of a rail carrier. Amtrak will ensure that any conflict will be avoided as is required by federal law.






  















About Amtrak®
Amtrak – America’s Railroad® – is dedicated to safe and reliable mobility as the nation’s intercity passenger rail service provider and its high-speed rail operator. With our state and commuter partners, we move people, the economy and the nation forward, carrying more than 30 million Amtrak passengers for each of the past five years. Formally known as the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, Amtrak is governed by a nine member board of directors appointed by the President of the United States and confirmed by the U.S. Senate. Anthony R. Coscia is board chairman and Jeffrey R. Moreland is vice chairman. Amtrak operates more than 300 trains daily – at speeds up to 150 mph (241 kph) – connecting more than 500 destinations in 46 states, the District of Columbia and three Canadian Provinces. Learn more at Amtrak.com or call 800-USA-RAIL for schedules, fares and other information. Check us out at blog.Amtrak.com, Like us on Facebook.com and Follow us on Twitter @Amtrak.


















 









 

©2017 National Railroad Passenger Corporation
 


Home
Media Resources

Media Contacts & Requests
Fact Sheets
Media Images
Amtrak Videos
Infrastructure Renewal New York Penn Station

Penn Station New York Media Guidelines


Next-Gen Trainsets & Infrastructure


Amtrak Social




About Amtrak
Amtrak.com
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy




 












Home
Media Resources

Media Contacts & Requests
Fact Sheets
Media Images
Amtrak Videos
Infrastructure Renewal New York Penn Station

Penn Station New York Media Guidelines


Next-Gen Trainsets & Infrastructure


Amtrak Social





 

Shares
















































 



 Wick Moorman steps down as executive chairman of Norfolk Southern board of directors 
         










    










 






 











 









Wick Moorman steps down as executive chairman of Norfolk Southern board of directors

Sep 22, 2015, 16:50 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Norfolk Southern Corp. 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







Charles W. "Wick" Moorman    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Charles W. "Wick" Moorman
 


 

 




 





 


NORFOLK, Va., Sept. 22, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Charles W. "Wick" Moorman is completing his service as executive chairman of the board of directors of Norfolk Southern Corp. (NYSE:   NSC), effective Oct. 1, 2015. Moorman will continue to serve as a director until retiring from the board effective Dec. 31, 2015.
Moorman will serve as senior advisor to the CEO from Oct. 1 through Dec. 31, 2015, at which time he will retire as a Norfolk Southern employee.
The announcement was made today by NS President and CEO James A. Squires, who said, "I speak for the 30,000-strong Norfolk Southern team in expressing our gratitude for Wick's leadership, friendship, and vision over some of the most remarkable years in Norfolk Southern's history. 
"Thanks in great part to him, Norfolk Southern and the railroad industry are far more modern in our thinking, more technologically advanced in our operations, and more thoughtful in managing our footprint for our business partners and those we serve," Squires said. 
"Simply put, Wick's imprint is unique and indelible," said Steven F. Leer, NS' lead independent director. "It is my great honor, on behalf of Norfolk Southern's entire board, to offer congratulations and best wishes to Wick and his family." 
About Norfolk Southern
Norfolk Southern Corporation (NYSE:   NSC) is one of the nation's premier transportation companies. Its Norfolk Southern Railway Company subsidiary operates approximately 20,000 route miles in 22 states and the District of Columbia, serves every major container port in the eastern United States, and provides efficient connections to other rail carriers. Norfolk Southern operates the most extensive intermodal network in the East and is a major transporter of coal, automotive, and industrial products.
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150922/269511 
 SOURCE  Norfolk Southern Corp.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.norfolksouthern.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Sep 22, 2015, 16:50 ET
Preview: Mark Manion to retire as Norfolk Southern executive vice president and chief operating officer




















Sep 22, 2015, 16:50 ET
Preview: Jim Squires named chairman of Norfolk Southern board of directors








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.




 Read More





Feb 16, 2017, 16:15 ET
Norfolk Southern to present at Barclays Industrial Select...






 More news releases in:

  Railroads and Intermodal Transportation
  Transportation, Trucking & Railroad
Personnel Announcements












Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Search Corporations, Limited Liability Companies, Limited Partnerships, and Trademarks by Officer or Registered Agent
















Department of State


Division of Corporations 

Search Records 
Search by Officer or Registered Agent





Next List



 
 




Officer/Registered Agent Name List



Officer/RA Name
Entity Name
Entity Number




MOORMAN, CHARLES W
T-CUBED OF NORTH AMERICA, INC.
F01000001579


MOORMAN, CHARLTON K
CM ENGINEERING, INC.
F95000003416


MOORMAN, CHERYL
SUNSHINE INDEPENDENT AND THERAPY DOGS, INCORPORATED
N94000001542


MOORMAN, CLAUDE T. II,
CLAUDE T. MOORMAN, II, M.D., TCAA, P.A.
G43001


MOORMAN, CLAUDE T., II
CLAUDE T. MOORMAN, II, M.D., TCAA, P.A.
G43001


MOORMAN, CLAUDE T., II
CLAUDE T. MOORMAN, II, M.D., TCAA, P.A.
G43001


MOORMAN, TII, CLAUDE
CHECKERBOARD SQUARE, INC.
L52891


MOORMAN,TII, MD,CLAUDE
CHECKERBOARD SQUARE, INC.
L52891


MOORMAN, LJR, CLINTON
AESTHETIC RESOURCES, LLC
L07000044367


MOORMAN COGGIINS, KELLY
HART FELT MINISTRIES, INC.
N03000003354


MOORMAN COGGINS, KELLY
THE MAMAS SPECIALTY FOODS, LLC
L14000040470


MOORMAN COGGINS, KELLY
THE MAMAS SPECIALTY FOODS, LLC
L14000040470


MOORMAN, COLLEEN
PREFERRED PICKS PUBLICATIONS, LLC
L04000032833


MOORMAN, CRAIG F
CE INDUSTRIES L.L.C.
L01000022457


MOORMAN, CRAIG F
CE INDUSTRIES L.L.C.
L01000022457


MOORMAN, CYNTHIA
TREE FROGGIE, INC.
P08000073581


MOORMAN, DALE T
REMEL MANAGEMENT, INC.
F95000006282


MOORMAN, DALE T.
REGIONAL MEDIA LABORATORIES, INC.
P09877


MOORMAN, DAVID
DAVID MOORMAN PAINTING, INC.
K36287


MOORMAN, DAVID
DAVID MOORMAN PAINTING, INC.
K36287






Next List



 
 







Florida Department of State, Division of Corporations






Florida Department of State


Division of Corporations









Charles Moorman - Wikipedia




















 






Charles Moorman

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the U.S. federal judge (1876-1938), see Charles Harwood Moorman. For the American academic, see Charles W. Moorman III.





This biography of a living person needs additional citations for verification. Please help by adding reliable sources. Contentious material about living persons that is unsourced or poorly sourced must be removed immediately, especially if potentially libelous or harmful. (July 2007) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




Charles W. Moorman IV





President and CEO of Amtrak


In office
September 1, 2016 – June 26, 2017


Preceded by
Joseph H. Boardman


Succeeded by
Richard Anderson





Charles Wickliffe "Wick" Moorman IV (born 1953 in Hattiesburg, Mississippi) is an American businessman and railroader. Moorman is currently the President and CEO of Amtrak.[1][2] Prior to his hiring by Amtrak, Moorman served as chairman, president and CEO of Norfolk Southern Railway.[3] At Norfolk Southern, he succeeded David R. Goode on February 1, 2006. Moorman served as president from 2004 to 2013 and chief executive officer from 2005 until his initial retirement in 2015.[citation needed]
Moorman has served in a number of leadership positions at Norfolk Southern and its predecessor railroads including senior vice president corporate planning and services, president of Thoroughbred Technology and Telecommunications, vice president information technology, and vice president personnel and labor relations.
Moorman is a 1975 graduate of Georgia Tech[4] and Harvard Business School, he joined Norfolk Southern in 1970 as a Co-Op while still attending Georgia Tech.[5] He was also a member of Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity.[6]
On December 9, 2010, Railway Age named Moorman the Railroader of the Year recipient for 2011.[7]
In 2011, Moorman was involved in the launch of the 21st Century Steam, a revival of Norfolk Southern's popular steam excursion program which had been ended in 1994. On June 1, 2013, Moorman was succeeded as president of Norfolk Southern by James A. Squires.[8]
On August 19, 2016, Amtrak announced that Moorman had been selected to become the railroad's new president and CEO to succeed Joseph H. Boardman on September 1.[1][2] Moorman served as CEO for less than one year before being replaced by Richard Anderson in June 2017.[9] Moorman remain with Amtrak as “transitional CEO” until the end of 2017.



Contents


1 Compensation
2 See also
3 References
4 External links



Compensation[edit]
While CEO of Norfolk Southern in 2008, Moorman earned a total compensation of just over $9 million, which included a base salary of $950,000, a cash bonus of $1,759,400, stocks granted of $6,768,618, and options granted of $2,415,000.[10] Moorman's contract with Amtrak calls for him to be paid $1 per year with incentive pay up to $500,000 per year based on criteria set by the Amtrak Board of Directors.[11]
See also[edit]

List of railroad executives

References[edit]



^ a b Amtrak (August 19, 2016). "Amtrak Names Industry Veteran Wick Moorman President And Chief Executive Officer". PRNewswire (Press release). Retrieved August 19, 2016. 
^ a b "Moorman named as Amtrak President". Railway Gazette. August 19, 2016. Retrieved August 19, 2016. 
^ "May 2008". Principal Officers. Norfolk Southern Corporation. Retrieved 2008-05-18. 
^ "October 2006". Buzz Words. Georgia Tech Alumni Association. Archived from the original on 2007-09-05. Retrieved 2007-09-06. 
^ "December 2007". CHARLES W. MOORMAN CHAIRMAN OF UNITED WAY'S 1994 NORFOLK CAMPAIGN. Retrieved 2007-12-22. 
^ "The Teke Guide" (PDF). Tau Kappa Epsilon Fraternity. March 9, 2010. Retrieved December 14, 2015. 
^ "Norfolk Southern CEO Wick Moorman named Railway Age Railroader of the Year". Railway Age. December 9, 2010. Archived from the original on December 11, 2010. Retrieved December 13, 2010. 
^ Norfolk Southern Corporation (May 10, 2013). "Norfolk Southern Names Six to Senior Management Positions" (Press release). Retrieved March 4, 2014. 
^ Aratani, Lori (26 June 2017). "Amtrak names new chief executive". Washington Post. Retrieved 27 June 2017. 
^ 2008 CEO Compensation for Charles W. Moorman Archived April 14, 2009, at the Wayback Machine., Equilar.com
^ Amtrak taps "Wick" Moorman, retired top executive at Norfolk Southern, as its next CEO.



External links[edit]

Official Amtrak Biography - Charles W. Moorman IV



Business positions


Preceded by
David R. Goode
President of Norfolk Southern Railway
2004 – 2013
Succeeded by
James A. Squires


Preceded by
David R. Goode
CEO of Norfolk Southern Corporation
2005 – 2015
Succeeded by
James A. Squires


Preceded by
Joseph H. Boardman
President and CEO of Amtrak
2016 - 2017
Succeeded by
Richard Anderson


Awards and achievements


Preceded by
Matthew K. Rose (BNSF)
Railroader of the Year
2011
Succeeded by
David L. Starling






This biography related to rail transport in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e








This article about an American businessperson born in the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Charles_Moorman&oldid=788628626"					
Categories: Georgia Institute of Technology alumniNorfolk Southern Railway peopleHarvard Business School alumni1953 birthsLiving peopleAmerican railroadersAmerican railroad executives of the 21st centuryDirectors of Chevron CorporationAmtrak presidents20th-century American businesspeopleAmerican rail transportation biography stubsAmerican business biography, 1950s birth stubsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksBLP articles lacking sources from July 2007All BLP articles lacking sourcesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2007All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 14:48.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Charles Moorman - Wikipedia




















 






Charles Moorman

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the U.S. federal judge (1876-1938), see Charles Harwood Moorman. For the American academic, see Charles W. Moorman III.





This biography of a living person needs additional citations for verification. Please help by adding reliable sources. Contentious material about living persons that is unsourced or poorly sourced must be removed immediately, especially if potentially libelous or harmful. (July 2007) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




Charles W. Moorman IV





President and CEO of Amtrak


In office
September 1, 2016 – June 26, 2017


Preceded by
Joseph H. Boardman


Succeeded by
Richard Anderson





Charles Wickliffe "Wick" Moorman IV (born 1953 in Hattiesburg, Mississippi) is an American businessman and railroader. Moorman is currently the President and CEO of Amtrak.[1][2] Prior to his hiring by Amtrak, Moorman served as chairman, president and CEO of Norfolk Southern Railway.[3] At Norfolk Southern, he succeeded David R. Goode on February 1, 2006. Moorman served as president from 2004 to 2013 and chief executive officer from 2005 until his initial retirement in 2015.[citation needed]
Moorman has served in a number of leadership positions at Norfolk Southern and its predecessor railroads including senior vice president corporate planning and services, president of Thoroughbred Technology and Telecommunications, vice president information technology, and vice president personnel and labor relations.
Moorman is a 1975 graduate of Georgia Tech[4] and Harvard Business School, he joined Norfolk Southern in 1970 as a Co-Op while still attending Georgia Tech.[5] He was also a member of Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity.[6]
On December 9, 2010, Railway Age named Moorman the Railroader of the Year recipient for 2011.[7]
In 2011, Moorman was involved in the launch of the 21st Century Steam, a revival of Norfolk Southern's popular steam excursion program which had been ended in 1994. On June 1, 2013, Moorman was succeeded as president of Norfolk Southern by James A. Squires.[8]
On August 19, 2016, Amtrak announced that Moorman had been selected to become the railroad's new president and CEO to succeed Joseph H. Boardman on September 1.[1][2] Moorman served as CEO for less than one year before being replaced by Richard Anderson in June 2017.[9] Moorman remain with Amtrak as “transitional CEO” until the end of 2017.



Contents


1 Compensation
2 See also
3 References
4 External links



Compensation[edit]
While CEO of Norfolk Southern in 2008, Moorman earned a total compensation of just over $9 million, which included a base salary of $950,000, a cash bonus of $1,759,400, stocks granted of $6,768,618, and options granted of $2,415,000.[10] Moorman's contract with Amtrak calls for him to be paid $1 per year with incentive pay up to $500,000 per year based on criteria set by the Amtrak Board of Directors.[11]
See also[edit]

List of railroad executives

References[edit]



^ a b Amtrak (August 19, 2016). "Amtrak Names Industry Veteran Wick Moorman President And Chief Executive Officer". PRNewswire (Press release). Retrieved August 19, 2016. 
^ a b "Moorman named as Amtrak President". Railway Gazette. August 19, 2016. Retrieved August 19, 2016. 
^ "May 2008". Principal Officers. Norfolk Southern Corporation. Retrieved 2008-05-18. 
^ "October 2006". Buzz Words. Georgia Tech Alumni Association. Archived from the original on 2007-09-05. Retrieved 2007-09-06. 
^ "December 2007". CHARLES W. MOORMAN CHAIRMAN OF UNITED WAY'S 1994 NORFOLK CAMPAIGN. Retrieved 2007-12-22. 
^ "The Teke Guide" (PDF). Tau Kappa Epsilon Fraternity. March 9, 2010. Retrieved December 14, 2015. 
^ "Norfolk Southern CEO Wick Moorman named Railway Age Railroader of the Year". Railway Age. December 9, 2010. Archived from the original on December 11, 2010. Retrieved December 13, 2010. 
^ Norfolk Southern Corporation (May 10, 2013). "Norfolk Southern Names Six to Senior Management Positions" (Press release). Retrieved March 4, 2014. 
^ Aratani, Lori (26 June 2017). "Amtrak names new chief executive". Washington Post. Retrieved 27 June 2017. 
^ 2008 CEO Compensation for Charles W. Moorman Archived April 14, 2009, at the Wayback Machine., Equilar.com
^ Amtrak taps "Wick" Moorman, retired top executive at Norfolk Southern, as its next CEO.



External links[edit]

Official Amtrak Biography - Charles W. Moorman IV



Business positions


Preceded by
David R. Goode
President of Norfolk Southern Railway
2004 – 2013
Succeeded by
James A. Squires


Preceded by
David R. Goode
CEO of Norfolk Southern Corporation
2005 – 2015
Succeeded by
James A. Squires


Preceded by
Joseph H. Boardman
President and CEO of Amtrak
2016 - 2017
Succeeded by
Richard Anderson


Awards and achievements


Preceded by
Matthew K. Rose (BNSF)
Railroader of the Year
2011
Succeeded by
David L. Starling






This biography related to rail transport in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e








This article about an American businessperson born in the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Charles_Moorman&oldid=788628626"					
Categories: Georgia Institute of Technology alumniNorfolk Southern Railway peopleHarvard Business School alumni1953 birthsLiving peopleAmerican railroadersAmerican railroad executives of the 21st centuryDirectors of Chevron CorporationAmtrak presidents20th-century American businesspeopleAmerican rail transportation biography stubsAmerican business biography, 1950s birth stubsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksBLP articles lacking sources from July 2007All BLP articles lacking sourcesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2007All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 14:48.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Charles Moorman - Wikipedia




















 






Charles Moorman

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the U.S. federal judge (1876-1938), see Charles Harwood Moorman. For the American academic, see Charles W. Moorman III.





This biography of a living person needs additional citations for verification. Please help by adding reliable sources. Contentious material about living persons that is unsourced or poorly sourced must be removed immediately, especially if potentially libelous or harmful. (July 2007) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




Charles W. Moorman IV





President and CEO of Amtrak


In office
September 1, 2016 – June 26, 2017


Preceded by
Joseph H. Boardman


Succeeded by
Richard Anderson





Charles Wickliffe "Wick" Moorman IV (born 1953 in Hattiesburg, Mississippi) is an American businessman and railroader. Moorman is currently the President and CEO of Amtrak.[1][2] Prior to his hiring by Amtrak, Moorman served as chairman, president and CEO of Norfolk Southern Railway.[3] At Norfolk Southern, he succeeded David R. Goode on February 1, 2006. Moorman served as president from 2004 to 2013 and chief executive officer from 2005 until his initial retirement in 2015.[citation needed]
Moorman has served in a number of leadership positions at Norfolk Southern and its predecessor railroads including senior vice president corporate planning and services, president of Thoroughbred Technology and Telecommunications, vice president information technology, and vice president personnel and labor relations.
Moorman is a 1975 graduate of Georgia Tech[4] and Harvard Business School, he joined Norfolk Southern in 1970 as a Co-Op while still attending Georgia Tech.[5] He was also a member of Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity.[6]
On December 9, 2010, Railway Age named Moorman the Railroader of the Year recipient for 2011.[7]
In 2011, Moorman was involved in the launch of the 21st Century Steam, a revival of Norfolk Southern's popular steam excursion program which had been ended in 1994. On June 1, 2013, Moorman was succeeded as president of Norfolk Southern by James A. Squires.[8]
On August 19, 2016, Amtrak announced that Moorman had been selected to become the railroad's new president and CEO to succeed Joseph H. Boardman on September 1.[1][2] Moorman served as CEO for less than one year before being replaced by Richard Anderson in June 2017.[9] Moorman remain with Amtrak as “transitional CEO” until the end of 2017.



Contents


1 Compensation
2 See also
3 References
4 External links



Compensation[edit]
While CEO of Norfolk Southern in 2008, Moorman earned a total compensation of just over $9 million, which included a base salary of $950,000, a cash bonus of $1,759,400, stocks granted of $6,768,618, and options granted of $2,415,000.[10] Moorman's contract with Amtrak calls for him to be paid $1 per year with incentive pay up to $500,000 per year based on criteria set by the Amtrak Board of Directors.[11]
See also[edit]

List of railroad executives

References[edit]



^ a b Amtrak (August 19, 2016). "Amtrak Names Industry Veteran Wick Moorman President And Chief Executive Officer". PRNewswire (Press release). Retrieved August 19, 2016. 
^ a b "Moorman named as Amtrak President". Railway Gazette. August 19, 2016. Retrieved August 19, 2016. 
^ "May 2008". Principal Officers. Norfolk Southern Corporation. Retrieved 2008-05-18. 
^ "October 2006". Buzz Words. Georgia Tech Alumni Association. Archived from the original on 2007-09-05. Retrieved 2007-09-06. 
^ "December 2007". CHARLES W. MOORMAN CHAIRMAN OF UNITED WAY'S 1994 NORFOLK CAMPAIGN. Retrieved 2007-12-22. 
^ "The Teke Guide" (PDF). Tau Kappa Epsilon Fraternity. March 9, 2010. Retrieved December 14, 2015. 
^ "Norfolk Southern CEO Wick Moorman named Railway Age Railroader of the Year". Railway Age. December 9, 2010. Archived from the original on December 11, 2010. Retrieved December 13, 2010. 
^ Norfolk Southern Corporation (May 10, 2013). "Norfolk Southern Names Six to Senior Management Positions" (Press release). Retrieved March 4, 2014. 
^ Aratani, Lori (26 June 2017). "Amtrak names new chief executive". Washington Post. Retrieved 27 June 2017. 
^ 2008 CEO Compensation for Charles W. Moorman Archived April 14, 2009, at the Wayback Machine., Equilar.com
^ Amtrak taps "Wick" Moorman, retired top executive at Norfolk Southern, as its next CEO.



External links[edit]

Official Amtrak Biography - Charles W. Moorman IV



Business positions


Preceded by
David R. Goode
President of Norfolk Southern Railway
2004 – 2013
Succeeded by
James A. Squires


Preceded by
David R. Goode
CEO of Norfolk Southern Corporation
2005 – 2015
Succeeded by
James A. Squires


Preceded by
Joseph H. Boardman
President and CEO of Amtrak
2016 - 2017
Succeeded by
Richard Anderson


Awards and achievements


Preceded by
Matthew K. Rose (BNSF)
Railroader of the Year
2011
Succeeded by
David L. Starling






This biography related to rail transport in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e








This article about an American businessperson born in the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Charles_Moorman&oldid=788628626"					
Categories: Georgia Institute of Technology alumniNorfolk Southern Railway peopleHarvard Business School alumni1953 birthsLiving peopleAmerican railroadersAmerican railroad executives of the 21st centuryDirectors of Chevron CorporationAmtrak presidents20th-century American businesspeopleAmerican rail transportation biography stubsAmerican business biography, 1950s birth stubsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksBLP articles lacking sources from July 2007All BLP articles lacking sourcesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2007All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 14:48.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Charles Moorman - Wikipedia




















 






Charles Moorman

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the U.S. federal judge (1876-1938), see Charles Harwood Moorman. For the American academic, see Charles W. Moorman III.





This biography of a living person needs additional citations for verification. Please help by adding reliable sources. Contentious material about living persons that is unsourced or poorly sourced must be removed immediately, especially if potentially libelous or harmful. (July 2007) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




Charles W. Moorman IV





President and CEO of Amtrak


In office
September 1, 2016 – June 26, 2017


Preceded by
Joseph H. Boardman


Succeeded by
Richard Anderson





Charles Wickliffe "Wick" Moorman IV (born 1953 in Hattiesburg, Mississippi) is an American businessman and railroader. Moorman is currently the President and CEO of Amtrak.[1][2] Prior to his hiring by Amtrak, Moorman served as chairman, president and CEO of Norfolk Southern Railway.[3] At Norfolk Southern, he succeeded David R. Goode on February 1, 2006. Moorman served as president from 2004 to 2013 and chief executive officer from 2005 until his initial retirement in 2015.[citation needed]
Moorman has served in a number of leadership positions at Norfolk Southern and its predecessor railroads including senior vice president corporate planning and services, president of Thoroughbred Technology and Telecommunications, vice president information technology, and vice president personnel and labor relations.
Moorman is a 1975 graduate of Georgia Tech[4] and Harvard Business School, he joined Norfolk Southern in 1970 as a Co-Op while still attending Georgia Tech.[5] He was also a member of Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity.[6]
On December 9, 2010, Railway Age named Moorman the Railroader of the Year recipient for 2011.[7]
In 2011, Moorman was involved in the launch of the 21st Century Steam, a revival of Norfolk Southern's popular steam excursion program which had been ended in 1994. On June 1, 2013, Moorman was succeeded as president of Norfolk Southern by James A. Squires.[8]
On August 19, 2016, Amtrak announced that Moorman had been selected to become the railroad's new president and CEO to succeed Joseph H. Boardman on September 1.[1][2] Moorman served as CEO for less than one year before being replaced by Richard Anderson in June 2017.[9] Moorman remain with Amtrak as “transitional CEO” until the end of 2017.



Contents


1 Compensation
2 See also
3 References
4 External links



Compensation[edit]
While CEO of Norfolk Southern in 2008, Moorman earned a total compensation of just over $9 million, which included a base salary of $950,000, a cash bonus of $1,759,400, stocks granted of $6,768,618, and options granted of $2,415,000.[10] Moorman's contract with Amtrak calls for him to be paid $1 per year with incentive pay up to $500,000 per year based on criteria set by the Amtrak Board of Directors.[11]
See also[edit]

List of railroad executives

References[edit]



^ a b Amtrak (August 19, 2016). "Amtrak Names Industry Veteran Wick Moorman President And Chief Executive Officer". PRNewswire (Press release). Retrieved August 19, 2016. 
^ a b "Moorman named as Amtrak President". Railway Gazette. August 19, 2016. Retrieved August 19, 2016. 
^ "May 2008". Principal Officers. Norfolk Southern Corporation. Retrieved 2008-05-18. 
^ "October 2006". Buzz Words. Georgia Tech Alumni Association. Archived from the original on 2007-09-05. Retrieved 2007-09-06. 
^ "December 2007". CHARLES W. MOORMAN CHAIRMAN OF UNITED WAY'S 1994 NORFOLK CAMPAIGN. Retrieved 2007-12-22. 
^ "The Teke Guide" (PDF). Tau Kappa Epsilon Fraternity. March 9, 2010. Retrieved December 14, 2015. 
^ "Norfolk Southern CEO Wick Moorman named Railway Age Railroader of the Year". Railway Age. December 9, 2010. Archived from the original on December 11, 2010. Retrieved December 13, 2010. 
^ Norfolk Southern Corporation (May 10, 2013). "Norfolk Southern Names Six to Senior Management Positions" (Press release). Retrieved March 4, 2014. 
^ Aratani, Lori (26 June 2017). "Amtrak names new chief executive". Washington Post. Retrieved 27 June 2017. 
^ 2008 CEO Compensation for Charles W. Moorman Archived April 14, 2009, at the Wayback Machine., Equilar.com
^ Amtrak taps "Wick" Moorman, retired top executive at Norfolk Southern, as its next CEO.



External links[edit]

Official Amtrak Biography - Charles W. Moorman IV



Business positions


Preceded by
David R. Goode
President of Norfolk Southern Railway
2004 – 2013
Succeeded by
James A. Squires


Preceded by
David R. Goode
CEO of Norfolk Southern Corporation
2005 – 2015
Succeeded by
James A. Squires


Preceded by
Joseph H. Boardman
President and CEO of Amtrak
2016 - 2017
Succeeded by
Richard Anderson


Awards and achievements


Preceded by
Matthew K. Rose (BNSF)
Railroader of the Year
2011
Succeeded by
David L. Starling






This biography related to rail transport in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e








This article about an American businessperson born in the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Charles_Moorman&oldid=788628626"					
Categories: Georgia Institute of Technology alumniNorfolk Southern Railway peopleHarvard Business School alumni1953 birthsLiving peopleAmerican railroadersAmerican railroad executives of the 21st centuryDirectors of Chevron CorporationAmtrak presidents20th-century American businesspeopleAmerican rail transportation biography stubsAmerican business biography, 1950s birth stubsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksBLP articles lacking sources from July 2007All BLP articles lacking sourcesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2007All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 14:48.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 

















Executive Profiles - CEO Biographies - Boardroom Insiders - Homepage
  






































































                    Home
                  



					About Us	
                  



					FAQ	
                  



					Resources	
                  



					Blog	
                  



					Contact	
                  




View Sample Profiles




Log In

































						The Other Guys Tell You Who To Call.
						We Tell You What They Want to Talk About.

We've done the research so you don’t have to. 



Request a Demo
View Samples











These companies are using Boardroom Insiders to close bigger deals, faster:


































 RECENTLY UPDATED PROFILES 



 
 



								    
								

James J. (Jim) Kavanaugh, SVP, Transformation And Operations, IBM Corporation (International Business Machines Corp.)     Last Updated: 07/23/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Michael Smith, Global Head Of Digital & Innovation And Global Business Services, Mylan Inc.     Last Updated: 07/23/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Arthur D. (Art) Levinson, CEO, Calico Life Sciences, LLC, Alphabet Inc.     Last Updated: 07/23/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Richard (Rich) Pierle, VP And CIO, Becton, Dickinson And Company     Last Updated: 07/23/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Christopher B. (Chris) Heck, VP And CIO, Duke Energy Corporation     Last Updated: 07/23/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Mitch Smith, Director, U.S. Quality Systems, Agricultural Products, McDonald's Corporation     Last Updated: 07/23/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Jonathan Bourgoine, VP And CTO, Mattel Inc.     Last Updated: 07/23/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Ed Stroh, VP, Order Management System (OMS) Operations, Target Corporation     Last Updated: 07/23/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Stephen Terence Odell, EVP, Global Marketing, Sales And Service, Ford Motor Company     Last Updated: 07/23/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Andrew Vagenas, Co-Founder And CEO, Pharmapacks LLC     Last Updated: 07/23/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Gregory S (Greg) Weishar, CEO, PharMerica Corporation     Last Updated: 07/23/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Preston Mosier, SVP, Fulfillment Operations, Target Corporation     Last Updated: 07/23/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Eberhard Hoffmann, Interim Head, IT Organization, Rohlig Logistics     Last Updated: 07/23/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Bruce Starnes III, VP, Digital Solutions, Target Corporation     Last Updated: 07/23/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Rob Anderson, Director, Guest Experience, Target.com And Mobile Product, Target Corporation     Last Updated: 07/23/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Jennifer Silberman, Chief Sustainability Officer, Target Corporation     Last Updated: 07/23/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Alfred Leicht, Head, Data Processing, DZ Bank AG     Last Updated: 07/23/2017 
    
 



								    
								

John Prince, CEO, OptumRx, UnitedHealth Group, Inc.     Last Updated: 07/22/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Timothy J. (Tim) Whall, President And CEO, ADT LLC, Apollo Global Management, LLC     Last Updated: 07/22/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Jeffrey Alan (Jeff) Likosar, CFO, ADT LLC, Apollo Global Management, LLC     Last Updated: 07/22/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Ronald L. (Ron) Jadin, SVP And CFO, W.W. Grainger Inc.     Last Updated: 07/22/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Jonathan Mark (Jon) Pruzan, EVP And CFO, Morgan Stanley     Last Updated: 07/22/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Thomas Colm Kelleher, President, Morgan Stanley     Last Updated: 07/22/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Niklas Heuveldop, SVP, Chief Strategy Officer, And Head, Technology And Emerging Business, Ericsson     Last Updated: 07/22/2017 
    
 



								    
								

Börje E. Ekholm, President And CEO, Ericsson     Last Updated: 07/22/2017 
   






						 If you know what these decision makers are thinking, 
						 what more do you need?
						
Request a Demo










View Sample Profiles
Boardroom Insiders profiles tell you what's top-of-mind with the people influencing your sale. They are essential tools for:


enabling business-level conversations with executive decision makers
preparing for customer meetings, executive briefings, and CXO events
creating strategic account plans for key customers





 Dhivya SuryadevaraVP, Finance and TreasurerGeneral Motors Company   Last Updated: 07/05/2017    Tarek A. RobbiatiCFOSprint Corporation   Last Updated: 06/23/2017    Juan R. PerezChief Information and Engineering OfficerUnited Parcel Service (UPS)   Last Updated: 06/20/2017    Rahul D. SamantSVP and CIODelta Air Lines, Inc.   Last Updated: 06/02/2017    Shawn PurvisVP and CIONorthrop Grumman Corporation   Last Updated: 02/16/2017    Mark T. SmuckerPresident and CEOJ.M. Smucker Company   Last Updated: 06/10/2017    Denise C. JohnsonGroup President, Resource IndustriesCaterpillar Inc.   Last Updated: 04/03/2017    Kathleen D. (Kathy) McElligottEVP, CIO and CTOMcKesson Corporation   Last Updated: 04/25/2017    Karen Lynch ParkhillEVP and CFOMedtronic Inc.   Last Updated: 04/22/2017    Tony RogersSVP and CMO, Walmart U.S.Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.   Last Updated: 06/20/2017    Edward H. (Ed) BastianCEODelta Air Lines, Inc.   Last Updated: 07/06/2017    James E. (Jes) StaleyGroup CEOBarclays Bank PLC   Last Updated: 07/18/2017    

View Now - See How We're Different















Get our new eBook
Our new ebook for sales and marketing pros is hot off the presses  and it is our gift to you.
Get instant access to "Best Practices for C-Suite Selling" and you will learn:


Why You Need To Be in the C-Suite
Why Executive Insight is Critical
Research Essentials for C-Suite Selling
The Do's and Don'ts of CXO Engagement
How to Manage Your Fear in the C-Suite
Five Tips for More Effective CXO Events


 

Download Free













Why You Need Executive Insight
Watch this video to learn:


How customer intelligence can make or break sales calls
How to enable your sales people to have business-level conversations
How your organization can benefit from executive insight







 









© 2017 Boardroom Insiders, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


Privacy Policy
Contact Us





















Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
