


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















JPMorgan Emerging Markets Equity Fund - A - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar



JPMorgan Emerging Markets Equity Fund(JFAMX)A CILR5R6  Compare Funds 

Hypothetical Tool 




OverviewKey PointsPerformanceCommentaryFees & MinimumsPortfolioManagementDocuments 



	As of April 3, 2017, this fund's Select share class has been renamed to I. Please see the prospectus for more details.
 








	JPMORGAN EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY FUND

Your guide to the world’s most dynamic economies.

Leveraging our global research and local insights on the world’s fastest-growing markets, the Emerging Markets Equity Fund seeks to identify high-quality businesses that compound earnings sustainably over the long term.
Fund Story  
Commentary  











Overview widget loading ...







Key Points

Expertise


		Comprehensive research and local knowledge; 100 dedicated investment professionals across nine locations around the globe.

Portfolio


		High-conviction strategy with a growth and quality focus and long-term investment horizon that integrates environmental, social and governance considerations.

Success


		Outperformed the MSCI Emerging Markets Index over the latest one-, three-, five- and 10-year periods.1





	SHARE OF GLOBAL NOMINAL CONSUMPTION

	Current dollar household expenditures, 2004–2014


 



1 Source: For I Shares as of 3/31/17.

Chart source: Chart source: Morningstar, J.P. Morgan Asset Management; as of 3/31/17. Morningstar Diversified Emerging Markets Category. Returns shown are for the I Shares. Other share classes may have higher expenses, resulting in lower returns. Returns with dividend and capital gains reinvested. There is no direct correlation between a hypothetical investment and the anticipated performance of the Fund. Past performance does not guarantee future results.





Performance
Performance widget loading ...



Commentary

As of June 30, 2017 

	Quarter in review


		The JPMorgan Emerging Markets Equity Fund (I Class Shares) outperformed the benchmark, the MSCI Emerging Markets Index (net of foreign withholding taxes), for the quarter ended June 30, 2017.

		Stock selection was strongest in China where exposure to the financial services sector was a leading contributor. Pan-Asian insurance provider AIA Group Ltd. (3.8% portfolio weighting) posted strong first-quarter results in April, including a 55% year-on-year jump in first-quarter new business—a record for a business that has continually outperformed consensus.

		Exposure to Saudi Arabia aided performance in the quarter and the portfolio’s position in Almarai (0.9% portfolio weighting), the largest dairy company in the Middle East, was a leading contributor to performance. Stocks in the market responded favorably to the announcement in June that Mohammed bin Salman, the architect of the kingdom's economic reforms, was appointed crown prince.

		An underweight exposure to Korea, the result of individual stock selection rather than country allocation, was a headwind to performance in the second quarter. Korea saw its strongest performance in the past five years following the election of President Moon in May. Consumer sentiment improved to levels not seen in the past three years, boosted by post-election optimism.

		In addition, underweight exposure to Taiwanese hardware manufacturers negatively affected performance. These companies have outperformed in anticipation of strong demand for memory chips and other components in the second half of the year, reducing concerns about oversupply and margin pressure in the industry.


	Looking ahead


		The strong performance of emerging markets stocks this year is testament to the long-awaited improvement in fundamentals currently under way. Strong global markets and a weakening dollar have also helped. We believe these trends are likely to last for some time, suggesting the recovery in emerging markets equities still has room to go.

		Flows are reflecting this improved outlook, and the opportunity seems to be taking the lead over potential risks, including a China slowdown, weak commodity prices, and U.S. protectionism.

		MSCI’s decision to start including China A shares in its indices next year shines a light on a conclusion our investors made some time ago: that many of the most interesting ways to access China’s growth are consumer, health-care and services companies found only in the domestic market.






Fees and Minimums
Fees widget loading ...


Portfolio
Portfolio widget loading ...							
							


Management
Fund Managers 












 Leon  Eidelman Portfolio Manager







 Austin  Forey Portfolio Manager







 Amit  Mehta Portfolio Manager

Load More 



Documents 
Fund Literature

 

Quarterly Fact Sheet: Emerging Markets Equity Fund (A)




Fund Story: Emerging Markets Equity


Presentation: Emerging Markets Equity Fund



Commentary: Emerging Markets Equity Fund




2016 full-year commentary: Emerging Markets Equity Fund







Load More 


 
Supplemental Information

 Product Guide



Supplemental Data Sheet - Emerging Markets Equity Fund




Investing Sustainably: ESG in Emerging Markets




Quarterly Certified Holdings - JPMorgan Emerging Markets Equity Fund




Sales Charge / Dealer Concession Schedule




2016 JPMorgan Funds Capital Gains Distribution







Load More 



 
Regulatory Documents

 

Summary Prospectus




Prospectus




Annual Report




Semi Annual Report




Statement of Additional Information







Load More 





Disclaimer1Please refer to the prospectus for additional information about cut-off times. Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The Fund's adviser and/or its affiliates have contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses to the extent Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, dividend and interest expenses related to short sales, interest, taxes, expenses related to litigation and potential litigation and extraordinary expenses) exceed 1.35% for A Shares, 1.85% for C Shares, 1.10% for I Shares, 0.95% for L Shares, 0.95% for R5 Shares and 0.85% for R6 Shares of the average daily net assets. The Fund may invest in one or more money market funds advised by the adviser or its affiliates (affiliated money market funds). The Fund's adviser has contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses in an amount sufficient to offset the fees and expenses of the affiliated money market funds incurred by the Fund because of the Fund's investment in such money market funds. This waiver is in effect through 2/28/2018 for A Shares, 2/28/2018 for C Shares, 2/28/2018 for I Shares, 2/28/2018 for L Shares, 2/28/2018 for R5 Shares and 2/28/2018 for R6 Shares, at which time the adviser and/or its affiliates will determine whether to renew or revise it. The difference between net and gross fees includes all applicable fee waivers and expense reimbursements. The quoted performance of the Fund includes performance of a predecessor fund/share class prior to the Fund's commencement of operations. Please refer to the current prospectus for further information.  Mutual funds have fees that reduce their performance: indexes do not. You cannot invest directly in an index. The MSCI Emerging Markets Index (net of foreign withholding taxes) is a free float-adjusted market capitalization weighted index measuring emerging market equity performance. The performance of the Lipper Emerging Markets Funds Index includes expenses associated with a mutual fund, such as investment management fees. These expenses are not identical to the expenses charged by the Fund. An individual cannot invest directly in an index. Total return figures (for the fund and any index quoted) assume payment of fees and reinvestment of dividends (after the highest applicable foreign withholding tax) and distributions. Without fee waivers, fund returns would have been lower. Due to rounding, some values may not total 100%. Â©2017, American Bankers Association, CUSIP Database provided by the Standard & Poor's CUSIP Service Bureau, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved.The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10- year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.Rankings do not take sales loads into account.The following risks could cause the fund to lose money or perform more poorly than other investments. For more complete risk information, see the prospectus. International investing bears greater risk due to social, economic, regulatory and political instability in countries in "emerging markets." This makes emerging market securities more volatile and less liquid developed market securities. Changes in exchange rates and differences in accounting and taxation policies outside the U.S. can also affect returns. Investments in foreign currencies and foreign issuers are subject to additional risks, including political and economic risks, greater volatility, civil conflicts and war, currency fluctuations, higher transaction costs, delayed settlement, possible foreign controls on investment, expropriation and nationalization risks, and less stringent investor protection and disclosure standards of foreign markets. These risks are magnified in countries in "emerging markets."Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The top 10 holdings listed reflect only the Fund's long-term investments. Short-term investments are excluded. Holdings are subject to change. The holdings listed should not be considered recommendations to purchase or sell a particular security. Each individual security is calculated as a percentage of the aggregate market value of the securities held in the Fund and does not include the use of derivative positions, where applicable. P/E ratio: the number by which earnings per share is multiplied to estimate a stock's value.  P/B ratio: the relationship between a stock's price and the book value of that stock. Sharpe ratio measures the fund's excess return compared to a risk-free investment. The higher the Sharpe ratio, the better the returns relative to the risk taken. Tracking Error: The active risk of the portfolio, which determines the annualized standard deviation of the excess returns between the portfolio and the benchmark. Alpha: The relationship between the performance of the Fund and its beta over a three-year period of time. Standard deviation/Volatility: A statistical measure of the degree to which the Fund's returns have varied from its historical average. The higher the standard deviation, the wider the range of returns from its average and the greater the historical volatility. The standard deviation is calculated over a 36-month period based on Fund's monthly returns. The standard deviation shown is based on the Fund's Class A Shares or the oldest share class, where Class A Shares are not available. R2: The percentage of a Fund's movements that result from movements in the index ranging from 0 to 100. A Fund with an R2 of 100 means that 100 percent of the Fund's movement can completely be explained by movements in the Fund's external index benchmark. EPS: Total earnings divided by the number of shares outstanding. Risk measures are calculated based upon the Funds' broad-based index as stated in the prospectus.

















Equity - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Equity
			




Build stronger equity portfolios

	Our equity expertise is founded on deep resources across regions and sectors, and a commitment to nurture the brightest talent. Delivering consistent results is at the heart of everything we do.
VIEW OUR EQUITY FUNDS


OUTCOME-ORIENTED ACTIVE MANAGEMENT 

Research Driven
Benefit from the local market expertise and deep resources of our globally integrated team of experienced equity investment professionals.


Actionable Insights
Gain a broader view on equity markets with our timely macro and market views and be guided by our proprietary portfolio insights and equity analytic tools.  
 

Outcome Oriented
Invest across a broad range of actively managed equity strategies, covering multiple investment styles and geographies.


Demonstrated Results
Partner with one of the world’s leading equity managers and benefit from our long history of innovation and success.



Featured equity funds


U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity



U.S. Equity




U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity
















Equity Funds
                         


U.S. Equity Funds  
International & Global Equity Funds  




Other Asset Classes
                         


Fixed Income Funds  
Multi-Asset Solutions  
Alternatives Funds  
Money Market Funds  


















Guide to the Markets - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Guide to the Markets
			



Guide to the Markets
                         


	The Guide illustrates a comprehensive array of market and economic histories, trends and statistics through clear, compelling charts and graphs you can share with your clients.


LAUNCH THE VIEWER


Download the 3Q 2017 Guide to the Markets






Economic & Market Update
Watch Dr. David Kelly’s quarterly presentation using slides from the Guide to the Markets.Continue reading  


On the Bench
Need more Guide to the Markets? Access an additional collection of Guide to the Markets slides, updated on a quarterly basis.Continue reading  


Investing Principles
The Principles for successful long-term investing presentation uses select slides from the Guide to the Markets to explain seven key investment principles that financial professionals can use with their clients. Continue reading  


 Introducing the Guide to the Markets for the third quarter of 2017July 3, 2017Dr. David Kelly, Chief Global Strategist, J.P. Morgan Funds, previews this quarter's themes and invites you to subscribe to the Guide to the Markets. 


 

Quarterly Perspectives





                            Often referred to as the 'guide to the Guide', Quarterly Perspectives provides insightful stories and quarterly themes using slides from the Guide to the Markets. 
                            
View Quarterly Perspectives



Portfolio Discussions





                            Focusing on different asset classes or regions, Portfolio Discussions help to frame investment conversations using slides from Guide to the Markets. 
                            

View Portfolio Discussions





Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights


The J. P. Morgan Insights app 

A new way for financial advisors to access and customize J.P. Morgan intellectual capital
                         

                            Get the Insights app:
                            


           
              



Learn more about the Insights App











Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss.
Bonds are subject to interest rate risks. Bond prices generally fall when interest rates rise.
The price of equity securities may rise or fall because of changes in the broad market or changes in a company's financial condition, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably. Equity securities are subject to "stock market risk" meaning that stock prices in general may decline over short or extended periods of time.
International investing involves a greater degree of risk and increased volatility. Changes in currency exchange rates and differences in accounting and taxation policies outside the U.S. can raise or lower returns. Also, some overseas markets may not be as politically and economically stable as the United States and other nations. Investments in emerging markets can be more volatile.
Real estate investments may be subject to a higher degree of market risk because of concentration in a specific industry, sector or geographical sector. Real estate investments may be subject to risks including, but not limited to, declines in the value of real estate, risks related to general and economic conditions, changes in the value of the underlying property owned by the trust and defaults by borrower.
Investments in commodities may have greater volatility than investments in traditional securities, particularly if the instruments involve leverage. The value of commodity-linked derivative instruments may be affected by changes in overall market movements, commodity index volatility, changes in interest rates, or factors affecting a particular industry or commodity, such as drought, floods, weather, livestock disease, embargoes, tariffs and international economic, political and regulatory developments. Use of leveraged commodity-linked derivatives creates an opportunity for increased return but, at the same time, creates the possibility for greater loss. 
Derivatives may be riskier than other types of investments because they may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments and could result in losses that significantly exceed the original investment. The use of derivatives may not be successful, resulting in investment losses, and the cost of such strategies may reduce investment returns.
There is no guarantee that the use of long and short positions will succeed in limiting an investor's exposure to domestic stock market movements, capitalization, sector swings or other risk factors. Investing using long and short selling strategies may have higher portfolio turnover rates. Short selling involves certain risks, including additional costs associated with covering short positions and a possibility of unlimited loss on certain short sale positions.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties. 


















Products - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Products
			
Email ThisPrint


Investment Strategies

Providing clients with strategies and expertise that span the full spectrum of asset classes
                         


	As a global leader in asset management with assets under management of $1.7 trillion*, J.P. Morgan Asset Management provides more than 220 investment strategies spanning all major asset classes, investment styles and geographic regions.

	Investing with J.P. Morgan:


		a large global organization made up of small local teams

		a research-driven information advantage

		an unrelenting focus on risk management


* As of December 2015









Featured Funds
                         


Equity  
Fixed Income   
Multi-Asset Solutions   
Alternatives  
SmartRetirement Target Date Funds   
Exchange Traded Funds  
Money Market Funds  






		 





Product Spotlight


U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market



U.S. Equity




U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market























Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights
















Principle #1: Plan on Living a Long Time - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar








PRINCIPLE #1: PLAN ON LIVING A LONG TIME

DON’T LET YOUR CLIENTS' MONEY RUN OUT

Your clients are living longer, and many of them haven't saved enough. Use our Principles for Successful Long-Term Investing to talk to them about this reality, and to help them be prepared.
ACCESS ALL 7 PRINCIPLES







 














We are living longer

Thanks to advances in medicine and healthier lifestyles, people who are 65 today have a very good chance of reaching ages 80 or 90. A 65-year-old couple might be surprised to learn that at least one of them has a 48% probability of living another 25 years and needing investments to last until age 90.

	 

Many of us have not saved enough

Studies reveal that individuals do not feel adequately prepared for retirement. Investors should start early by saving more, investing with discipline and having a plan for their future.

	 

	 

Explore More Principles

Learn more about successful long-term investing
   NEXT PRINCIPLE   >   






4 STRATEGIES FOR LONG-TERM INVESTORS

We offer investment strategies covering all asset classes for diversification and risk management to help you and your clients build stronger portfolios.
ACCESS 4 HIGH CONVICTION FUNDS



Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss. Diversification among investment options and asset classes may help to reduce overall volatility.











































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Emerging Markets Bond Fund (PREMX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Emerging Markets Bond Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PREMX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/21/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$12.71
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.03
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/21/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								7.26%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$11.96
							
							-
							
								$12.87
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$6,585.69

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Emerging Markets Bond Fund among 
220,
220,
126
and 
48
Emerging Markets Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's investment objective is to provide high income and capital appreciation.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/21/2017)
								
							



						
						
							6.13%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							5.54%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							5.54%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					8.91%
				
			

				
					8.91%
				
			


3 Years

				
					5.10%
				
			

				
					5.10%
				
			


5 Years

				
					5.49%
				
			

				
					5.49%
				
			


10 Years

				
					6.61%
				
			

				
					6.61%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 10.58%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							10.58%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							December 30, 1994
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.92%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.92%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			


				The Emerging Markets Bond Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Sun Jul 23 03:02:52 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund





















404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















Over 80% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 3/31/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Asset Allocation





An Inside Look at T. Rowe Price® ActivePlus Portfolios

July 13, 2017









Retirement Planning





6 Key Ingredients for Retirement Planning

July 10, 2017









Markets & Economy





Quarterly Market Review

June 30, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*144 of our 330 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 122 of these 144 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 204 of 311 (66%), 175 of 213, 140 of 178 (79%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
24 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes). 23 of these 24 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 35 of 36, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 168 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 3/31/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














Emerging Markets Outlook & Equity Opportunities | WisdomTree



























                Menu 
                









WisdomTree ETFs                                                    







 



                                            All ETFs
                




 



                                            Equity ETFs
                




 



                                            Fixed Income ETFs
                




 



                                            Alternative ETFs
                




 



                                            Currency ETFs
                




 



                                            All Indexes
                














Strategies                                                    







 



                                            Smart Beta
                




 



                                            Rising Rates Solutions
                




 



                                            Currency Hedging
                




 



                                            Quality Dividend Growth
                




 



                                            Fixed Income Solutions
                




 



                                            Emerging Markets
                














Resource Library                                                    







 



                                            WisdomTree Resources
                




 



                                            Prospectus & Regulatory
                




 



                                            Fact Sheets & Reports
                














Investor Community                                                    







 



                                            Financial Advisors
                




 



                                            Institutional Accounts
                














Blog                                                    







 



                                            All Blogs
                




 



                                            ETF Education
                




 



                                            Emerging Markets
                




 



                                            Interest Rate Strategies
                
















                                    About
                                












                                            Who we are
                                        









                                            Contact Us
                                        









                                            Press Room
                                        









                                            Careers
                                        














                                                    Investor Relations
                                                













                                                    Contact Us
                                                













                                                International Sites 
                                            












Canada                                                    









Switzerland                                                    









Germany                                                    









Finland                                                    









France                                                    









United Kingdom                                                    









Ireland                                                    









Italy                                                    









Japan                                                    









Luxembourg                                                    









Netherlands                                                    









Norway                                                    









Sweden                                                    









United States















                                                        Sign In / Register
                                                
























 BACK 
                


















About




Who we are


Contact Us


Press Room


Careers





Investor Relations 

Contact Us 




USA






CAN





CHE





DEU





FIN





FRA





GBR





IRL





ITA





JPN





LUX





NLD





NOR





SWE










Get access to exclusive content, industry insights, and more:
SIGN IN/REGISTER

















                                            WisdomTree ETFs
                                        







                            All ETFs
                        



                            Equity ETFs
                        



                            Fixed Income ETFs
                        



                            Alternative ETFs
                        



                            Currency ETFs
                        



                            All Indexes
                        







                                    Domestic Dividends
                                



                                    Domestic Earnings
                                



                                    Multifactor
                                



                                    Developed World ex-U.S.
                                



                                    Global/Global ex-U.S.
                                



                                    Emerging/Frontier Markets
                                



                                    Currency Hedged Equity
                                





                                    Strategic Core
                                



                                    Fundamental
                                



                                    International
                                



                                    Interest Rate Strategies
                                




DYLS
WisdomTree Dynamic Long/Short U.S. Equity Fund


DYB
WisdomTree Dynamic Bearish U.S. Equity Fund


WDTI
WisdomTree Managed Futures Strategy 


PUTW
WisdomTree CBOE S&P 500 PutWrite Strategy Fund


RRF
Global Real Return


GCC
WisdomTree Continuous Commodity Index Fund





                                    Domestic
                                



                                    Emerging Markets
                                






DTD
WisdomTree U.S. Total Dividend Fund


DLN
WisdomTree U.S. LargeCap Dividend Fund


DON
WisdomTree U.S. MidCap Dividend Fund


DES
WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Dividend Fund


DHS
WisdomTree U.S. High Dividend Fund


DTN
WisdomTree U.S. Dividend ex-Financials Fund


DGRW
WisdomTree U.S. Quality Dividend Growth Fund


DGRS
WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Quality Dividend Growth Fund




EXT
WisdomTree U.S. Total Earnings Fund


EPS
WisdomTree U.S. Earnings 500 Fund


EZM
WisdomTree U.S. MidCap Earnings Fund


EES
WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Earnings Fund


EZY
WisdomTree U.S. LargeCap Value Fund


WUSA
WisdomTree U.S. Domestic Economy Fund


WEXP
WisdomTree U.S. Export and Multinational Fund




USMF
WisdomTree U.S. Multifactor Fund




DWM
WisdomTree International Equity Fund


DOL
WisdomTree International LargeCap Dividend Fund


DIM
WisdomTree International MidCap Dividend  Fund


DLS
WisdomTree International SmallCap Dividend Fund


DTH
WisdomTree International High Dividend Fund


DOO
WisdomTree International Dividend ex-Financials Fund


IQDG
WisdomTree International Quality Dividend Growth Fund


EUDG
WisdomTree Europe Quality Dividend Growth Fund


EDOM
WisdomTree Europe Domestic Economy Fund


DFE
WisdomTree Europe SmallCap Dividend Fund


DFJ
WisdomTree Japan SmallCap Dividend Fund


AUSE
WisdomTree Australia Dividend Fund




DEW
WisdomTree Global High Dividend Fund


DNL
WisdomTree Global ex‐U.S. Quality Dividend Growth Fund


GSD
WisdomTree Global SmallCap Dividend Fund


DRW
WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Real Estate Fund


AXJL
WisdomTree Asia Pacific ex-Japan Fund


XMX
WisdomTree Global ex-Mexico Equity Fund




DVEM
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Dividend Fund


DEM
WisdomTree Emerging Markets High Dividend Fund


DGS
WisdomTree Emerging Markets SmallCap Dividend Fund


DGRE
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Quality Dividend Growth Fund


EMCG
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Consumer Growth Fund


EMSD
WisdomTree Strong Dollar Emerging Markets Equity Fund


EPI
WisdomTree India Earnings Fund


XSOE
WisdomTree Emerging Markets ex-State-Owned Enterprises Fund


CXSE
WisdomTree China ex-State-Owned Enterprises Fund


GULF
WisdomTree Middle East Dividend Fund




HEDJ
WisdomTree Europe Hedged Equity Fund


EUSC
WisdomTree Europe Hedged SmallCap Equity Fund


DXGE
WisdomTree Germany Hedged Equity Fund


DXUS
WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Hedged Dividend Fund


IHDG
WisdomTree International Hedged Quality Dividend Growth Fund


HGSD
WisdomTree Global Hedged SmallCap Dividend Fund


DXPS
WisdomTree United Kingdom Hedged Equity Fund


HDRW
WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Hedged Real Estate Fund


DXJ
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Equity Fund


JHDG
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Quality Dividend Growth Fund


DXJS
WisdomTree Japan Hedged SmallCap Equity Fund


DXJF
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Financials Fund


DXJR
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Real Estate Fund


DXJC
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Capital Goods Fund


DXJH
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Health Care Fund


DDWM
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International Equity Fund


DHDG
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International Quality Dividend Growth Fund


DDLS
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International SmallCap Equity Fund


DDEZ
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged Europe Equity Fund


DDJP
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged Japan Equity Fund




CRDT
WisdomTree Strategic Corporate Bond Fund


UBND
WisdomTree Western Asset Unconstrained Bond Fund


AGGY
WisdomTree Barclays Yield Enhanced U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund


SHAG
WisdomTree Barclays Yield Enhanced U.S. Short-Term Aggregate Bond Fund




WFIG
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. Corporate Bond Fund


SFIG
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. Short-Term Corporate Bond Fund


WFHY
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. High Yield Corporate Bond Fund


SFHY
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. Short-Term High Yield Corporate Bond Fund




EMCB
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Corporate Bond Fund


ELD
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Local Debt Fund


ALD
WisdomTree Asia Local Debt Fund




AGZD
WisdomTree Barclays Interest Rate Hedged U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund


AGND
WisdomTree Barclays Negative Duration U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund


HYZD
WisdomTree Interest Rate Hedged High Yield Bond Fund


HYND
WisdomTree Negative Duration High Yield Bond Fund


USFR
WisdomTree Bloomberg Floating Rate Treasury Fund




USDU
WisdomTree Bloomberg U.S. Dollar Bullish Fund




CYB
WisdomTree Chinese Yuan Strategy Fund


BZF
WisdomTree Brazilian Real Strategy Fund


CEW
WisdomTree Emerging Currency Strategy Fund












                                            STRATEGIES
                                        



Smart Beta
Rising Rates Solutions
Currency Hedging
Quality Dividend Growth
Fixed Income Solutions
Emerging Markets






                                            RESOURCE LIBRARY
                                        



WisdomTree Resources
Prospectus & Regulatory
Fact Sheets & Reports






                                            INVESTOR COMMUNITY
                                        



Financial Advisors
Institutional Accounts






                                            BLOG
                                        



All Blogs
ETF Education
Emerging Markets
Interest Rate Strategies














My WisdomTree - Sign in
 










Remember me


SIGN IN


Forgot your password?








Not Registered? Register Now.
Individual investors who register can access daily blog posts, latest videos, podcasts and snapshots, and stay current with industry insights. On top of that, Financial Professionals get additional access to thoughtful research, smart analytics and unique economic commentary from Jeremy Siegel.
1. My Profile >2. Additional Information




 


Account Type


Individual Investor



 Financial Professional


































Select Country
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Korea, Republic of
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Other





By submitting below you certify that you have read and agree to our privacy policy.









NEXT STEP










Home


Strategies


Emerging Markets

 
We’re Bullish on India—and You Should Be Too
 
We are bullish on India—and we’re not the only ones. Many experts are expecting great things over the next five years, as economics, structural shifts in equity allocations, cultural changes and more may be combining to drive the market for years to come.


We delve deeper into these and other topics in our recent blogs.



Related Materials

Celebrating 10 Years in Emerging Markets





Commentaries from Our Thought Leaders
 


Indian Markets to Triple Over Five Years
by Jeremy Schwartz
Our Director of Research, Jeremy Schwartz saw this headline on LinkedIn recently: “Nifty will triple in 5 years.” The quote was attributed to Ridham Desai, Morgan Stanley’s head of research for Indian equities. We have been making the bullish case for India for some time, but the potential drivers for the view that Indian markets would triple is something we wanted to learn more about. 
 
Read the Blog
 
Deputy Governor of the Reserve Bank of India on the Current State of the Economy
by Jeremy Schwartz
On the eve of the implementation of India’s national goods and services tax (GST), we had the pleasure of speaking with Viral Acharya, Deputy Governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). The conversation touched on a broad cross section of the Indian banking system and issues the RBI is focused on.
 
Read the Blog
 










 


Tilting Emerging Market Allocations toward Consumption, Growth & Quality
by Gaurav Sinha
For a global portfolio, emerging markets (EM) play several important roles. Some investors may invest in EM to diversify their global allocations, while others may be looking for faster growth. This leads to a fundamental question: is a traditional EM exposure enough to capture growth and consumption trends in the developing world?
 
Read the Blog
 

How India Is Re-Engineering Its Economic Engine
by Gaurav Sinha
While we are busy discussing policies in the United States, India quietly laid the foundation for a technology empire that is going to digitally connect 17% of humanity. The full potential of India’s push for digitization will be realized in time, but we think this is perhaps the most exciting technology development happening in the world today.
 
Read the Blog
 

Seeking Smarter Exposure to India’s Stock Market
by Gaurav Sinha
Driven by global “risk-on” and a host of local factors that we have covered in depth, the Indian equity markets have been doing very well for the last few months. So, what kind of exposure makes sense to allocate in the Indian equity landscape? The answer might be surprisingly simple for this large and fairly complicated economy: Stick to investing in fundamentals.
 
Read the Blog










 


Why the Timing Is Ripe for Emerging Market Equities
by Christopher Gannatti & Jeff Weniger
After tough returns in the 2013, 2014 and 2015 calendar years, many clients abandoned emerging market equity exposure. Today we examine those equities’ valuations relative to other equity markets.
 
Read the Blog
 

How Emerging Markets Have Sneaked Back in Vogue
by Christopher Gannatti
The three years as of December 31, 2015, was a very tough period for emerging markets. Since then, the MSCI Emerging Markets Index has outperformed the S&P 500 Index. But after 15 months of outperformance, has the window closed?
 
Read the Blog










 


China's Leverage Crackdown and What It Means for Stocks
by Joseph Tenaglia
For the last several decades, China’s economy has been growing at an extraordinary clip and now stands as the second largest economy in the world. Inevitably that rate must slow, which is exactly what has happened each year since 2010.
 
Read the Blog


 
Is Your EM Allocation Complete?
by Joseph Tenaglia
Emerging market (EM) equities sold off sharply following the election of Donald Trump last November, perhaps owing to the protectionist rhetoric and tough trade talk from the president-elect. That sell-off represented a pause in the party, but certainly not the end of it.
 
Read the Blog










Interested in more emerging markets research? Visit our blog.



Emerging Markets Valuations
by Jeremy Schwartz, Christopher Gannatti & Jeff Weniger

We believe the current environment is setting up an interesting opportunity for the astute investor to capitalize on inexpensive equity valuations in high-dividend-paying Emerging Markets equities. At the same time, those same markets are priced in currencies that in aggregate are at valuations akin to those seen near the beginning of Emerging Market’s large multiyear outperformance run that commenced at the beginning of this century. 
 
Read the Market Insight



Additional Resources for Financial Professionals
 
A Time-Tested Approach to High-Yielding Emerging Market Dividend Payers 
Advisor Solutions: Generating Income with Emerging Market Equities
Advisor Solutions: The Many Benefits of Blending Emerging Market Small Caps



Timing Is Everything, and It’s Good for Emerging Markets
 
The time may be right to consider emerging markets. These WisdomTree Funds may be best positioned to help you capitalize on emerging market opportunities.
 
EPI



INDIA EARNINGS FUND
 
The first ETF to buy local market shares, EPI provides access to some of the most profitable and fastest growing companies and sectors in India. 

Learn more about EPI


 
CXSE



CHINA EX-STATE-OWNED ENTERPRISES FUND
 
The first ETF to remove state-owned enterprises in China, CXSE provides the potential reduce the risks and enhance the returns of Chinese equities. 

Learn more about CXSE


 
DEM



EMERGING MARKETS HIGH DIVIDEND FUND
 
The first emerging market ETF built only with dividend payers, DEM provides broad diversification and performance potential. 

Learn more about DEM


 
DGS



EMERGING MARKETS SMALL CAP DIVIDEND FUND
 
One of the only emerging market ETFs focused solely on small companies, DGS provides broad diversification, true access to the emerging market consumer and the potential of the small-cap premium.

Learn more about DGS












RESTRICTED MATERIAL
This material is intended for Financial Professionals only. Financial Professionals who register with WisdomTree get exclusive access to our timely research and market insights.
LOGIN
Register












You are now leaving the WisdomTree Website


                     Hyperlinks on this website are provided as a convenience and we disclaim any responsibility for information, services or products found on the websites linked hereto.
                
Click here to continue










Finding Opportunities in Emerging Markets




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          




















 

$ {headerPrefix } 
























Finding Opportunities in Emerging Markets















Finding Opportunities in Emerging Markets

 / 























THE EVOLUTION
1 of 3





WHY INVEST?
2 of 3





HOW TO INVEST?
3 of 3













The Evolution of Emerging Markets

                The Emerging Market landscape has evolved significantly over the past few decades, creating a broader set of potential opportunities for investors.
            









Emerging Markets Defined





An Emerging Market economy is often defined as an economy with low to middle per capita income that is generally fast-growing. We believe a closer look at Emerging Markets reveals unexpected and distinctive characteristics.














 

 















 
 
 







Why Invest in Emerging Markets?

                We believe Emerging Markets offer the potential for competitive returns over the long term, across a variety of countries and industries, and represent an important diversifier for investor portfolios.
            









The Appeal of Emerging Markets





Emerging Markets possess a number of attractive attributes that we believe may contribute to strong future growth. Here are some of the reasons we find Emerging Markets compelling for the long-term investor.










Robust Debt Market



In our view, Emerging Market countries are better positioned today to withstand increasing funding costs of debt as a result of improved external imbalances and a more stable debt profile. As an example, public debt levels in some Emerging Market countries look favorable when compared to Developed Markets. 





Source:  IMF World Economic Outlook April 2016, Haver, and GSAM. June 2016.






GDP Growth in Emerging Markets Outpaces Developed Markets



Emerging Markets have consistently demonstrated higher gross domestic product (GDP) growth than developed countries through past market cycles.





Source: IMF, 2016.






Diverse Emerging Market Equity Universe



The MSCI Emerging Markets Index has evolved since its 1988 inception. Today, it includes companies from 23 countries and 11 different sectors, providing investors with access to a robust opportunity set. 





Source: MSCI, 2016 (Text). FactSet, GSAM, 2016. For illustrative purposes only (Chart).






Growing Middle Class



Historically, a growing middle class has been a strong indicator of a country’s future economic growth. As the middle class expands, companies may benefit from growing consumer purchasing power and shifts in spending patterns.





Source: Euromonitor International, February 2016.
[1] Measured in constant terms.






Improving Education



In our view, as education standards across Emerging Market countries rise and access to education improves, productivity, employment and competition may also increase. This could further drive income and economic growth, consumption and expansion of the middle class. 





Source: Euromonitor International, January 2017.






Advances in Technology



We believe the advances in and the availability of new technologies are transforming the business models of companies across Emerging Markets and creating new potential opportunities for investors.





Source: World Bank: Mobile Cellular Subscriptions Databank, 2017.






Growing Emerging Market Consumption



We believe rising wage growth, a large concentration of the Millennial population, access to higher-quality education and the proliferation of and access to technology are creating a new consumer market driven by mobility and connectivity. 





Source: Euromonitor International, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, GSAM, 2016.













Capture the Growth of Emerging Markets in Your Portfolio





Despite signs of strength in Emerging Markets, we believe many investors are under allocated to the asset class--potentially missing out on long-term opportunities.










Emerging Market Exposure



Many investors have a heavy home-country bias, meaning they tilt their allocations towards what's familiar. However, this bias may result in them missing out on a world of potential opportunity.





Source: GSAM PRISM™. Figures reflect average annualized total returns of static client portfolios provided to GSAM, as represented by historical index returns over the period 1997-2016. Please see end disclosures.  Past performance does not guarantee future results, which may vary. 






Emerging Market Equity



We believe many investors are under allocated to this asset class, despite the fact that Emerging Market economies contribute nearly one third of global GDP. This means that investors may be missing out on returns over the long term. 





Source: World Bank, MSCI All Country World Index, GSAM Research, 2016.









How to Invest in Emerging Markets

                GSAM has been investing in Emerging Markets for more than two decades. We believe the question is not when to invest in Emerging Markets, but how. We have developed a broad suite of tools to help our clients answer that question. 
            










Explore GSAM Emerging Markets Solutions










GS Emerging Markets Equity Insights Fund
 Seeks long-term growth of capital 






                                                
                                                	
                                                	
                                                        Share Class:
                                                	
                                                
                                            
Institutional
GERIX










                                        Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Ratings as of 3.31.17: Diversified Emerging Mkts Category- Class I Shares 3 Year 5 stars out of 629 funds, 5 Year 4 stars out of 429 funds. The Overall Rating is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating Metrics. 
			                        






GS Emerging Markets Equity Fund
 Seeks long-term capital appreciation 






                                                
                                                	
                                                	
                                                        Share Class:
                                                	
                                                
                                            
Institutional
GEMIX










                                        Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Ratings as of 3.31.17: Diversified Emerging Mkts Category- Class I Shares 3 Year 5 stars out of 629 funds, 5 Year 4 stars out of 429 funds, 10 year 3 stars out of 177 funds. The Overall Rating is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating Metrics. 
			                        












GS Emerging Markets Debt Fund
 Seeks total return with income and capital appreciation 






                                                
                                                	
                                                	
                                                        Share Class:
                                                	
                                                
                                            
Institutional
GSDIX










                                        Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Ratings as of 3.31.17: Emerging Markets Bond Category- Class I Shares 3 Year 4 stars out of 219 funds, 5 Year 5 stars out of 118 funds, 10 year 4 stars out of 47 funds. The Overall Rating is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating Metrics. 
			                        






Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta Emerging Markets Equity ETF
Seeks to provide investment results that closely correspond to the performance of the Fund Index.






                                                
                                                	
                                                        Exchange:
                                                	
                                                	
                                                
                                            
NYSE Arca
GEM
















Related Insights










May 22, 2017

												Re-Emerging Markets
											


We look to improving fundamentals across emerging markets as a catalyst for performance, even as risks such as US protectionism bear watching.









March 09, 2017

												Four Things to Know about Emerging Market Corporate Debt
											


We believe investors should look beyond the headlines and toward the long term when it comes to investing in emerging markets.









March 2017

												Staying the Course in Emerging Markets
											


In our view, the long-term case for owning EM equities – portfolio diversification and alpha potential – remains intact. In this piece, we discuss some of the key reasons we believe long-term investors, especially those trying to build up to a strategic weight in EM, should stay the course.














                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               




















































MOORE EMERGING MARKETS FUND LTD Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      MOORE EMERGING MARKETS FUND LTD
                    

•   NASSAU, C5
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Moore Emerging Markets Fund LTD is based out of Nassau.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-11-23. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 9



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from MOORE EMERGING MARKETS FUND LTD, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




moore emerging markets fund ltd


ONE MONTAGUE PL

NASSAU
C5
                                                        
                                                    00000


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      212-782-7000







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 11/23/2016
D/A filed on 11/25/2015
D/A filed on 11/26/2014
D/A filed on 11/26/2013
D/A filed on 11/26/2012
D/A filed on 11/23/2011
D/A filed on 11/24/2010
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-11-23
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
343,089,500
INDEFINITE


2015-11-25
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
343,089,500
INDEFINITE


2014-11-26
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
343,089,500
INDEFINITE


2013-11-26
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
343,089,500
INDEFINITE


2012-11-26
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
343,089,500
INDEFINITE


2011-11-23
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
343,089,500
INDEFINITE


2010-11-24
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
243,089,500
INDEFINITE


2009-11-25
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
165,489,500
INDEFINITE


2009-03-16
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
34,239,500
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




ANDREW QUENTIN SCHOFIELD  GREEN

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



CHARLES   HANSARD

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



EMILY   ZEIGLER

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



MICHAEL J.D.  DEE

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



ROBERT A.  VOGES

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



WILLIAM   KEUNEN

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




























 


 

Moore Emerging Markets Fund Ltd - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/87488-moore-emerging-markets-fund-ltdsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=87488  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Moore Emerging Markets Fund LtdCompany DetailsGet alertedif Moore Emerging Markets Fund Ltd gets funded!Moore Emerging Markets Fund LtdFunding history Key peopleCountry:City:BahamasNassauIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors November 21st, 2012$343,089,500-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Moore Emerging Markets Fund Ltd gets funded?Key peopleMichael DeeDirectorAndrew GreenDirectorCharles HansardDirectorWilliam KeunenDirectorPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!










 




MOORE EMERGING MARKETS FUND LTD - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











MOORE EMERGING MARKETS FUND LTD  Funding details


MOORE EMERGING MARKETS FUND LTD Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001179054Address: ONE MONTAGUE PL EAST BAY STREET NASSAU 00000Phone number: 212-782-7000



Latest news
MOORE EMERGING MARKETS FUND LTD raised $343,089,500 from 38 investors on 2016-11-23.



MOORE EMERGING MARKETS FUND LTD Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-23Amended Form DIndefinite$343,089,500Indefinite$03806b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2015-11-25Amended Form DIndefinite$343,089,500Indefinite$03806b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2014-11-26Amended Form DIndefinite$343,089,500Indefinite$03806b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2013-11-26Amended Form DIndefinite$343,089,500Indefinite$03806b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2012-11-26Amended Form DIndefinite$343,089,500Indefinite$03806 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2011-11-23Amended Form DIndefinite$343,089,500Indefinite$03806 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2010-11-24Amended Form DIndefinite$243,089,500Indefinite$03706 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2009-11-25Amended Form DIndefinite$165,489,500Indefinite$1,000,0003306 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2009-03-16Amended Form DIndefinite$34,239,500Indefinite$1,000,0002406 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]
MOORE EMERGING MARKETS FUND LTD raised $343,089,500 in total.



Directors and Executives of MOORE EMERGING MARKETS FUND LTD
Key People in MOORE EMERGING MARKETS FUND LTD:

Michael DeeCharles HansardWilliam KeunenRobert VogesEmily Zeigler
Similar companiesMOORE GLOBAL INVESTMENTS LTD, Moore Macro Managers Fund, Ltd., Moore Emerging Fixed Income & Currency Fund Ltd., Moore Macro Managers Fund, LP, Moore Emerging Equity Long/Short Fund Ltd., Mooresville HMA Investors, LLC, MOORE OR LESH LLC, Moore Foreign Exchage Fund, Ltd., MOORELAND/STRICKLAND PROJECT, Moore Relative Value Fund, Ltd., Moore Court Apartments, LLC, Moore Asset Backed Fund, L.P.








Last visited companies: Citadel Global Fixed Income Fund LLC, Mount TAM Biotechnologies, Inc., FundersClub EKH LLC, Myrtle & 77th Lane, L.L.C., Bandier Holdings LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















MOORE EMERGING MARKETS FUND LTD - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











MOORE EMERGING MARKETS FUND LTD
List of persons related to the company MOORE EMERGING MARKETS FUND LTD. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of MOORE EMERGING MARKETS FUND LTD.

CIK Number: 0001179054Company address: ONE MONTAGUE PL EAST BAY STREET NASSAU 00000Phone number: 212-782-7000



People related to MOORE EMERGING MARKETS FUND LTD
NamePositionStreetCityCountryHansard  CharlesKingsfort Limited, 8 Bourne Street LondonUnited KingdomHansard  CharlesKingsfort Limited 59 Chester RowLondonUnited KingdomZeigler  EmilyP.O. Box 129 AvonCOJ.D. Dee  MichaelEuropean Financial Services Limited Lister House 25 the Parade St. HelierJerseyUnited KingdomJ.D. Dee  MichaelEuropean Financial Services Limited Lister House 25 the Parade St. HelierJerseyUnited KingdomA. Voges  RobertCuracao Intl. Trust Co. N.V. de Ruyterkade 62WillemstadP8Keunen  WilliamCITCO Fund Services 701 Brickell Ave, Ste. 1270MiamiFL




MOORE EMERGING MARKETS FUND LTD on the Web
Related companiesMoore Asset Backed Fund, L.P., Moore Court Apartments, LLC, Moore Emerging Equity Long/Short Fund Ltd., Moore Emerging Fixed Income & Currency Fund Ltd., Moore Foreign Exchage Fund, Ltd., MOORE GLOBAL INVESTMENTS LTD, Moore Macro Managers Fund, LP, Moore Macro Managers Fund, Ltd., MOORE OR LESH LLC, Moore Relative Value Fund, Ltd., MOORELAND/STRICKLAND PROJECT, Mooresville HMA Investors, LLC












 






 

Moore Emerging Markets Fund Ltd raised $343,089,500 on November 21st, 2012































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/128957-moore-emerging-markets-fund-ltdsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=128957  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Moore Emerging Markets Fund Ltd raised $343,089,500 on November 21st, 2012.Get alertedif Moore Emerging Markets Fund Ltd gets funded!Amount:$343,089,500Company:Moore Emerging Markets Fund LtdInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:City:BahamasNassauKey people:Michael Dee (Director) Andrew Green (Director) Charles Hansard (Director) William Keunen (Director)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D/A - MOORE EMERGING MARKETS FUND LTD (0001179054) (Filer)Description:In November 21st, 2012, Moore Emerging Markets Fund Ltd has raised a 340M financing round. Moore Emerging Markets Fund Ltd is specialized in Finance.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















JPMorgan Emerging Markets Equity Fund - A - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar



JPMorgan Emerging Markets Equity Fund(JFAMX)A CILR5R6  Compare Funds 

Hypothetical Tool 




OverviewKey PointsPerformanceCommentaryFees & MinimumsPortfolioManagementDocuments 



	As of April 3, 2017, this fund's Select share class has been renamed to I. Please see the prospectus for more details.
 








	JPMORGAN EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY FUND

Your guide to the world’s most dynamic economies.

Leveraging our global research and local insights on the world’s fastest-growing markets, the Emerging Markets Equity Fund seeks to identify high-quality businesses that compound earnings sustainably over the long term.
Fund Story  
Commentary  











Overview widget loading ...







Key Points

Expertise


		Comprehensive research and local knowledge; 100 dedicated investment professionals across nine locations around the globe.

Portfolio


		High-conviction strategy with a growth and quality focus and long-term investment horizon that integrates environmental, social and governance considerations.

Success


		Outperformed the MSCI Emerging Markets Index over the latest one-, three-, five- and 10-year periods.1





	SHARE OF GLOBAL NOMINAL CONSUMPTION

	Current dollar household expenditures, 2004–2014


 



1 Source: For I Shares as of 3/31/17.

Chart source: Chart source: Morningstar, J.P. Morgan Asset Management; as of 3/31/17. Morningstar Diversified Emerging Markets Category. Returns shown are for the I Shares. Other share classes may have higher expenses, resulting in lower returns. Returns with dividend and capital gains reinvested. There is no direct correlation between a hypothetical investment and the anticipated performance of the Fund. Past performance does not guarantee future results.





Performance
Performance widget loading ...



Commentary

As of June 30, 2017 

	Quarter in review


		The JPMorgan Emerging Markets Equity Fund (I Class Shares) outperformed the benchmark, the MSCI Emerging Markets Index (net of foreign withholding taxes), for the quarter ended June 30, 2017.

		Stock selection was strongest in China where exposure to the financial services sector was a leading contributor. Pan-Asian insurance provider AIA Group Ltd. (3.8% portfolio weighting) posted strong first-quarter results in April, including a 55% year-on-year jump in first-quarter new business—a record for a business that has continually outperformed consensus.

		Exposure to Saudi Arabia aided performance in the quarter and the portfolio’s position in Almarai (0.9% portfolio weighting), the largest dairy company in the Middle East, was a leading contributor to performance. Stocks in the market responded favorably to the announcement in June that Mohammed bin Salman, the architect of the kingdom's economic reforms, was appointed crown prince.

		An underweight exposure to Korea, the result of individual stock selection rather than country allocation, was a headwind to performance in the second quarter. Korea saw its strongest performance in the past five years following the election of President Moon in May. Consumer sentiment improved to levels not seen in the past three years, boosted by post-election optimism.

		In addition, underweight exposure to Taiwanese hardware manufacturers negatively affected performance. These companies have outperformed in anticipation of strong demand for memory chips and other components in the second half of the year, reducing concerns about oversupply and margin pressure in the industry.


	Looking ahead


		The strong performance of emerging markets stocks this year is testament to the long-awaited improvement in fundamentals currently under way. Strong global markets and a weakening dollar have also helped. We believe these trends are likely to last for some time, suggesting the recovery in emerging markets equities still has room to go.

		Flows are reflecting this improved outlook, and the opportunity seems to be taking the lead over potential risks, including a China slowdown, weak commodity prices, and U.S. protectionism.

		MSCI’s decision to start including China A shares in its indices next year shines a light on a conclusion our investors made some time ago: that many of the most interesting ways to access China’s growth are consumer, health-care and services companies found only in the domestic market.






Fees and Minimums
Fees widget loading ...


Portfolio
Portfolio widget loading ...							
							


Management
Fund Managers 












 Leon  Eidelman Portfolio Manager







 Austin  Forey Portfolio Manager







 Amit  Mehta Portfolio Manager

Load More 



Documents 
Fund Literature

 

Quarterly Fact Sheet: Emerging Markets Equity Fund (A)




Fund Story: Emerging Markets Equity


Presentation: Emerging Markets Equity Fund



Commentary: Emerging Markets Equity Fund




2016 full-year commentary: Emerging Markets Equity Fund







Load More 


 
Supplemental Information

 Product Guide



Supplemental Data Sheet - Emerging Markets Equity Fund




Investing Sustainably: ESG in Emerging Markets




Quarterly Certified Holdings - JPMorgan Emerging Markets Equity Fund




Sales Charge / Dealer Concession Schedule




2016 JPMorgan Funds Capital Gains Distribution







Load More 



 
Regulatory Documents

 

Summary Prospectus




Prospectus




Annual Report




Semi Annual Report




Statement of Additional Information







Load More 





Disclaimer1Please refer to the prospectus for additional information about cut-off times. Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The Fund's adviser and/or its affiliates have contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses to the extent Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, dividend and interest expenses related to short sales, interest, taxes, expenses related to litigation and potential litigation and extraordinary expenses) exceed 1.35% for A Shares, 1.85% for C Shares, 1.10% for I Shares, 0.95% for L Shares, 0.95% for R5 Shares and 0.85% for R6 Shares of the average daily net assets. The Fund may invest in one or more money market funds advised by the adviser or its affiliates (affiliated money market funds). The Fund's adviser has contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses in an amount sufficient to offset the fees and expenses of the affiliated money market funds incurred by the Fund because of the Fund's investment in such money market funds. This waiver is in effect through 2/28/2018 for A Shares, 2/28/2018 for C Shares, 2/28/2018 for I Shares, 2/28/2018 for L Shares, 2/28/2018 for R5 Shares and 2/28/2018 for R6 Shares, at which time the adviser and/or its affiliates will determine whether to renew or revise it. The difference between net and gross fees includes all applicable fee waivers and expense reimbursements. The quoted performance of the Fund includes performance of a predecessor fund/share class prior to the Fund's commencement of operations. Please refer to the current prospectus for further information.  Mutual funds have fees that reduce their performance: indexes do not. You cannot invest directly in an index. The MSCI Emerging Markets Index (net of foreign withholding taxes) is a free float-adjusted market capitalization weighted index measuring emerging market equity performance. The performance of the Lipper Emerging Markets Funds Index includes expenses associated with a mutual fund, such as investment management fees. These expenses are not identical to the expenses charged by the Fund. An individual cannot invest directly in an index. Total return figures (for the fund and any index quoted) assume payment of fees and reinvestment of dividends (after the highest applicable foreign withholding tax) and distributions. Without fee waivers, fund returns would have been lower. Due to rounding, some values may not total 100%. Â©2017, American Bankers Association, CUSIP Database provided by the Standard & Poor's CUSIP Service Bureau, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved.The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10- year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.Rankings do not take sales loads into account.The following risks could cause the fund to lose money or perform more poorly than other investments. For more complete risk information, see the prospectus. International investing bears greater risk due to social, economic, regulatory and political instability in countries in "emerging markets." This makes emerging market securities more volatile and less liquid developed market securities. Changes in exchange rates and differences in accounting and taxation policies outside the U.S. can also affect returns. Investments in foreign currencies and foreign issuers are subject to additional risks, including political and economic risks, greater volatility, civil conflicts and war, currency fluctuations, higher transaction costs, delayed settlement, possible foreign controls on investment, expropriation and nationalization risks, and less stringent investor protection and disclosure standards of foreign markets. These risks are magnified in countries in "emerging markets."Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The top 10 holdings listed reflect only the Fund's long-term investments. Short-term investments are excluded. Holdings are subject to change. The holdings listed should not be considered recommendations to purchase or sell a particular security. Each individual security is calculated as a percentage of the aggregate market value of the securities held in the Fund and does not include the use of derivative positions, where applicable. P/E ratio: the number by which earnings per share is multiplied to estimate a stock's value.  P/B ratio: the relationship between a stock's price and the book value of that stock. Sharpe ratio measures the fund's excess return compared to a risk-free investment. The higher the Sharpe ratio, the better the returns relative to the risk taken. Tracking Error: The active risk of the portfolio, which determines the annualized standard deviation of the excess returns between the portfolio and the benchmark. Alpha: The relationship between the performance of the Fund and its beta over a three-year period of time. Standard deviation/Volatility: A statistical measure of the degree to which the Fund's returns have varied from its historical average. The higher the standard deviation, the wider the range of returns from its average and the greater the historical volatility. The standard deviation is calculated over a 36-month period based on Fund's monthly returns. The standard deviation shown is based on the Fund's Class A Shares or the oldest share class, where Class A Shares are not available. R2: The percentage of a Fund's movements that result from movements in the index ranging from 0 to 100. A Fund with an R2 of 100 means that 100 percent of the Fund's movement can completely be explained by movements in the Fund's external index benchmark. EPS: Total earnings divided by the number of shares outstanding. Risk measures are calculated based upon the Funds' broad-based index as stated in the prospectus.

















Equity - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Equity
			




Build stronger equity portfolios

	Our equity expertise is founded on deep resources across regions and sectors, and a commitment to nurture the brightest talent. Delivering consistent results is at the heart of everything we do.
VIEW OUR EQUITY FUNDS


OUTCOME-ORIENTED ACTIVE MANAGEMENT 

Research Driven
Benefit from the local market expertise and deep resources of our globally integrated team of experienced equity investment professionals.


Actionable Insights
Gain a broader view on equity markets with our timely macro and market views and be guided by our proprietary portfolio insights and equity analytic tools.  
 

Outcome Oriented
Invest across a broad range of actively managed equity strategies, covering multiple investment styles and geographies.


Demonstrated Results
Partner with one of the world’s leading equity managers and benefit from our long history of innovation and success.



Featured equity funds


U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity



U.S. Equity




U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity
















Equity Funds
                         


U.S. Equity Funds  
International & Global Equity Funds  




Other Asset Classes
                         


Fixed Income Funds  
Multi-Asset Solutions  
Alternatives Funds  
Money Market Funds  



















Products - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Products
			
Email ThisPrint


Investment Strategies

Providing clients with strategies and expertise that span the full spectrum of asset classes
                         


	As a global leader in asset management with assets under management of $1.7 trillion*, J.P. Morgan Asset Management provides more than 220 investment strategies spanning all major asset classes, investment styles and geographic regions.

	Investing with J.P. Morgan:


		a large global organization made up of small local teams

		a research-driven information advantage

		an unrelenting focus on risk management


* As of December 2015









Featured Funds
                         


Equity  
Fixed Income   
Multi-Asset Solutions   
Alternatives  
SmartRetirement Target Date Funds   
Exchange Traded Funds  
Money Market Funds  






		 





Product Spotlight


U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market



U.S. Equity




U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market























Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights
















Guide to the Markets - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Guide to the Markets
			



Guide to the Markets
                         


	The Guide illustrates a comprehensive array of market and economic histories, trends and statistics through clear, compelling charts and graphs you can share with your clients.


LAUNCH THE VIEWER


Download the 3Q 2017 Guide to the Markets






Economic & Market Update
Watch Dr. David Kelly’s quarterly presentation using slides from the Guide to the Markets.Continue reading  


On the Bench
Need more Guide to the Markets? Access an additional collection of Guide to the Markets slides, updated on a quarterly basis.Continue reading  


Investing Principles
The Principles for successful long-term investing presentation uses select slides from the Guide to the Markets to explain seven key investment principles that financial professionals can use with their clients. Continue reading  


 Introducing the Guide to the Markets for the third quarter of 2017July 3, 2017Dr. David Kelly, Chief Global Strategist, J.P. Morgan Funds, previews this quarter's themes and invites you to subscribe to the Guide to the Markets. 


 

Quarterly Perspectives





                            Often referred to as the 'guide to the Guide', Quarterly Perspectives provides insightful stories and quarterly themes using slides from the Guide to the Markets. 
                            
View Quarterly Perspectives



Portfolio Discussions





                            Focusing on different asset classes or regions, Portfolio Discussions help to frame investment conversations using slides from Guide to the Markets. 
                            

View Portfolio Discussions





Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights


The J. P. Morgan Insights app 

A new way for financial advisors to access and customize J.P. Morgan intellectual capital
                         

                            Get the Insights app:
                            


           
              



Learn more about the Insights App











Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss.
Bonds are subject to interest rate risks. Bond prices generally fall when interest rates rise.
The price of equity securities may rise or fall because of changes in the broad market or changes in a company's financial condition, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably. Equity securities are subject to "stock market risk" meaning that stock prices in general may decline over short or extended periods of time.
International investing involves a greater degree of risk and increased volatility. Changes in currency exchange rates and differences in accounting and taxation policies outside the U.S. can raise or lower returns. Also, some overseas markets may not be as politically and economically stable as the United States and other nations. Investments in emerging markets can be more volatile.
Real estate investments may be subject to a higher degree of market risk because of concentration in a specific industry, sector or geographical sector. Real estate investments may be subject to risks including, but not limited to, declines in the value of real estate, risks related to general and economic conditions, changes in the value of the underlying property owned by the trust and defaults by borrower.
Investments in commodities may have greater volatility than investments in traditional securities, particularly if the instruments involve leverage. The value of commodity-linked derivative instruments may be affected by changes in overall market movements, commodity index volatility, changes in interest rates, or factors affecting a particular industry or commodity, such as drought, floods, weather, livestock disease, embargoes, tariffs and international economic, political and regulatory developments. Use of leveraged commodity-linked derivatives creates an opportunity for increased return but, at the same time, creates the possibility for greater loss. 
Derivatives may be riskier than other types of investments because they may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments and could result in losses that significantly exceed the original investment. The use of derivatives may not be successful, resulting in investment losses, and the cost of such strategies may reduce investment returns.
There is no guarantee that the use of long and short positions will succeed in limiting an investor's exposure to domestic stock market movements, capitalization, sector swings or other risk factors. Investing using long and short selling strategies may have higher portfolio turnover rates. Short selling involves certain risks, including additional costs associated with covering short positions and a possibility of unlimited loss on certain short sale positions.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties. 











































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Emerging Markets Bond Fund (PREMX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Emerging Markets Bond Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PREMX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/21/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$12.71
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.03
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/21/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								7.26%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$11.96
							
							-
							
								$12.87
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$6,585.69

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Emerging Markets Bond Fund among 
220,
220,
126
and 
48
Emerging Markets Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's investment objective is to provide high income and capital appreciation.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/21/2017)
								
							



						
						
							6.13%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							5.54%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							5.54%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					8.91%
				
			

				
					8.91%
				
			


3 Years

				
					5.10%
				
			

				
					5.10%
				
			


5 Years

				
					5.49%
				
			

				
					5.49%
				
			


10 Years

				
					6.61%
				
			

				
					6.61%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 10.58%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							10.58%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							December 30, 1994
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.92%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.92%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			


				The Emerging Markets Bond Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Sun Jul 23 03:02:52 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                











Emerging Markets Outlook & Equity Opportunities | WisdomTree



























                Menu 
                









WisdomTree ETFs                                                    







 



                                            All ETFs
                




 



                                            Equity ETFs
                




 



                                            Fixed Income ETFs
                




 



                                            Alternative ETFs
                




 



                                            Currency ETFs
                




 



                                            All Indexes
                














Strategies                                                    







 



                                            Smart Beta
                




 



                                            Rising Rates Solutions
                




 



                                            Currency Hedging
                




 



                                            Quality Dividend Growth
                




 



                                            Fixed Income Solutions
                




 



                                            Emerging Markets
                














Resource Library                                                    







 



                                            WisdomTree Resources
                




 



                                            Prospectus & Regulatory
                




 



                                            Fact Sheets & Reports
                














Investor Community                                                    







 



                                            Financial Advisors
                




 



                                            Institutional Accounts
                














Blog                                                    







 



                                            All Blogs
                




 



                                            ETF Education
                




 



                                            Emerging Markets
                




 



                                            Interest Rate Strategies
                
















                                    About
                                












                                            Who we are
                                        









                                            Contact Us
                                        









                                            Press Room
                                        









                                            Careers
                                        














                                                    Investor Relations
                                                













                                                    Contact Us
                                                













                                                International Sites 
                                            












Canada                                                    









Switzerland                                                    









Germany                                                    









Finland                                                    









France                                                    









United Kingdom                                                    









Ireland                                                    









Italy                                                    









Japan                                                    









Luxembourg                                                    









Netherlands                                                    









Norway                                                    









Sweden                                                    









United States















                                                        Sign In / Register
                                                
























 BACK 
                


















About




Who we are


Contact Us


Press Room


Careers





Investor Relations 

Contact Us 




USA






CAN





CHE





DEU





FIN





FRA





GBR





IRL





ITA





JPN





LUX





NLD





NOR





SWE










Get access to exclusive content, industry insights, and more:
SIGN IN/REGISTER

















                                            WisdomTree ETFs
                                        







                            All ETFs
                        



                            Equity ETFs
                        



                            Fixed Income ETFs
                        



                            Alternative ETFs
                        



                            Currency ETFs
                        



                            All Indexes
                        







                                    Domestic Dividends
                                



                                    Domestic Earnings
                                



                                    Multifactor
                                



                                    Developed World ex-U.S.
                                



                                    Global/Global ex-U.S.
                                



                                    Emerging/Frontier Markets
                                



                                    Currency Hedged Equity
                                





                                    Strategic Core
                                



                                    Fundamental
                                



                                    International
                                



                                    Interest Rate Strategies
                                




DYLS
WisdomTree Dynamic Long/Short U.S. Equity Fund


DYB
WisdomTree Dynamic Bearish U.S. Equity Fund


WDTI
WisdomTree Managed Futures Strategy 


PUTW
WisdomTree CBOE S&P 500 PutWrite Strategy Fund


RRF
Global Real Return


GCC
WisdomTree Continuous Commodity Index Fund





                                    Domestic
                                



                                    Emerging Markets
                                






DTD
WisdomTree U.S. Total Dividend Fund


DLN
WisdomTree U.S. LargeCap Dividend Fund


DON
WisdomTree U.S. MidCap Dividend Fund


DES
WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Dividend Fund


DHS
WisdomTree U.S. High Dividend Fund


DTN
WisdomTree U.S. Dividend ex-Financials Fund


DGRW
WisdomTree U.S. Quality Dividend Growth Fund


DGRS
WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Quality Dividend Growth Fund




EXT
WisdomTree U.S. Total Earnings Fund


EPS
WisdomTree U.S. Earnings 500 Fund


EZM
WisdomTree U.S. MidCap Earnings Fund


EES
WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Earnings Fund


EZY
WisdomTree U.S. LargeCap Value Fund


WUSA
WisdomTree U.S. Domestic Economy Fund


WEXP
WisdomTree U.S. Export and Multinational Fund




USMF
WisdomTree U.S. Multifactor Fund




DWM
WisdomTree International Equity Fund


DOL
WisdomTree International LargeCap Dividend Fund


DIM
WisdomTree International MidCap Dividend  Fund


DLS
WisdomTree International SmallCap Dividend Fund


DTH
WisdomTree International High Dividend Fund


DOO
WisdomTree International Dividend ex-Financials Fund


IQDG
WisdomTree International Quality Dividend Growth Fund


EUDG
WisdomTree Europe Quality Dividend Growth Fund


EDOM
WisdomTree Europe Domestic Economy Fund


DFE
WisdomTree Europe SmallCap Dividend Fund


DFJ
WisdomTree Japan SmallCap Dividend Fund


AUSE
WisdomTree Australia Dividend Fund




DEW
WisdomTree Global High Dividend Fund


DNL
WisdomTree Global ex‐U.S. Quality Dividend Growth Fund


GSD
WisdomTree Global SmallCap Dividend Fund


DRW
WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Real Estate Fund


AXJL
WisdomTree Asia Pacific ex-Japan Fund


XMX
WisdomTree Global ex-Mexico Equity Fund




DVEM
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Dividend Fund


DEM
WisdomTree Emerging Markets High Dividend Fund


DGS
WisdomTree Emerging Markets SmallCap Dividend Fund


DGRE
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Quality Dividend Growth Fund


EMCG
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Consumer Growth Fund


EMSD
WisdomTree Strong Dollar Emerging Markets Equity Fund


EPI
WisdomTree India Earnings Fund


XSOE
WisdomTree Emerging Markets ex-State-Owned Enterprises Fund


CXSE
WisdomTree China ex-State-Owned Enterprises Fund


GULF
WisdomTree Middle East Dividend Fund




HEDJ
WisdomTree Europe Hedged Equity Fund


EUSC
WisdomTree Europe Hedged SmallCap Equity Fund


DXGE
WisdomTree Germany Hedged Equity Fund


DXUS
WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Hedged Dividend Fund


IHDG
WisdomTree International Hedged Quality Dividend Growth Fund


HGSD
WisdomTree Global Hedged SmallCap Dividend Fund


DXPS
WisdomTree United Kingdom Hedged Equity Fund


HDRW
WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Hedged Real Estate Fund


DXJ
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Equity Fund


JHDG
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Quality Dividend Growth Fund


DXJS
WisdomTree Japan Hedged SmallCap Equity Fund


DXJF
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Financials Fund


DXJR
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Real Estate Fund


DXJC
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Capital Goods Fund


DXJH
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Health Care Fund


DDWM
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International Equity Fund


DHDG
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International Quality Dividend Growth Fund


DDLS
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International SmallCap Equity Fund


DDEZ
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged Europe Equity Fund


DDJP
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged Japan Equity Fund




CRDT
WisdomTree Strategic Corporate Bond Fund


UBND
WisdomTree Western Asset Unconstrained Bond Fund


AGGY
WisdomTree Barclays Yield Enhanced U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund


SHAG
WisdomTree Barclays Yield Enhanced U.S. Short-Term Aggregate Bond Fund




WFIG
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. Corporate Bond Fund


SFIG
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. Short-Term Corporate Bond Fund


WFHY
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. High Yield Corporate Bond Fund


SFHY
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. Short-Term High Yield Corporate Bond Fund




EMCB
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Corporate Bond Fund


ELD
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Local Debt Fund


ALD
WisdomTree Asia Local Debt Fund




AGZD
WisdomTree Barclays Interest Rate Hedged U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund


AGND
WisdomTree Barclays Negative Duration U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund


HYZD
WisdomTree Interest Rate Hedged High Yield Bond Fund


HYND
WisdomTree Negative Duration High Yield Bond Fund


USFR
WisdomTree Bloomberg Floating Rate Treasury Fund




USDU
WisdomTree Bloomberg U.S. Dollar Bullish Fund




CYB
WisdomTree Chinese Yuan Strategy Fund


BZF
WisdomTree Brazilian Real Strategy Fund


CEW
WisdomTree Emerging Currency Strategy Fund












                                            STRATEGIES
                                        



Smart Beta
Rising Rates Solutions
Currency Hedging
Quality Dividend Growth
Fixed Income Solutions
Emerging Markets






                                            RESOURCE LIBRARY
                                        



WisdomTree Resources
Prospectus & Regulatory
Fact Sheets & Reports






                                            INVESTOR COMMUNITY
                                        



Financial Advisors
Institutional Accounts






                                            BLOG
                                        



All Blogs
ETF Education
Emerging Markets
Interest Rate Strategies














My WisdomTree - Sign in
 










Remember me


SIGN IN


Forgot your password?








Not Registered? Register Now.
Individual investors who register can access daily blog posts, latest videos, podcasts and snapshots, and stay current with industry insights. On top of that, Financial Professionals get additional access to thoughtful research, smart analytics and unique economic commentary from Jeremy Siegel.
1. My Profile >2. Additional Information




 


Account Type


Individual Investor



 Financial Professional


































Select Country
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Korea, Republic of
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Other





By submitting below you certify that you have read and agree to our privacy policy.









NEXT STEP










Home


Strategies


Emerging Markets

 
We’re Bullish on India—and You Should Be Too
 
We are bullish on India—and we’re not the only ones. Many experts are expecting great things over the next five years, as economics, structural shifts in equity allocations, cultural changes and more may be combining to drive the market for years to come.


We delve deeper into these and other topics in our recent blogs.



Related Materials

Celebrating 10 Years in Emerging Markets





Commentaries from Our Thought Leaders
 


Indian Markets to Triple Over Five Years
by Jeremy Schwartz
Our Director of Research, Jeremy Schwartz saw this headline on LinkedIn recently: “Nifty will triple in 5 years.” The quote was attributed to Ridham Desai, Morgan Stanley’s head of research for Indian equities. We have been making the bullish case for India for some time, but the potential drivers for the view that Indian markets would triple is something we wanted to learn more about. 
 
Read the Blog
 
Deputy Governor of the Reserve Bank of India on the Current State of the Economy
by Jeremy Schwartz
On the eve of the implementation of India’s national goods and services tax (GST), we had the pleasure of speaking with Viral Acharya, Deputy Governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). The conversation touched on a broad cross section of the Indian banking system and issues the RBI is focused on.
 
Read the Blog
 










 


Tilting Emerging Market Allocations toward Consumption, Growth & Quality
by Gaurav Sinha
For a global portfolio, emerging markets (EM) play several important roles. Some investors may invest in EM to diversify their global allocations, while others may be looking for faster growth. This leads to a fundamental question: is a traditional EM exposure enough to capture growth and consumption trends in the developing world?
 
Read the Blog
 

How India Is Re-Engineering Its Economic Engine
by Gaurav Sinha
While we are busy discussing policies in the United States, India quietly laid the foundation for a technology empire that is going to digitally connect 17% of humanity. The full potential of India’s push for digitization will be realized in time, but we think this is perhaps the most exciting technology development happening in the world today.
 
Read the Blog
 

Seeking Smarter Exposure to India’s Stock Market
by Gaurav Sinha
Driven by global “risk-on” and a host of local factors that we have covered in depth, the Indian equity markets have been doing very well for the last few months. So, what kind of exposure makes sense to allocate in the Indian equity landscape? The answer might be surprisingly simple for this large and fairly complicated economy: Stick to investing in fundamentals.
 
Read the Blog










 


Why the Timing Is Ripe for Emerging Market Equities
by Christopher Gannatti & Jeff Weniger
After tough returns in the 2013, 2014 and 2015 calendar years, many clients abandoned emerging market equity exposure. Today we examine those equities’ valuations relative to other equity markets.
 
Read the Blog
 

How Emerging Markets Have Sneaked Back in Vogue
by Christopher Gannatti
The three years as of December 31, 2015, was a very tough period for emerging markets. Since then, the MSCI Emerging Markets Index has outperformed the S&P 500 Index. But after 15 months of outperformance, has the window closed?
 
Read the Blog










 


China's Leverage Crackdown and What It Means for Stocks
by Joseph Tenaglia
For the last several decades, China’s economy has been growing at an extraordinary clip and now stands as the second largest economy in the world. Inevitably that rate must slow, which is exactly what has happened each year since 2010.
 
Read the Blog


 
Is Your EM Allocation Complete?
by Joseph Tenaglia
Emerging market (EM) equities sold off sharply following the election of Donald Trump last November, perhaps owing to the protectionist rhetoric and tough trade talk from the president-elect. That sell-off represented a pause in the party, but certainly not the end of it.
 
Read the Blog










Interested in more emerging markets research? Visit our blog.



Emerging Markets Valuations
by Jeremy Schwartz, Christopher Gannatti & Jeff Weniger

We believe the current environment is setting up an interesting opportunity for the astute investor to capitalize on inexpensive equity valuations in high-dividend-paying Emerging Markets equities. At the same time, those same markets are priced in currencies that in aggregate are at valuations akin to those seen near the beginning of Emerging Market’s large multiyear outperformance run that commenced at the beginning of this century. 
 
Read the Market Insight



Additional Resources for Financial Professionals
 
A Time-Tested Approach to High-Yielding Emerging Market Dividend Payers 
Advisor Solutions: Generating Income with Emerging Market Equities
Advisor Solutions: The Many Benefits of Blending Emerging Market Small Caps



Timing Is Everything, and It’s Good for Emerging Markets
 
The time may be right to consider emerging markets. These WisdomTree Funds may be best positioned to help you capitalize on emerging market opportunities.
 
EPI



INDIA EARNINGS FUND
 
The first ETF to buy local market shares, EPI provides access to some of the most profitable and fastest growing companies and sectors in India. 

Learn more about EPI


 
CXSE



CHINA EX-STATE-OWNED ENTERPRISES FUND
 
The first ETF to remove state-owned enterprises in China, CXSE provides the potential reduce the risks and enhance the returns of Chinese equities. 

Learn more about CXSE


 
DEM



EMERGING MARKETS HIGH DIVIDEND FUND
 
The first emerging market ETF built only with dividend payers, DEM provides broad diversification and performance potential. 

Learn more about DEM


 
DGS



EMERGING MARKETS SMALL CAP DIVIDEND FUND
 
One of the only emerging market ETFs focused solely on small companies, DGS provides broad diversification, true access to the emerging market consumer and the potential of the small-cap premium.

Learn more about DGS












RESTRICTED MATERIAL
This material is intended for Financial Professionals only. Financial Professionals who register with WisdomTree get exclusive access to our timely research and market insights.
LOGIN
Register












You are now leaving the WisdomTree Website


                     Hyperlinks on this website are provided as a convenience and we disclaim any responsibility for information, services or products found on the websites linked hereto.
                
Click here to continue












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	GBFAX - Emerging Markets Fund | Snapshot | Mutual Fund- VanEck









Menu



Contact


































United States
Australia
Austria
Chile
Denmark
Finland
Germany
Ireland
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Rest of World








Corporate Home




                                United States
                            




Contact Us



                            Search
                        






























Home » VanEck Funds » Mutual Funds » GBFAX - Emerging Markets Fund
             » Overview
        









  PDF







Share on Facebook Facebook
Share on StumbleUpon StumbleUpon


Share on LinkedIn LinkedIn
Submit to Reddit reddit


Tweet Twitter
Pin it Pinterest


Share on Google+ Google+
Share on Digg Digg


Post to Tumblr Tumblr
Share on Delicious  Delicious








GBFAXEmerging Markets Fund
        



















            Ticker:-
            GBFAX;false;;
        










            Ticker Group:-
            EMF;false;;
        













              Class A - GBFAX
            

              Class C - EMRCX
            

              Class I - EMRIX
            

              Class Y - EMRYX
            















                Videos


2017 Emerging Markets Equities Outlook (6:01)David Semple


Emerging Markets Equity 3Q'16 Themes: Dollar, Commodities, and China Sector Opportunities  (6:21)David Semple


View more videos














Blog Posts

Read Emerging Markets Equity Blog Posts  
















                    Individual Investors




                        Subscribe to email updates
                    

Subscribe now





        Financial Professionals





                    Subscribe to email updates, or 
password protected financial professional-only content
                

                    LOGIN
                


                        email address/username
                    


                         
                    



                        password
                    


                         
                    




New? Register Here


Forgot Password























HOW TO PURCHASE
Learn more on how to purchase shares of VanEck Funds





























Daily Price
                      
as of 07/21/17




NAV†
DAILY CHANGE


$16.29
 $0.03 / +0.2%



















Class A Details: GBFAX



              INCEPTION DATE
            

              GROSS/NET EXPENSES1


12/20/93
1.53%/1.53%
































                Fund Literature
            


Fact Sheet


Summary Prospectus


Annual Report


Semi-Annual Report


















							Overview
						



							Performance
						



							Portfolio Analytics
						



							Investment Team
						



							Commentary
						



							Fees & Minimums
						















 

Fund Summary and Key Points
The VanEck Emerging Markets Fund (the "Fund") seeks long-term capital appreciation by investing in equity securities in emerging markets around the world.A global emerging markets equity portfolio focused on companies with growth potential at a reasonable price (“GARP”)A bottom-up investment process driven by fundamental research into the sustainability of a company’s growth driversGrowth is oriented toward strong secular stories, many of which reflect domestic demand themes and are often found in smaller-capitalization stocks













Making the Investment Case for Emerging MarketsFund manager Q&A: Emerging markets fundsEmerging Markets Fund: Quarterly Commentary 2Q'17Case for Active Management in Emerging MarketsEmerging Markets Fund Overview


















Fund Details as of 06/30/17


Net Assets (All Classes)
$1459.9M


Number of Holdings
84


Avg. Wtd. Market Cap
$13.8B


Turnover Rate (2016)
49.0%


P/E (LTM) / P/E (Forward)*
18.8 / 15.8


P/B (LTM)*
3.2


Benchmark Index
MSCI EM IMI



*Price-to-Earnings (P/E) ratio is the price of a stock divided  by its earnings per share. Price-to-Book (P/B) ratio is the ratio of a stock's  price to its book value.


















 


			 
					EM Equity Investment Team
				  
		




David Semple, Portfolio Manager, with Angus Shillington, and Patricia Gonzalez

Photo L to R

David  A.    
 Semple, 
            
              Angus 
 Shillington, 
            
              Patricia  Gonzalez















 

Investment Style Box


This investment style box is based on the Fund's overall targeted capitalization range and relative valuation as determined by VanEck.














Performance History: Average Annual Total Returns* (%)
                  Month End
                  as of 06/30/17
                  Quarter End
                  as of 06/30/171 MO3 MOYTD1 YR3 YR5 YR10 YRLIFE(12/20/93)VanEck Emerging Markets Fund: Class AAt Net Asset Value1.4411.7125.3923.740.997.521.15--At Maximum 5.75% Sales Charge-4.395.3118.2016.66-0.996.260.56--MSCI EM IMI21.045.8918.2723.231.394.452.35--MSCI EM Index21.076.3818.6024.171.444.332.25--
                  Quarter End as of 06/30/171 MO3 MOYTD1 YR3 YR5 YR10 YRLIFE(12/20/93)VanEck Emerging Markets Fund: Class AAt Net Asset Value1.4411.7125.3923.740.997.521.15--At Maximum 5.75% Sales Charge-4.395.3118.2016.66-0.996.260.56--MSCI EM IMI21.045.8918.2723.231.394.452.35--MSCI EM Index21.076.3818.6024.171.444.332.25--*Returns  less than one year are not     annualized.The table presents past  performance  which is no guarantee    of  future results and which may be lower  or higher than  current  performance.   Returns reflect temporary contractual fee  waivers and/or   expense     reimbursements. Had the Fund incurred all expenses  and  fees1,     investment returns would have been reduced.  Expenses:   Class A: Gross 1.53% and   Net 1.53%. Expenses are capped contractually through   05/01/18 at 1.60% for     Class  A. Investment returns and Fund share values  will  fluctuate so that     investors'  shares, when redeemed, may be worth more  or  less than their    original  cost. Fund  returns assume that dividends and   capital gains    distributions have  been  reinvested in the Fund at  NAV. ^The  Fund's inception  date was December 20,  1993, but  prior to   December 18, 2002,  it operated with a  substantially different   investment    strategy.  Specifically,  it invested  primarily in the common  stocks  and  other  equity  securities of  global large-cap  growth companies and  could   invest no   more  than 10% of its  assets in emerging  markets    securities.
















Top 10 Holdings (%) 


Month End as of 06/30/17


Quarter End as of 06/30/17




Holdings
Sector
% of Net Assets


Samsung Electronics Co Ltd Pfd  Non-Voting
Information Technology
6.0


Tencent Holdings Ltd.
Information Technology
5.4


Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. Sponsored ADR
Information Technology
5.3


Naspers Limited Class N
Consumer Discretionary
3.0


JD.com, Inc. Sponsored ADR Class A
Consumer Discretionary
2.4


HDFC Bank Limited
Financials
2.3


Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
Information Technology
2.2


PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk Class B
Financials
2.1


Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. Class H
Financials
2.0


CP All Public Co. Ltd.(Alien Mkt)
Consumer Staples
1.8


Top 10 Total


32.5




Holdings
Sector
% of Net Assets


Samsung Electronics Co Ltd Pfd  Non-Voting
Information Technology
6.0


Tencent Holdings Ltd.
Information Technology
5.4


Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. Sponsored ADR
Information Technology
5.3


Naspers Limited Class N
Consumer Discretionary
3.0


JD.com, Inc. Sponsored ADR Class A
Consumer Discretionary
2.4


HDFC Bank Limited
Financials
2.3


Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
Information Technology
2.2


PT Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk Class B
Financials
2.1


Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. Class H
Financials
2.0


CP All Public Co. Ltd.(Alien Mkt)
Consumer Staples
1.8


Top 10 Total


32.5




View All Holdings



These are not recommendations to buy or sell any security. Sectors and holdings may vary.














Performance Attribution2Q 2017 Estimated Performance Attribution by Sector2Q 2017 Estimated Performance Attribution by Country
















Sector Weightings (%) as of 06/30/17


Sector


% of Net Assets


Financials

23.9


Information Technology

23.1


Consumer Discretionary

21.8


Industrials

7.0


Health Care

6.4


Consumer Staples

6.3


Real Estate

2.8


Telecommunication Services

1.9


Utilities

1.6


Materials

0.5


Cash

4.7


















Country Weightings (%) as of 06/30/17






Country
% of Net Assets




											■
										
China
32.8
#40699c

32.8




											■
										
South Korea
7.8
#215465

7.8




											■
										
India
6.7
#3c8da3

6.7




											■
										
Taiwan
6.6
#a3cd3b

6.6




											■
										
South Africa
5.2
#7f9a48

5.2




											■
										
Brazil
5.0
#d0e796

5.0




											■
										
Mexico
4.8
#79f138

4.8




											■
										
Thailand
3.2
#de886e

3.2




											■
										
Russia
3.2
#652130

3.2




											■
										
Turkey
3.1
#a23b1c

3.1




											■
										
Philippines
2.9
#853649

2.9




											■
										
Indonesia
2.5
#f9f888

2.5




											■
										
Other EM
11.5
#8c792f

11.5




											■
										
Cash
4.7
#d3b32a

4.7
























Contact UsPrivacyLegalFeedbackSitemap











Important Disclosure

Unless otherwise stated, portfolio facts and statistics are shown for Class A shares; other classes may have different characteristics.

†NAV: Unless you are eligible for a waiver, the public offering price you pay when you buy Class A shares of the Fund is the Net Asset Value (NAV) of the shares plus an initial sales charge. The initial sales charge varies depending upon the size of your purchase.  No sales charge is imposed where Class A or Class C shares are issued to you pursuant to the automatic investment of income dividends or capital gains distributions. It is the responsibility of the financial intermediary to ensure that the investor obtains the proper “breakpoint” discount. Class C, Class I and Class Y do not have an initial sales charge; however, Class C does charge a contingent deferred redemption charge.  See the 
        
    prospectus and summary prospectus for more information.
1Van Eck Associates Corporation (the “Adviser”) has agreed to waive fees and/or pay Fund expenses to the extent necessary to prevent the operating expenses of the Fund (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, interest expense, trading expenses, dividends and interest payments on securities sold short, taxes and extraordinary expenses) from exceeding 1.60% for Class A, 2.50% for Class C, 1.00% for Class I, and 1.10% for Class Y of the Fund’s average daily net assets per year until May 1, 2018. During such time, the
        expense limitation is expected to continue until the Board of Trustees acts to discontinue all or a portion of such expense limitation.

2The Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) Emerging Markets Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index that is designed to measure equity market performance of emerging markets. The MSCI Emerging Markets Index consists of the following 23 emerging market country indices: Brazil, Chile, China, Colombia, Czech Republic, Egypt, Greece, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Qatar, Russia, South Africa, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey and United Arab Emirates.
        The MSCI Emerging Markets Investment Market Index (MSCI EM IMI) is a free float adjusted market capitalization index that is designed to capture large-, mid- and small-cap representation across 23 emerging markets countries. Emerging Markets countries include: Brazil, Chile, China, Colombia, Czech Republic, Egypt, Greece, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Russia, Qatar, South Africa, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey and United Arab Emirates.
The views and opinions expressed are those of VanEck. Fund manager commentaries are general in nature and should not be construed as investment advice. Opinions are subject to change with market conditions. Any discussion of specific securities mentioned in the commentaries is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation to buy these securities. Fund holdings will vary.
You can lose money by investing in the Fund. Any investment in the Fund should be part of an overall investment program, not a complete program. The Fund is subject to the risks associated with its investments in emerging markets securities, which tend to be more volatile and less liquid than securities traded in developed countries. The Fund’s investments in foreign securities involve risks related to adverse political and economic developments unique to a country or a region, currency fluctuations or controls, and the possibility of arbitrary action by foreign governments, including the takeover of property without adequate compensation or imposition of prohibitive taxation. The Fund is subject to risks associated with investments in debt securities, derivatives, commodity-linked instruments, illiquid securities, asset-backed securities, CMOs and small or mid-cap companies. The Fund is also subject to inflation risk, short-sales risk, market risk, non-diversification risk and leverage risk. Please see the 
        
    prospectus and summary prospectus for information on these and other risk considerations.
Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. An investor should consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the investment company carefully before investing. The prospectus and summary prospectus contain this and other information.  Please read them carefully before investing.


 










Van Eck Securities Corporation, Distributor               
    666 Third Avenue               
    New York, NY 10017
800.826.2333 
©  VanEck. VanEck®, VanEck Vectors®, VanEck Access the opportunities™, and the VanEck design™ are trademarks of Van Eck Associates Corp.










×














MSCI Emerging Markets Bull Bear 3X ETFs | EDC EDZ | Direxion





























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – A SharesHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – C SharesHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – InstitutionalHYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 






Direxion Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull and Bear 3X Shares












FUND SYMBOL
EDC


DAILY TARGET
300%


INTRA-DAY INDICATIVE VALUE
EDC.IV


BLOOMBERG INDEX
NDUEEGF


CUSIP
25490K281


ISIN
US25490K2814


EXPENSE RATIO (GROSS/NET %)
1.19 / 1.15*


INCEPTION DATE
Dec 17, 2008




FUND SYMBOL
EDZ


DAILY TARGET
-300%


INTRA-DAY INDICATIVE VALUE
EDZ.IV


BLOOMBERG INDEX
NDUEEGF


CUSIP
25459Y470


ISIN
US25459Y4706


EXPENSE RATIO (GROSS/NET %)
1.16 / 1.11*


INCEPTION DATE
Dec 17, 2008







Overview
The Direxion Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull and Bear 3X Shares seek daily investment results, before fees and expenses, of 300%,  or 300% of the inverse (or opposite), of the price performance of the MSCI Emerging Markets IndexSM.  There is no guarantee these funds will meet their stated investment objectives.
These leveraged ETFs seek a return that is 300% or -300% of the return of their benchmark index for a single day. The funds should not be expected to provide three times or negative three times the return of the benchmark’s cumulative return for periods greater than a day.

 EDC EDZ Fact Sheet ETF Guide EDC Prospectus EDZ Prospectus Premium Discount    Daily Holdings 



Download EDC Daily Holdings (CSV)
Download EDZ Daily Holdings (CSV)

Daily Holdings

EDC 
    Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X Shares 
Trade Date: 07/21/2017    Shares Outstanding: 2,231,598.00



Stock Ticker
Security Description
Shares
Price
Market Value




—
BANK OF NEW YORK CASH RESERVE
50,082,698.39
1.00
50,082,698.39


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
22,499,104.07
1.00
22,499,104.07


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
33,182,526.84
1.00
33,182,526.84


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
14,205,217.03
1.00
14,205,217.03


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
32,651,090.46
1.00
32,651,090.46


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
9.57
1.00
9.57


EEM
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF
1,504,798.00
43.66
65,699,480.68


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
2,009,008.00
43.66
87,713,289.28


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
2,261,376.00
43.66
98,731,676.16


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
2,278,126.00
43.66
99,462,981.16


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
3,013,562.00
43.66
131,572,116.92


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
4,177,998.00
43.66
182,411,392.68





EDZ 
    Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X Shares 
Trade Date: 07/21/2017    Shares Outstanding: 8,327,763.00



Stock Ticker
Security Description
Shares
Price
Market Value




—
BANK OF NEW YORK CASH RESERVE
38,169,738.28
1.00
38,169,738.28


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
10,694,474.96
1.00
10,694,474.96


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
18,160,000.00
1.00
18,160,000.00


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
10,589,116.44
1.00
10,589,116.44


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
11,903,622.93
1.00
11,903,622.93


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
35,280,071.42
1.00
35,280,071.42


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
-1,156,194.00
43.66
-50,479,430.04


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
-1,315,228.00
43.66
-57,422,854.48


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
-2,716,401.00
43.66
-118,598,067.66


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
-865,552.00
43.66
-37,790,000.32


—
ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF SWAP
-939,947.00
43.66
-41,038,086.02









Strategy & Benefits

Key Benefits
You know that TRADING is different than investing. But the opportunity to take advantage of short-term trends is only won, if you get the direction right.
Whether you’re a bull or a bear, Direxion is with you. Our leveraged ETFs are powerful tools built to help you:

Magnify your short-term perspective with daily 3X leverage
Go where there’s opportunity, with bull and bear funds for both sides of the trade; and
Stay agile – with liquidity to trade through rapidly changing markets

Leveraged and inverse ETFs pursue daily leveraged investment objectives which means they are riskier than alternatives which do not use leverage. They seek daily goals and should not be expected to track the underlying index over periods longer than one day. They are not suitable for all investors and should be utilized only by investors who understand leverage risk and who actively manage their investments.







Target Index

The MSCI Emerging Market IndexSM (NDUEEGF) is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index that is designed to measure equity market performance in the global emerging markets. One cannot directly invest in an index.



Index Top Ten Holdings %



Samsung Electronics Co Ltd
5.17





Tencent Holdings Ltd
4.60





Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturers
3.78





Alibaba Group Holding Ltd
3.58





Naspers Ltd
1.94





China Construction Bank Corp
1.47





China Mobile Ltd
1.45





Hon Hai Precision Industry Co
1.32





Baidu Inc
1.10





Industrial & Commercial Bank of China
1.07








Index Country Weightings %



China
24.35





South Korea
15.60





Taiwan
11.97





India
9.09





Brazil
6.89





South Africa
6.81





Hong Kong
3.82





Mexico
3.81





Indonesia
2.63





Russia
2.57





Thailand
2.25





Malaysia
2.06





Poland
1.34





Turkey
1.23





Chile
1.23





Philippines
1.21





United Arab Emirates
0.77





Colombia
0.49





Peru
0.40





Qatar
0.38





Hungary
0.34





United States
0.34





Czech
0.19





Pakistan
0.12





Romania
0.07





Malta
0.04







Index data as of 
		06/30/2017.
		Source: Bloomberg. Index country weightings and top holdings are subject to change.
	












Pricing and Performance


Pricing and Performance
NAV and Market Price information as of July 21, 2017. Line chart shows pricing trend over the last 30 days.


fund symbol
EDC






Net asset value (NAV)


99.19
NAV $


-0.23
Change $


-0.23
Change %












market price closing


99.12
Market $


-0.39
Change $


-0.39
Change %











Premium / Discount


-0.07
$ CHANGE FROM LAST DAY TRADING









fund symbol
EDZ






Net asset value (NAV)


12.25
NAV $


0.03
Change $


0.25
Change %












market price closing


12.25
Market $


0.03
Change $


0.25
Change %











Premium / Discount


—
$ CHANGE FROM LAST DAY TRADING










Monthly
Quarterly
As of June 30, 2017
As of June 30, 2017



EDC
Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X Shares






 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




NAV
2.16
15.32
61.12
65.31
-11.66
-3.97
0.58
12/17/2008
1.19 /
								1.15


Market Close
3.14
16.02
61.75
65.83
-11.57
-3.87
0.63




NAV
2.16
15.32
61.12
65.31
-11.66
-3.97
0.58
12/17/2008
1.19 /
								1.15


Market Close
3.14
16.02
61.75
65.83
-11.57
-3.87
0.63


NDUEEGF (Benchmark Index)
1.01
6.27
18.43
23.75
1.07
3.95
9.17
-
-







EDZ
Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X Shares






 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




NAV
-3.29
-16.74
-42.94
-53.24
-23.41
-27.75
-46.49
12/17/2008
1.16 /
								1.11


Market Close
-3.62
-17.12
-43.05
-53.33
-23.48
-27.83
-46.51




NAV
-3.29
-16.74
-42.94
-53.24
-23.41
-27.75
-46.49
12/17/2008
1.16 /
								1.11


Market Close
-3.62
-17.12
-43.05
-53.33
-23.48
-27.83
-46.51


NDUEEGF (Benchmark Index)
1.01
6.27
18.43
23.75
1.07
3.95
9.17
-
-





* The Net Expense Ratio includes management fees, other operating expenses and Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses. If Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses were excluded, the Net Expense Ratio would be 0.95%.  The Funds’ Adviser, Rafferty Asset Management, LLC (“Rafferty”) has entered into an Operating Expense Limitation Agreement with each Fund, under which Rafferty has contractually agreed to cap all or a portion of its management fee and/or reimburse each Fund for Other Expenses through September 1, 2018, to the extent that the Fund’s Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses exceed 0.95% of the Fund’s daily net assets other than the following:  taxes, swap financing and related costs, acquired fund fees and expenses, dividends or interest on short positions, other interest expenses, brokerage commissions and extraordinary expenses. If these expenses were included, the expense ratio would be higher.
The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance under one year are cumulative, not annualized. For the most recent month-end performance please visit the funds website at direxioninvestments.com.
Short-term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. Because of ongoing market volatility, fund performance may be subject to substantial short-term changes. For additional information, see the fund’s prospectus.






Distributions


Distributions


EDC
Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X Shares

There are no recent distributions available for this fund.



EDZ
Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X Shares

There are no recent distributions available for this fund.





Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.




  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 
More articles like this
















