




















 



 GNC Names Robert F. Moran Interim CEO 
         










    










 













 











 



















GNC Names Robert F. Moran Interim CEO
        																																																														
              

          Michael G. Archbold Steps Down as CEO Effective ImmediatelyStrategic Review Process Ongoing as Company Remains Focused on Improving Performance
        
















 News provided by
GNC Holdings, Inc.  
Jul 28, 2016, 06:45 ET









 Share this article




























































PITTSBURGH, July 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- GNC Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:    GNC) (the "Company"), a leading global specialty retailer of health, wellness and performance products, today announced that its board of directors ("GNC Board") has appointed Robert F. Moran, an Independent Director of GNC and former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PetSmart, Inc. ("PetSmart"), as interim Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately. Mr. Moran replaces Michael G. Archbold, Chief Executive Officer, who is leaving the Company and has resigned from the GNC Board. Mr. Moran will remain on the GNC Board. The Company also announced that its previously announced strategic review process remains ongoing.








"As we continue the strategic review process and move with urgency to improve performance, the Board believes it is the right time to undertake this change to drive effective execution of our plans," said Michael F. Hines, GNC's Chairman. "During Bob's four decades as a successful retail executive he demonstrated a proven ability to lead organizations in highly competitive environments and deliver profitable growth and shareholder value. His insights and perspective have been valuable during his tenure as an Independent Director, and we are grateful for his willingness to step into the interim CEO role at this time."
Mr. Hines continued, "I want to thank Mike for his contributions to GNC as CEO, including recruiting strong new talent to the management team and initiating a significant refranchising plan in the face of a challenging environment. We wish him well in the future."
Mr. Moran said, "Over the past few years, I have become familiar with the business and its potential, and I have the utmost confidence in GNC's prospects. I look forward to working closely with the Board and the talented team across GNC to serve our customers, deliver improved financial performance, and continue our strategic review as we work to change the trajectory of the business and enhance shareholder value."
Mr. Moran, 65, has over 40 years of executive leadership experience both domestically and internationally. He joined the GNC Board in July 2013. Mr. Moran most recently served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PetSmart, a leading specialty provider of pet products, services and solutions until June 2013. Prior to being appointed Chairman in January 2012, Mr. Moran served as PetSmart's Chief Executive Officer since June 2009 and its President and Chief Operating Officer from December 2001 to June 2009. Before joining PetSmart in 1999, Mr. Moran was President of Toys "R" Us Canada following various executive positions across finance and merchandising with Sears, Roebuck & Company, including as President and CEO of Sears de Mexico. Previously, he was Chief Financial Officer of Galerias Preciados, a leading Spanish retailer. Mr. Moran served on the boards of directors of Collective Brands, Inc. from March 2005 to October 2012 and of PetSmart from September 2009 to June 2013. He currently serves on the boards of directors of Hanesbrands, Inc. and the USA Track & Field Foundation.
About Us
GNC Holdings, Inc.  (NYSE:    GNC) - Headquartered in Pittsburgh, PA - is a leading global specialty health, wellness and performance retailer.
The Company's foundation is built on 80 years of superior product quality and innovation. GNC connects customers to their best by offering a premium assortment of health, wellness and performance products, including protein, performance supplements, weight management supplements, vitamins, herbs and greens, wellness supplements, health and beauty, food and drink and other general merchandise. This assortment features proprietary GNC - including Mega Men®, Ultra Mega®, Total LeanTM, Pro Performance®, Pro Performance® AMP, Beyond Raw®, GNC Puredge®, GNC GenetixHD®, Herbal Plus® - and nationally recognized third-party brands.
GNC's diversified, multi-channel business model generates revenue from product sales through company-owned retail stores, domestic and international franchise activities, third-party contract manufacturing, e-commerce and corporate partnerships. As of June 30, 2016, GNC had more than 9,000 locations, of which more than 6,700 retail locations are in the United States (including 2,343 Rite Aid franchise store-within-a-store locations) and franchise operations in approximately 50 countries.
Forward-Looking Statements Involving Known and Unknown Risks and Uncertainties
This release contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to the Company's financial condition, results of operations and business that is not historical information. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of terminology such as "subject to," "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "intends," "estimates," "projects," "may," "will," "should," "can," the negatives thereof, variations thereon and similar expressions, or by discussions regarding our dividend, share repurchase plan, strategy and outlook. While GNC believes there is a reasonable basis for its expectations and beliefs, they are inherently uncertain.  The Company may not realize its expectations and its beliefs may not prove correct. Many factors could affect future performance and cause actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed in or implied by forward-looking statements, including but not limited to unfavorable publicity or consumer perception of our products; costs of compliance and any failure on our part to comply with new and existing governmental regulations governing our products; limitations of or disruptions in our manufacturing system or losses of manufacturing certifications; disruptions in our distribution network; or failure to successfully execute our growth strategy, including any inability to expand our franchise operations or attract new franchisees, any inability to expand our company-owned retail operations, any inability to grow our international footprint, any inability to expand our e-commerce businesses, or any inability to successfully integrate businesses that we acquire.  The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Actual results could differ materially from those described or implied by such forward-looking statements. For a listing of factors that may materially affect such forward-looking statements, please refer to the Company's  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2015.
Contacts
Investors:Amy Greene, Vice President Investor & Government Relations, (412) 288-4744
Media: Sard Verbinnen & Co. Bryan Locke/Ellen Davis/Kelsey Markovich, 212-687-8080 blocke@sardverb.com edavis@sardverb.com kmarkovich@sardverb.com 
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150805/255701LOGO 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gnc-names-robert-f-moran-interim-ceo-300305279.html
SOURCE  GNC Holdings, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.gnc.com



 

















Jul 28, 2016, 06:50 ET
Preview: GNC Holdings, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2016 Results




















Jul 21, 2016, 16:15 ET
Preview: GNC Holdings, Inc. Announces Quarterly Dividend








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 12, 2017, 08:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              GNC Holdings, Inc. Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release, Webcast...








 











Apr 18, 2017, 06:50 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              GNC Holdings, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Results





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Household, Consumer & Cosmetics
  Retail
  Health Care & Hospitals
  Supplementary Medicine
  General Sports








 You just read:
GNC Names Robert F. Moran Interim CEO


 News provided by
GNC Holdings, Inc.  
Jul 28, 2016, 06:45 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




Robert F. Moran: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 11:27 AM ET
Specialty Retail

Company Overview of GNC Holdings, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Robert F. Moran  Interim Chief Executive Officer and Director, GNC Holdings, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships66$2,315,455As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Robert F. Moran, also known as Bob, has been interim Chief Executive Officer of GNC Holdings Inc. since July 27, 2016. Mr. Moran served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Petsmart, Inc. from January 30, 2012 to June 14, 2013 and from June 2009 to June 14, 2013 respectively. He served as the President and Chief Operating Officer of Petsmart Inc., from December 2001 to 2009. He joined Petsmart as the President of North American Stores in July 1999. From ... 1998 to 1999, he served as the President of Toys 'R' US Ltd., Canada. Mr. Moran has over 30 years with Sears, Roebuck and Company in a variety of financial and merchandising positions, including President and Chief Executive Officer of Sears de Mexico. He served as the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Galerias Preciados of Madrid, Spain from 1991 to 1993. He served as the Executive Chairman of Petsmart, Inc. from June 14, 2013 to June 14, 2013. He has been an Director of GNC Holdings Inc. since June 2013. He serves as a Director of USA Track & Field Foundation and Retail Industry Leaders Association. He has been an Independent Director of Hanesbrands Inc. since July 15, 2013. Mr. Moran has been an Independent Director of Payless Shoesource Inc., since March 2007. He served as an Independent Director of Payless Inc. (formerly, Collective Brands, Inc.) from March 2007 to October 9, 2012 and served as its Lead Director since May 2008 until May 2010. He served as a Director of Petsmart.com, Inc. since November 11, 1999 and PetSmart, Inc. from June 2009 to June 14, 2013. Mr. Moran received his B.S. in finance and Accounting from Villanova University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
300 Sixth AvenuePittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222United StatesPhone: 412-288-4600Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorRetail Industry Leaders Association2013-PresentIndependent DirectorHanesbrands Inc.2013-PresentInterim Chief Executive Officer and DirectorGNC Holdings, Inc.
Education
BS Villanova University
Other Affiliations
PetSmart, Inc.Payless Inc.Petsmart.com, Inc.Villanova UniversityHanesbrands Inc.Retail Industry Leaders Association


Annual Compensation
Salary$415,000Bonus$450,000Total Annual Compensation$865,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$1,000,000All Other Compensation$290,455
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$1,205,455Total Short Term Compensation$865,000Other Long Term Compensation$1,290,455Total Calculated Compensation$2,315,455




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationGregory L. Probert Executive Chairman & Chief Executive OfficerNature's Sunshine Products, Inc.$618.0KRitch N. Wood Chief Executive Officer and DirectorNu Skin Enterprises, Inc.$588.6KKevin G. Guest Chief Executive Officer and DirectorUSANA Health Sciences, Inc.$626.6KMenderes  Akdag Chief Executive Officer, President & DirectorPetMed Express, Inc.$600.0KColin Frederick Watts Chief Executive Officer and DirectorVitamin Shoppe, Inc.$780.8KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact GNC Holdings, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























GNC Holdings (GNC) on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»GNC Holdings (GNC) on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptApr.18.17 | About: GNC Holdings, (GNC) GNC Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:GNC)
Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call
April 18, 2017, 08:30 AM ET
Executives
Amy Greene - VP, Investor & Government Relations
Robert F. Moran - Interim CEO and Director
Tricia K. Tolivar - CFO
Analysts
Sean Stephen Kras - Barclays
Chris Horvers - JP Morgan
Shane Higgins - Deutsche Bank
Peter Benedict - Baird
Joshua Siber - Morgan Stanley
Curtis Nagle - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs
Sean Naughton - Piper Jaffray
Bob Summers - Macquarie
Damian Witkowski - Gabelli
Operator
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the GNC Holdings, Inc. First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, instructions will be given for the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded today, April 18, 2017. I would now like to turn the conference over to Amy Greene, VP, Investor & Government Relations. Please go ahead.
Amy Greene
Good morning everyone and thanks for being with us. During the call today, we'll talk about the performance of the ONE New GNC during the first quarter of 2017 and how that shapes our view of the coming year. We'll walk you through financial results we released earlier this morning and then open the call to your questions.
Before we begin, I must, as always, remind you that everything we cover during today's call including questions and answers is subject to forward-looking statements that are included in our 10-K.
Let me now turn it over to Bob Moran, our Interim CEO.
Robert F. Moran
Thanks, Amy, and good morning everyone. When we talked at this time last quarter, GNC had just opened its stores as a new and fundamentally transformed business model, one that is designed around the customer, leverage our core strength and competitive advantages, and is built to deliver meaningful profitable growth.
Looking at the first quarter results from the ONE New GNC, we are encouraged and excited by the progress of the business. Our goal was to bring consumers back to GNC with simplified competitive pricing, compelling loyalty programs, innovative and exclusive products, and a dramatically improved customer experience.
It's clear that customers are coming back to our stores. In the first quarter, transactions in our Company-owned stores were up 9.3%, the strongest growth this Company has seen in years. We were particularly encouraged by how transactions and customers conversions ramped throughout the quarter, and while up across the board, the original pilot markets are continuing to outpace the rest of the chain that were converted at the end of December.
We are also pleased with our GNC.com business, which while down 7% is a significant improvement compared to the down 49% that we experienced in the fourth quarter. We are encouraged with this performance and continue to aim for positive comps from this group in the back half of the year.
We believe that there were a few factors that helped to drive growth at GNC.com. First, our Amazon.com Marketplace is outperforming our sales expectation and is leading with strong sales of GNC branded products. Secondly, during the quarter, we invested in an online marketing campaign that we believe generated a significant return on investment and helped to elevate our share of voice during the quarter. And lastly, the expanded assortment of products available online also helped to drive sales.
But most encouraging is the performance of our new myGNC Rewards loyalty program which puts us in a strong position as we head into the rest of 2017. We now have 5.4 million members enrolled in the new myGNC Program; and in the first quarter, loyalty customers shopped more frequently. We are pleased that we are seeing former Gold Card members signing up for the new loyalty program while also attracting large numbers of new members.

On average, our members visited stores 1.5 times this quarter. When you consider that the typical member of our old and outdated Gold Card visited just four times in an entire year and that myGNC Rewards members are tracking to come six times a year, you see what the new program is capable of delivering.
We launched the PRO Access program in late March and already have almost 100,000 new members. The program, which combines traditional benefits like free shipping and points incentives with more premium offerings tailored to individual interests, purchase habits, and needs, is resonating with our core and most profitable customer segment, the health enthusiast.
But the true power of myGNC and PRO Access is capturing the e-mail addresses, which coupled with the customer data makes customized marketing much more cost-effective and efficient than it was for us in the past. Under our prior Gold Card program, while we had approximately 6 million members, we had only workable e-mail addresses for only 30% of them and customized communication with them through direct mail, which was much more expensive than targeted e-mail campaigns.
Our new program requires e-mail address for each member so that we can now communicate in a more cost-effective and timely manner, now that we're using the rich data we get from our new loyalty programs to narrowly target offers, recommend regimens and solutions and incent behaviors based on customers' specific detailed shopping habits and patterns. In an industry where consumers are looking for trusted advice, something that just can't get online with mass competitors, personalization matters and creates significant opportunities for our business.
Let's talk about pricing, which is a foundational element of the ONE New GNC strategy. As you know, we moved from multiple levels of pricing to a known value-added price strategy at the end of Q4, and we believe the change is helping fuel positive transaction trends. Today, we are sharply priced in categories that shape customers' perceptions and we are able to take some margin in areas where there is much more flexibility.
We're also significantly reducing the number of buy one and get one offers, which while they drove higher average ticket also had the potential to encourage pantry loading, in favor of 'percent off' promotions that capture consumers' attention, drive traffic frequency, and promote trial.
When we compare this year's first quarter to the prior year period, there are several marked differences. We had more than 20% reduction in the average number of SKUs on promotion, a greater than 80% reduction in the average number of items on BOGO during the period, and no all-store BOGO days compared to 10 in the prior year period.
Change at this level is never easy, and in the short term we are feeling the impact on basket size into our margins due to the investments that we have made in price and promotions. Getting customers back in the store is the first critical step and is exactly what we are doing. From here, we have plenty of opportunities to increase average ticket.
We continue to train associates in solutions-based selling, supported by technology and in-store marketing, which should be on display by early May. We're building and promoting additional regimens and we are adding new Grab-n-Go product offerings to the assortment. These initiatives all have basket building power and we expect to gain traction on that front beginning in the back half of the year. We believe that the incremental training the pilot markets received helped them transition the customers over to the new format and that subsequent training will be beneficial to the entire chain.
We are also focused on reinvigorating private-label innovation, which has historically been a competitive strength. This work includes developing new products and formulas that address unmet customer needs and expanding customer brands like Beyond Raw, Mega Men, Women's Ultra Mega, and GNC Probiotics. Innovation is the key to our product assortment and we are working to optimize the assortment and have projects underway to improve product turns, in stocks and right-size inventories in stores, our DCs and manufacturing.

Before I turn it over to Tricia, I'd like to spend just a few minutes on marketing, and specifically on our Super Bowl strategy. Our plan was to launch the ONE New GNC using the Super Bowl, including not just the game day ad but the ongoing campaign, social media outreach, and PR that comes with it. Vox suddenly and inexplicitly pulled our campaign just days before the Super Bowl. We are currently assessing the extent of these damages and we'll then take appropriate action.
As disappointed as we were, we continue to believe we are on the right track as we shift away from brand building and focus on customer acquisition and driving traffic. We are telling customers about the ONE New GNC and inviting them to come back, and as we saw in the first quarter, customers are responding. And while there is still a great deal of work to do, we feel good about the trends that we're seeing and believe we have created a business model that can deliver results.
With that, I'll hand it over to Tricia for a look at our first quarter numbers.
Tricia K. Tolivar
Good morning, everyone. During the first quarter, we saw continued strength in transactions, offset by softness in average basket due to both investments that we have made and price and the lapping in promotions that occurred during the prior year period. Importantly, we believe that the positive transaction trends point to the consumers' receptiveness to the changes we have implemented as part of the ONE New GNC.
For the quarter, our consolidated revenue decreased 3.6% to $644.8 million. Revenue was down by 3.8% year-over-year in our U.S. and Canada segment during the first quarter and at 7% in our International segment, while Manufacturing/Wholesale revenue excluding inter-segment sales decreased 8.6%.
Excluding gains on refranchising in both periods and the legal charge related to the outcome of litigation, adjusted EPS was $0.37 this quarter compared to $0.69 in the prior year period. First quarter same-store sales including GNC.com decreased 3.9% in domestic Company-owned stores, with the biggest declines coming from protein, vitamins, weight management, and food and drink, which was partially offset by strong performance from the health and beauty and performance supplement categories.
As we defined in the earnings release, same-store sales exclude sales of all membership programs, so the Gold Card and PRO Access sales have no impact to comp. It's product only. We shared the previous eight quarters, in 2016 and 2015, under our revised definition in our earnings release.
Last quarter, we had a 49% decline in GNC.com sales as we better aligned online and in-store pricing and promotions. With that work behind us and the added benefit of our launch on the Amazon Marketplace and our investment in an online marketing campaign, we saw a decrease of just 7.2% in the first quarter of 2017 and are encouraged by this performance. And as Bob said, we believe that this will help GNC.com achieve positive comps in the back half of the year.
In domestic franchise locations, same-store sales decreased 4.6% during the first quarter. For the quarter, transaction and average basket were up 4.2% and declined 8.4% respectively.
Our International business grew during the first quarter, with a 3.8% local-currency same-store sales helping drive a 7% increase in revenue and a 10.9% growth in operating income. We are beginning to see some improved business trends in Mexico, South Korea and Hong Kong.
Revenues in the Manufacturing/Wholesale business, excluding inter-segment sales, declined 8.6% for the quarter. Third-party contract manufacturing continued to increase, up almost 1% for the first quarter. Sales to wholesale partners decreased 19.3% compared to the prior year period, due primarily to a rationalization of SKUs sold to a warehouse, the Wholesale Club partner. And inter-segment sales decreased 2.7%, primarily due to lower GNC branded product sales in the U.S. and Canada.

First quarter gross profit as a percent of sales was 33%. Compared to last year, we experienced softer gross margins in the first quarter, driven by deleveraging and occupancy costs associated with negative same-store sales and by lower domestic retail product margins, partially offset by the recognition of the remaining $23 million in deferred revenue associated with the Gold Card program and prior year deep discount on excess vitamins.
Backing out the benefit of Gold Card revenue, net of coupon redemptions, our gross margin for the quarter would have been 30.6%, which is significantly below we believe our gross profit margin will be for the full year. We believe that a more normalized level for the remainder of 2017 is in the 31% to 33% range, improving as we move through the back half of the year and begin to see the benefit of margin enhancing programs we have put in place that are designed to shift product mix and our costs.
Excluding a legal charge related to a U.K. license agreement, SG&A in the first quarter was 24.6% of sales. That's up a bit from where we've been in the past due to increased marketing costs to support the media campaign around the ONE New GNC launch and online advertising.
During the first quarter, we saw a strong 3-to-1 return on the dollars we invested in online marketing, and as such have continued to invest in the second quarter. If we continue to see the return, we may make the decision to allocate incremental dollars behind online marketing in the back half of 2017.
Let me take a few minutes to go through some of the changes that we are seeing in the business since the introduction of the ONE New GNC. As Bob told you, our pricing and promotional strategies are proving their worth in bringing customers back to GNC. We are pleased with the cadence of strengthening transactions at Company-owned stores through the first quarter, with January up 7.5%, February up 7.8% and March up 11.7%.
After several years of consistent transaction declines, largely self-inflicted due to the consumers' perception that we were over-priced as the old pricing model was confusing, we are very pleased that the consumers are coming back to GNC.
As we look at the rollout of the pricing and segregate the stores by time of launch, there are three different groups of stores; the original 249 pilot stores launched in September; group two, the 228 stores converted in October; and the rest of the chain at the end of December.
So the first quarter, the original pilot group experienced a year-over-year 14.8% lift in transactions, offset by a 12.9% year-over-year decline in average basket, resulting in a flat same-store sales. In the second group of stores that converted to the ONE New GNC in October, for the first quarter we experienced a 13% increase in transactions year-over-year, a 10.1% year-over-year decline in average basket, resulting in a 1.7% increase in same-store sales. Lastly, in the rest of the chain, those stores that converted on December 29, 2016, for the first quarter we saw an 8.8% increase in transactions year-over-year and a 11.8% drop in average basket, resulting in a same-store sales decline of 4.1%.
As we have discussed on prior calls, we made a conscious choice to invest in price and believe it was fundamental to getting customers back into the stores and to remove the perception issues about the price/value proposition that GNC offers. We are aware that it will take time to change perception and recover basket but believe that we are on the right path and are encouraged by what we are seeing. We are pleased that the pilot stores continue to generate transaction results which are better than the rest of the chain, continuing the trends that began at the launch of each pilot.

All three groups saw a slowdown in basket recovery and transaction growth during February as we lapped a particularly aggressive promotional [campaign] [ph] in the prior year period. And Bob mentioned in his comments, the prior year quarter was fairly heavy with all-store BOGOs, four days in February and six days in March. The BOGO events tended to drive average basket size, the extent of future transactions and frequency.
In the second and third quarter, there are several periods of all-store BOGOs that we have to anniversary. In the second quarter, there were six all-store BOGO days in May, six days in June, and in the third quarter there are also six days in September. We estimate that on average each all-store BOGO drove approximately 700,000 in incremental sales per day.
As Bob mentioned, we're also very pleased with the improved customer conversion trends that we've been seeing. Prior to the December 29th launch, pilot stores in malls and strip centers, both saw conversion list of 13% and 7% respectively. Since the implementation of the new pricing, both pilot markets and the rest of the chain stores are continuing to see improvements in conversion.
As we stated in the first quarter, based on these trends and our focus on improving average ticket, we believe our same-store sales will sequentially strengthen over the course of fiscal 2017 and still expect them to turn positive in the back half of the year.
Looking at the balance sheet, we ended the first quarter with $46 million in net cash from operating activities. We invested $14 million in capital expenditures and generated $33.4 million in free cash flow. As we indicated last quarter, for fiscal 2017 we are still planning fewer new store openings and less spending on IT and still expect CapEx to be approximately $34 million, a $25 million reduction from the prior year. Further, we expect 2017 free cash flow to be in excess of $250 million.
As we discussed last quarter, we plan to use cash that previously would have been allocated to our dividend or in prior quarters to share repurchases to lower our debt levels, focusing first on paying down our revolver. This is a sharp departure from our previous strategy but we believe it is important to invest in the successful turnaround in the business. It's our intention to move towards a long-term adjusted leverage ratio of approximately 3x, with rent capitalized at 5x, and to take a disciplined approach to inventory management and capital expenditures. Working capital initiatives should drive incremental near-term debt reduction opportunities.
At the end of 2016, the vast majority, more than 95% of our stores, generated positive cash flow and are EBITDA positive. Like other retailers in the market, we will continue to re-evaluate our real estate portfolio and make changes we feel are in the best interest of the Company and our shareholders.
As we said last quarter, this is an entirely new business model. We are managing and modelling it completely differently than we have in the past. We're very excited about the progress that we have made in a short period of time, but with any new business, we believe it is prudent to see additional results and trends before we give detailed guidance.
As we said last quarter and continue to believe, we still expect to return to positive same-store sales and begin to see quarter-on-quarter margin rate and dollar benefit in the back half of the year. As we get through a full annual cycle, we should begin to see those improvements drop to the bottom line. As we have mentioned in the past, it takes a 2% same-store sales comp for us to see benefit of operating leverage.
With that, I'll turn it back to Bob for some quick closing comments.
Robert F. Moran
Thanks, Tricia. I think it's clear that with first quarter of performance from our new business model behind us, we are encouraged by the trends that we're seeing. We have changed this business in a fundamental way, and while there is still work to do and investments to make, we're confident that the ONE New GNC can and will deliver meaningful results for our shareholders. Operator, let's open up the call for questions.

Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
[Operator Instructions] For the first question, we'll go to Sean Kras of Barclays.
Sean Stephen Kras
Of the 5 million customers that joined the Rewards program, how many were previously Gold Card members?
Robert F. Moran
This is Bob Moran. Actually it's 5.4 million, so let's keep that going. But it was about 30% was Gold Card members.
Tricia K. Tolivar
Identifiable Gold Card members.
Robert F. Moran
Identifiable Gold Card members.
Sean Stephen Kras
Okay. And maybe can you tell us a little bit about what you have learned about the myGNC Rewards members that were not previously Gold Card members, what are these folks buying in the stores and how frequently are they purchasing and things like that?
Tricia K. Tolivar
So the Gold Card members – excuse me, the new myGNC Rewards members are coming into our stores and we actually talked about how their frequency is about 1.5 times in the quarter alone. So that frequency, if you go back and look at the patterns of buying of our historical Gold Card members, they would only come four times per year. So if we assume that this frequency levels that the new members in this myGNC Rewards program continues throughout the rest of 2017, we are on a trajectory to have consumers come six times per year, and their spend frankly is higher than what the Gold Card customer was spending. So we're seeing very positive behaviors coming out of these new members.
Sean Stephen Kras
And just a clarification on that, are the folks who were previously Gold Card members, are they coming back in excess of 1.5 times, are they also sort of in that range?
Tricia K. Tolivar
I don't have that answer right in front of me, but my expectation is that they would be – their frequency will be consistent with what we are seeing, but I don't have that specific data.
Sean Stephen Kras
Okay. And then just one more for me, Tricia, you alluded to the opportunity to work with product partners to lower costs, I'm just wondering if you could give us a sense of maybe the size of that opportunity and is this something we could start seeing in the numbers this quarter?
Tricia K. Tolivar
So we are in discussions with our partners, their relationship is very important to us and we'll continue to work those throughout the year, and I would expect to see improvements in our margins in the back half as those negotiations and dollars materialize in the results.
Sean Stephen Kras
Got it. Thanks guys.
Operator
We'll move on to our next question which will come from Chris Horvers of JP Morgan.
Chris Horvers
A question, I'm trying to peel back the comp and see what the underlying trend is here. Clearly, you are showing very nice traffic and momentum during the quarter with the earliest converted stores. Can you talk about the timing of the advertising campaign? Did that sort of coincide with that acceleration in traffic during the quarter and how do you think about the sustainability of that? And then secondly, remind us of what – if I was an existing Gold Card member and let's say I still had six months to go on my membership at the end of December, I got auto-converted into new program, did I get a coupon and did that encourage me to come back or was that coupon used on that transaction the next time I came in the store? Just trying to get a sense of how much those two factors perhaps helped the overall comp and traffic.
Robert F. Moran
Chris, this is Bob. Let me kick off with the ad campaign. We started off in January with about 700 million marketing impressions, which obviously was to kick-start the program, and then it was go post a lead to the Super Bowl, which obviously we got kicked out about six days beforehand, which did have an impact on it. And if you think about the Super Bowl, it's one of the classic viewing sites we are actually advertising and watching the commercials become sort of an art. So we missed that on that and we had to go to a Plan B.

So we got marketing impressions but not as strong lift as we would have gotten from the Super Bowl. And the momentum is still carrying through March, but that was really the big push, it was really the first quarter. The push now is really to our associates and the conversations that they are having with the customers as they come in the store, and we are continuing to do marketing but not at the level of January and February.
But on the – you asked about the question about Gold Card members. Yes, we did give a coupon to Gold Card members; one, to recognize their value to us, and also recognize how we could include them into the ONE New GNC. And I think that was well-received by a lot of the Gold Card members. And I can't remember what the other question was.
Tricia K. Tolivar
So, on that point on the Gold Card members, to give you some perspective, Chris, that we only had $1.4 million in coupon redemptions related to that campaign, and that was disclosed in the earnings release. So it's a very small part, although it was important to the launch to make sure we appease the Gold Card customer and thank them for their purchase and rewarded – compensated them for that. It didn't have a significant impact on the transaction counts that you are seeing.
So one other thing, I just want to reinforce, that we did change our same-store sales reporting. So if you were to look apples to apples comparison to how we reported in the past with Gold Card, same-store sales would have been down 6.5%. But we think it's critical to focus on product comps, and really the reason behind our change is to match what we believe is important from a key performance indicator perspective, and we did a lot of research on how others are treating membership programs and we modelled ourselves against Costco in our approach at how we are looking at comps and focusing on product comps going forward.
And Bob talked about this from a marketing perspective and how we can leverage going forward. We have this 5.4 million myGNC Reward members and we are able to leverage their e-mails much more effectively through a CRM basis to drive the traffic going forward.
Chris Horvers
Understood. And then just a cleanup question on the gross margin, should we think about the benefit to gross margin, is it the net $4 million or is it the gross $24 million as it relates for this quarter related to the membership change?
Tricia K. Tolivar
So in the quarter, there is a benefit of $24 million that will not replicate in future quarters. And if you adjust the gross profit margins and exclude it, it will go from 33% to 30.6%.
Chris Horvers
Okay, so it's not the net $4 million, it's the gross $20 million?
Tricia K. Tolivar
If you look year-over-year, it's in that $4 million impact, but that $24 million will not replicate in second, third or fourth quarter.
Chris Horvers
Understood. Thanks very much.
Operator
And next we'll go to Shane Higgins of Deutsche Bank.
Shane Higgins
I first just wanted to drill down, I think Bob, you said you guys had about 100,000 PRO Access members so far, and can you just remind us when – I believe you guys rolled that out at the very end of the quarter, so I guess that's for the first couple of weeks, how is that trending relative to your expectations? And what's kind of, I don't know if you want to give the exact target for the year, but kind of what's your expectations in terms of the membership fees that could be generated from that program and how much of the Gold Card membership fee income do you think that could replace?
Robert F. Moran
You are right, Shane, we did kick it off at the end of March and we did that purposefully because as we were layering in the new GNC and really going from the old GNC to the new GNC, we really didn't want to burden our sales associates with too many conversations. So one, we wanted to kick off the pricing, we wanted to kick off the myGNC free rewards, and then couple that with the PRO Access at the end of March.

So two weeks prior, we went through extensive training, we were in progress that we have about 100,000 at this point in time. The target at the end of the year, we haven't disclosed, but it's ultimately down the road and we think it's going to take a year, we'll end up getting to a point where we can match up to the revenues that we have from the Gold Card.
And again, these are the customers that really are health enthusiasts that spend more and visit us more. So we are very excited about adding that program on. The features that we have today, it's a dynamic program, it's meant to keep on adding features to it, and as we add features, obviously we're going to have stronger conversations as we go through it.
We are having a lot of success, in about 50% of the stores, and obviously right now we are concentrating on the other 50% to help them understand the program better and go in and maybe change some of our conversations that we have to have with our consumers. But we feel that right now we are very happy with where we are today and where we are expecting the progress through the end of year.
Shane Higgins
Okay, I appreciate that color. And just switching gears real quick to the balance sheet, I don't think, Tricia, you addressed this, but your net debt to EBITDA increased a bit by my math, I think it was around 4.6x at the end of the quarter. Could you just provide an update on where you stand with respect to your covenants today and if you guys have had any discussions with your lenders about potentially extending your revolver or term loan just to maybe give you guys some additional headroom while you execute your new strategy?
Tricia K. Tolivar
Sure, Shane. So I believe we're at 4.7x and we are closely monitoring our cash flows and our projected cash flows are sufficient to meet our needs and don't give us any concern with our existing agreements. We are in compliance and anticipate that we will remain in compliance throughout 2017. But we certainly are monitoring the market and we intend to approach the market with something in the near-term to address our upcoming maturities.
Shane Higgins
Okay. So just to be clear, you guys don't expect your financial covenants to impact your operating flexibility in any way over the next few quarters?
Tricia K. Tolivar
We do not.
Shane Higgins
Okay, thanks. I'll yield.
Operator
We'll move to our next question which will come from Peter Benedict of Robert W. Baird.
Peter Benedict
First question, just Bob, talk a little bit more about strategies to build basket, and obviously the transactions are coming back, but is it more about training in stores, I think you alluded to some things around technology coming to stores in May, maybe expand on that, and are there any adjacent categories that you are considering as you think about how the store might look going forward?
Robert F. Moran
It's good question, Peter. Yes, definitely the opportunity we have, we want to utilize some of our competitive advantages, which is our backroom, and our backroom is about our science, our quality of products and our knowledge of the products, and then coupling that with what we consider to be optimum regimens, is really key to our conversations with the consumer. And if you think about this, with the myGNC and also the PRO Access, we have incredible insight to what customer is buying, but then we can fit them into optimum regimens and through that we can incent through our CRM program how do you get one more item into or towards that optimum regimen or solutions that you're trying to do.
Continued training is incredibly important, and that's something that we will continue to do, and we've found that in the past our training was around how do we sell more Gold Card, now our training is about how to be a trusted advisor, how do we give you solutions to your needs, be it running a marathon to not sleeping through the night or recovering from cancer treatments. These are things that we are trying to do. We are building bundles to support the regimens.

We are also focusing on Grab-n-Go type of products that basically are in the register, they are basically 9.99, very attractive as we do that. We're looking at our products and obviously we got new innovation coming in and new products coming in through the course of the year that will be very exciting, that will also drive conversations.
And again, the key here is the conversation between our associate and our customer. And I've said before and what we say here in the Company, our most valuable piece of real estate is the three feet between one of our associates and one of our consumers, so that we can actually have that conversation, we could become a trusted advisor and we can recommend solutions to their needs. And if you really think about our competition, when you go to the aisle, it's about self-selection and self-selection is not the only thing our consumers are looking for. They are really looking for somebody that has experienced it or have seen somebody experience what they are looking for and a change in their lifestyle.
We think this is very exciting and can't do it overnight. When you're changing a culture that selling Gold Cards or explaining a pricing proposition that's really difficult to understand to now where we are talking about regimens and lifestyles changes, it takes a little bit of time and you can see that in the pilot stores. As we are picking up momentum in the pilot stores, not only more transactions, more frequency, but we're starting to work on that basket in those areas, and we're pretty excited about what we're seeing.
So, a lot of work to be done, a lot more to add, and I hate to say it, the hardest part of this was, will the consumers come back, and we're seeing that the consumers are coming back. Now we are back to retailing 101. How do we add one more item to the basket? And I think we are very capable of doing that.
Peter Benedict
That's helpful. And I think you alluded to technology coming in May. I mean, can you expand on that?
Robert F. Moran
We have invested in the stores with new registers and also tablets, and obviously as we are working on putting content in to support our sales associates, because it's impossible to know every single ingredient or every single benefit of every single product, and what we want to do is help them with the tablets with that type of content so they can actually add value to the conversations that they have, and use our backroom expertise which I think is far superior than anybody else out there.
Tricia K. Tolivar
And part of what's coming in May is additional marketing collateral in-store to help support those discussions around solution-based selling and regimens, [indiscernible] other displays to help assist the associates in the selling process with the consumer.
Peter Benedict
Okay, that's helpful. And then just my other follow-up question just around the competitive environment and any response that you've been seeing in the market to your new pricing posture, and I mean what comment can you give us around that?
Robert F. Moran
The only changes we have seen, I mean in the specialty area we have seen competitors doing lot more BOGOs, which we are shying away from because we felt that during the BOGO, the added value, the days before and the days after, they took value away. So when you kind of added up the whole process, it didn't really add a lot of value. But we're starting to see a little bit more promotional activity within the competitive landscape, but we intend to respond appropriately. And we are getting smarter with our promotions. Instead of doing broad based rush, we're looking at categories that actually drive traffic and that are meaningful to the customer, and especially with the pricing perception, I think that's critical as we go forward.

Peter Benedict
Okay, it makes sense. Thanks very much.
Operator
Now we'll take a question from Simeon Gutman of Morgan Stanley.
Joshua Siber
It's Joshua Siber on for Simeon. I'm curious, what percent of the sales from Q1 came from the new customers versus existing customers? And of the existing customers, are they buying the core products that you have always had or some of the newer products that you're just introducing?
Tricia K. Tolivar
So there's a good balance between new and existing customers in our sales results. There is a little bit of an opportunity to assess the data more because we have 5.4 million members in our myGNC Rewards program, nearly as many members as we had in our Gold Card program historically, and creating that connection to those myGNC Rewards members, were they in fact truly Gold Card customers in the past.
So what we have seen with the data that we have is that there is a significant number of new customers and there is a healthy balance of new and existing, and the existing customers appear to be spending in a similar way that they have in the past in similar categories.
Joshua Siber
Are you still working with Dunnhumby to mine the data?
Tricia K. Tolivar
We are not working with Dunnhumby per se but we are certainly using their methods in-house. So we have developed that expertise by partnering with Dunnhumby for a number of years and have brought that in-house over the past several months and are leveraging it in a very similar way.
Joshua Siber
Okay. My follow-up question relates to the Amazon Store front. Curious what your expectations are for online and store cannibalization and what the product margins look like relative to the rest of the store?
Tricia K. Tolivar
What we find with our omni-channel customers is we actually see that they spend more in store when they are omni-channel. So it boosts both the brick and mortar experience and the online experience. And specifically with Amazon, we are seeing a very high mix of GNC branded products. The consumer shopping on Amazon is looking for GNC and those products have very high margins. So we are able to leverage that on the store front with Amazon.
Joshua Siber
Are you seeing these customers buy on GNC.com as well in addition to the shopping on Amazon or are they exclusively on Amazon?
Tricia K. Tolivar
It's too early to tell at this point but we'll continue to monitor the data.
Joshua Siber
Got it. Thank you.
Operator
And now we'll go to a question from Curtis Nagle of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Curtis Nagle
Just a quick one on free cash flow, I was hoping to clarify the number, I think you said $250 million this year, and if that's the case, what are the primary drivers? It looks like that would imply a pretty significant acceleration.
Tricia K. Tolivar
So the free cash flow, I did say $250 million. It's the combination of working capital improvements and operating results.
Curtis Nagle
Could you be a little more specific in terms of I guess which buckets within working capital?
Tricia K. Tolivar
So we do have an opportunity to rationalize our inventory levels. So our inventory per store amounts are the highest they've been in years. In the first quarter, we wanted to be very mindful of our in-stock. So we did accelerate inventory to make sure that we were meeting the demand that we were seeing from the transaction levels. But we do see opportunity to segment stores and reallocate inventory into the appropriate places, which would result in reductions in average inventory per store and working capital improvement by the end of 2017.
Curtis Nagle
Understood. And then I guess are there any opportunities on accounts payable?
Tricia K. Tolivar
Certainly always looking for opportunities on accounts payable and that would be part of discussions with the vendors that are ongoing.

Curtis Nagle
Got it. All night, thanks very much.
Operator
[Operator Instructions] We will now go to Stephen Tanal of Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Tanal
I guess just to follow-up on that last one first, other than elevated inventory in 1Q, is there anything else that you would sort of describe as sort of unusual with respect to kind of the run rate in cash generation? Obviously $33 million and we are talking about $24 million of deferred Gold Card fee revenue. Like is there something else we should be thinking about there that would imply kind of like $9 million underlying operating figure?
Tricia K. Tolivar
So there isn't anything else underlying. So certainly as we sell more PRO Access memberships, those drive cash flows in the back half of the year, and improvement in the business itself in addition to the improvement in PRO Access sales is what drives the improved performance.
Stephen Tanal
Got it. And then just advertising at $12.3 million per quarter, is that a fair run rate or is that a bit elevated given the relaunch? Where should we think about that going quarterly?
Tricia K. Tolivar
So the advertising and the $12.3 million that we referred to was actually an increase in advertising over the prior year, and $6 million of that was related to the launch of the ONE New GNC, the combination of the Super Bowl investment that we reallocated into other areas, and around $6 million in an investment in online marketing that we mentioned that had a 3-to-1 return.
So, as we look at those results and what that means going forward, advertising historically has been around 2.5% of sales. I would say, our spend would be at least that on a go forward basis, and as we learn more about online marketing and see those results, it's possible that that could increase as we proceed through the second, third and fourth quarter.
From an online marketing perspective, we heavily invested, as I mentioned, $6 million in the first quarter and we are pleased with the results, and we have elected to continue that investment in April and we'll closely monitor and adjust the investment up or down based on the returns as we go into 2017.
Stephen Tanal
Got it, that's helpful. And just lastly, as we kind of look at the relaunch impact kind of by bucket or stores, which was great and helpful to think about, and the transactions are obviously great across the board, but it seems like the overall comp is pretty different by group of stores and most recent set being the toughest, the first set a little softer than the second set. What do you make of that, how do you think about the ramp and how would you characterize the different outcomes here by group of stores?
Tricia K. Tolivar
So certainly our most recent stores haven't had the benefit of more time on the program. So the pilots had an additional two to three months at least on the program, so their customers are coming more often. The transaction list and the pilot locations are five points or more above the rest of the chain. And so you can see where's the momentum that continues to build.
The other piece is that there is a significant investment in basket. So, as the stores, back to what Bob said, as the stores continue to demonstrate Retail 101 behavior, and we will see that improve. So our expectation is, the rest of the chain will model itself out with time very similar to what the pilot stores were experiencing.
Certainly training will help that, but keep in mind that in February, all-store BOGO in the prior year had an impact on all of our stores from a comp perspective, a basket perspective and a transaction perspective, and also keep in mind that there are two six-day BOGOs, all-store BOGOs in the second quarter that we are anniversarying too. So that will have an impact on our results as we move through Q2.

Stephen Tanal
Got it. Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator
We'll take our next question from Sean Naughton of Piper Jaffray.
Sean Naughton
Good morning and thanks for the breakout on the retail sales and the online data, it's helpful, on the comp side. But just I guess when looking at that and I take a look at your kind of domestic retail business on a three-year stacked trend, it appears there's very small kind of improvement from Q4, only about 30 basis points, and I would have expected some potentially higher numbers given the marketing campaign and maybe an extra selling day from Easter. So any explanation there, am I looking at these correctly, anything I should be thinking about as I think about modelling moving forward?
Tricia K. Tolivar
I would really focus on transaction list. So the transaction, Q1 transaction increase was 9.3% over the prior year. Those types of transaction lists are something we have not seen in years and years at GNC. So understanding that we made an investment in basket but we have training and programs in place to help drive that in the back half, so I would focus on the transactions and how that's changed dramatically from the fourth quarter, so we were down 6.5% in Q4 and up 9.3% in Q1, and then the opportunities that we have in basket to drive positive comps in the back half of the year.
Sean Naughton
Okay. And then any clarification on whether or not Easter shifting out of Q1 into Q2 was a benefit for you guys?
Tricia K. Tolivar
It certainly was some benefit to us and it's less than a point, but it has an impact.
Sean Naughton
And then any comment on how that impacted transactions for the month of March? So you gave the numbers going from 7.5%, 7.8%, then to 11.7%.
Tricia K. Tolivar
There is some impact but it does not explain the increase that we see from 7.5% to 11%.
Sean Naughton
Okay. And then I guess you also provided some interesting details on the 249 stores that you rolled out in September, for a flat comp in the first quarter. Any commentary on how those 249 stores performed in Q4?
Tricia K. Tolivar
So those stores in Q4 had positive transaction growth amounts and declines in basket. They hadn't reached a net positive comp yet in Q4 but they were – what we're seeing in the rest of the chain is very similar to what we saw in the pilot markets in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Sean Naughton
So if I just summarize that, so the Group 1 stores improved in comp from Q1 from Q4?
Tricia K. Tolivar
That is correct.
Sean Naughton
Okay. And then just last question on the online segment, obviously a very nice improvement from Q4 into Q1, how much of that overall improvement was just driven by the Amazon Marketplace, and then I think somebody else asked about the contribution margin from that business relative to the overall business, but is that better than your own GNC.com business?
Tricia K. Tolivar
The Amazon Marketplace business is very new. So we launched the site in January and it is contributing to closing the gap in the declines in GNC.com. But we have also done a number of other things with our GNC.com program. We have added and expanded assortment. So there is 3,000 or more SKUs have been added. We invested in the online marketing, which both benefits dotcom and the brick-and-mortar locations. And as you mentioned, we introduced our marketplace and FBA on Amazon Store Prime, eligible in February. And all of those together are helping us close the gap and give us the belief that in the back half of the year, as we mentioned in the call, we'll return to positive comps in the GNC.com business.
Regarding margins on Amazon, I mentioned earlier, we have a high penetration of GNC branded sales. So that yields quite high margins on our Amazon business, and this certainly proves to make very good economics despite the toll there is associated with participating on Amazon.

Sean Naughton
Okay. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator
Now we'll take a question from Bob Summers with Macquarie.
Bob Summers
Just to dig a little more into the comp bucket, so clearly as a group the pilot stores are comping positive with the second group more productive than the first. I guess is it fair to say that you learned something in the first set of stores that made the second better? And then second, with respect to the remaining stores, as you look at the progression, how does it compare to that second set? Is the path similar or is there anything in the dispersion of performance that would give you any concern?
Tricia K. Tolivar
So to start with your last question, there is nothing in the performance that we're seeing that gives us any concern. The rest of the chain that launched in December 29th is performing similarly to the pilot locations. And while there are variances and differences between the two launches, September and October, we haven't identified anything in particular that's causing one to differ from the other. While there are differences, they are not significantly different. And what the rest of the chain needs is just the benefit of more time that those pilot locations have. So, continued improvement and momentum in the transaction comps, and that's expected as we move through 2017.
Bob Summers
Okay. And then you talked about the success of Amazon Marketplace. Are there any metrics that you can put around that or maybe frame it as to how you are executing against both what you think are the near and longer term opportunities?
Tricia K. Tolivar
There aren't any other specific metrics that we'll share at this time, except to say that we are exceeding our expectations and we are pleased with the opportunities and what it will be able to do for us in the back half of 2017 and beyond.
Operator
We have time for one last question, and that will come from Damian Witkowski of Gabelli.
Damian Witkowski
Question on the retention or conversion rate, the 30% that's identifiable from the paid Gold Card to the free Gold Card, and where does that rank in terms of what you were thinking initially? I mean, that seems pretty low. What are you doing to kind of get it to a higher number and what do you think that number ultimately may be?
Tricia K. Tolivar
So the 30% conversion is tracking where we expected. Certainly we'll have the benefit of time to see that improve. But what we are very pleased with is the frequency of the people that are coming and in the past they came four times per year, our new members are on a path to come six times per year. And while we have specifically identified a conversion of 30% of our existing Gold Card members, there is a possibility that there are My Free GNC Rewards members that were old Gold Card members that we have yet to link that data.
Damian Witkowski
Okay. And then you mentioned the environment getting more competitive. Just curious, A, what do you think is driving that? I mean is it that the overall market is slowing and at once trying to grab a bigger share of a shrinking pie or – and more importantly, where is it coming from, is it coming from the specialty independents or is it coming more from the bigger rivals?
Tricia K. Tolivar
So where we are seeing the more competitiveness is in the specialty area. They are really watching our price and reacting in a very promotional way. We are not finding that our space in general is becoming tighter. So, all of our estimates indicate that we have got mid to low single digit growth, so 5% to 6% growth in the industry as we move forward, and in the specialty space it's 6% or more and projected to be that through 2020.
Damian Witkowski
And then just lastly, can you talk about mall locations versus your other locations on a same-store sales basis, just performance, how it compares to overall?

Tricia K. Tolivar
So the transaction list we are seeing in the malls and the strips are very similar, and the conversion rate in the mall locations is actually higher than in the strip locations. So we are seeing good momentum from all our real estate types.
Operator
This does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back to CEO, Bob Moran, for any additional or closing comments.
Robert F. Moran
I just want to thank you for your time. We are very excited in what we have accomplished and actually even more excited for what we think is going to happen in the back half. We will continue making investments in our associates, especially in our training and in our conversations, but looking forward 90 days from now to look at our Q2 results and be able to talk a little bit more about all the things that are transpiring for the back half of the year. Thank you very much.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the GNC Holdings, Inc. First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for using AT&T TeleConference.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Services, Drug Stores, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All GNC TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Services including Restaurant and Retail Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Services including Restaurant and Retail StocksIndependent News & Media Plc - Has The World Really Ended?Editors' Pick • INNZF• Today, 11:14 AM • Philip RyanBuy Chipotle Stock Amid Recent Outbreak FearsCMG• Today, 8:48 AM • Christopher Yuen•19 CommentsGreene King: Is The 5% Yield Enough?GKNGY, GRKGF• Today, 8:36 AM • Mark Dockray•1 CommentFundamentals And Technicals Agree On W.W. Grainger StockGWW• Yesterday, 7:35 PM • Aleksandar Vichev•5 CommentsThe Long Case For LiLACEditors' Pick • LILA• Yesterday, 4:00 PM • Stephen SarokiThe Short Case For Singapore Press HoldingsEditors' Pick • SGPRY, SGPRF• Yesterday, 4:00 PM • Warren ChanBed & Bath Beyond: A No Brainer, Management Optionality UndervaluedBBBY• Yesterday, 3:24 PM • Kario-Paul Brown•5 CommentsComcast And Liberty Global Invest In Integrate's Demand MarTechLBTYA• Yesterday, 3:24 PM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentWhy Air France-KLM Is In A BubbleAFRAF• Yesterday, 3:23 PM • Wubbe Bos•2 CommentsKroger's Recent Price Weakness Might Just Be A Good LossKR• Yesterday, 3:00 PM • Chuck Carnevale•45 CommentsWag Of Approval For PetIQPETQ• Yesterday, 1:56 PM • Don Dion•1 CommentGNC: I'm Not Bluffing With Pocket DeucesGNC• Yesterday, 1:37 PM • Courage & Conviction Investing•35 CommentsDynaCert: Promising To Boost Transportation Business Profit MarginsDYFSF• Yesterday, 1:00 PM • Research & Investment•5 CommentsNew Stocks In Exec Comp And ROIC Model Portfolio: July 2017FL• Yesterday, 12:26 PM • David Trainer•1 CommentDollar Tree: Paying The Growth Premium Is Not Worth The RiskDLTR• Yesterday, 11:43 AM • Samuel Smith•10 CommentsMoody's Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMCO• Yesterday, 11:42 AM • SA TranscriptsNetflix: Does Growth Justify The Valuation?NFLX• Yesterday, 11:31 AM • Hudson River Capital Research•47 CommentsSprouts Is Not Sprouting HigherSFM, WFM• Yesterday, 10:45 AM • Martin Hausman•5 CommentsLowes: Contrarian Play Post Sears/Amazon DealLOW• Yesterday, 10:41 AM • L&F Capital Management•10 CommentseBay: Results Bemuse The StreetEBAY• Yesterday, 10:30 AM • Quad 7 Capital•7 CommentsDividend Champion On Clearance Rack And In My PortfolioTGT• Yesterday, 9:48 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•84 CommentsA Bidding War For Advisory Board CompanyABCO• Yesterday, 9:27 AM • Ensemble CapitalPapa Murphy's Holdings: An Overlooked Competitor In A Crowded SpaceEditors' Pick • FRSH• Yesterday, 9:19 AM • Dining Stocks Online•13 CommentsHome Depot - Don't Panic, BuyHD• Yesterday, 9:00 AM • Leo Nelissen•21 CommentsDineEquity And Its 9% DividendDIN• Yesterday, 8:51 AM • Prescient Investment Analysis•8 CommentsNo Need To Ditch UnitedUAL• Yesterday, 8:51 AM • Detroit Bear•2 CommentsKansas City Southern 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKSU• Yesterday, 8:33 AM • SA TranscriptsDryShips Inc.: Reverse Split Selling Is Not Over YetDRYS• Yesterday, 8:30 AM • Morningsidepark•81 CommentsHome Depot: What Changed?HD• Yesterday, 2:24 AM • Joseph Harry•29 CommentsDunkin' Brands: A No-Frills 20% OpportunityDNKN• Yesterday, 12:29 AM • Black Coral Research•6 CommentsWill No Direct Competition Help WWE Offset Declining Viewership?WWE• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:43 PM • Jeremy McKinzie•7 CommentseBay Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEBAY• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:01 PM • SA TranscriptsHome Depot: A Dividend Growth Stock With A 29% Increase This YearHD• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:29 PM • Ploutos Investing•14 CommentsDisney Is A Buy, But Not Because Of Spider-ManDIS• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:54 PM • Black Coral Research•10 CommentsAutoZone Is The Deal Of The CenturyAZO• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:27 PM • Bank On Insight•32 CommentsUnion Pacific Surprises AgainUNP• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:35 PM • Jonathan Weber•23 CommentsNetflix's Success Driven By What Drives Other Tech Giants' SuccessesNFLX• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:16 PM • Gary Bourgeault•19 CommentsDryShips: Don't EvenDRYS• Thu, Jul. 20, 12:32 PM • Daniel Jones•68 CommentsNetflix: Warning Flags FlyingNFLX• Thu, Jul. 20, 12:23 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•25 CommentsGet On Board These Rail StocksNSC, KSU, GWR• Thu, Jul. 20, 12:21 PM • Zacks Investment Research•2 CommentsScholastic Corporation 2017 Q4 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSCHL• Thu, Jul. 20, 11:19 AM • SA TranscriptsThe Sherwin-Williams Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSHW• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:57 AM • SA TranscriptsOmnicom Group Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesOMC• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:03 AM • SA TranscriptsRite Aid: Don't Be FooledRAD• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:55 AM • Kumquat Research•143 CommentsDryShips' All-Time High - $1.47 Billion A Share?DRYS• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:49 AM • Research & Investment•44 CommentsCSX Pullback After Second Quarter Earnings Is JustifiedCSX• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:16 AM • James Sands•8 CommentsUnion Pacific Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesUNP• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:10 AM • SA TranscriptsBurlington Stores Looks TemptingEditors' Pick • BURL• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:08 AM • Vince Martin•4 CommentsWhole Foods: No Point In HoldingWFM• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:05 AM • Growth And Value•10 CommentsC.H. Robinson Worldwide Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCHRW• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:25 AM • SA TranscriptsHyatt Is The Tom Brady Of Lodging, But It Is Still Just A HoldH• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:03 AM • Sam Lin, CFA•1 CommentHertz: A Revolutionary New Business Model With Self-Driving Cars?CAR, HTZ• Thu, Jul. 20, 7:47 AM • JD Henning•3 CommentsChipotle - A Risk/Reward Discussion Based On Relative ValuationCMG• Thu, Jul. 20, 7:40 AM • Kenra Investors•19 CommentsE-Sports Aren't Yet A Threat To The NBA And MLBBATRK, MSG, MSGN• Thu, Jul. 20, 6:26 AM • Strubel Investment ManagementPublicis Groupe S.A. ADR 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPUBGY• Thu, Jul. 20, 6:07 AM • SA TranscriptsUnited Airlines: Street Has OverreactedUAL• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:51 AM • D.M. Martins Research•8 CommentsMcDonald's Is A WinnerMCD• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:09 AM • L&F Capital Management•6 CommentsAmazon's Making It Tough To Be A Costco ShareholderCOST• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:42 AM • Matt Hogan•33 CommentsAbercrombie & Fitch: Will Buyback Be Resumed?ANF• Thu, Jul. 20, 12:14 AM • Anthony Breen•11 CommentsBuckle Is Not Going AnywhereBKE• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:26 PM • Aleksandar Vichev•5 CommentsCanadian Pacific Railway Limited 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCP• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:23 PM • SA TranscriptsUnited Continental Holdings, Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesUAL• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:10 PM • SA TranscriptsAvis Budget Group Shareholders Will Not Be RewardedCAR• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:48 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•18 CommentsCato Is An Easy Short, Even At 6x P/EEditors' Pick • CATO• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:32 PM • Vince Martin•6 CommentsRebutting The Chipotle BearsCMG• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:23 PM • Mike Berner•106 CommentsWhat To Look For From Sirius Next WeekSIRI• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:59 PM • Crunching Numbers•66 CommentsCeladon Group - A Changing NarrativeCGI• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:59 PM • Austin Lee•10 CommentsPaychex Provides A Dividend PaycheckPAYX• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:41 PM • PendragonY•59 CommentsSoaring Stocks In A High Flying IndustryDLAKY, LUV, AAL• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:11 PM • Zacks Investment ResearchHow Taco Bell Has Succeeded In The 'Dying' Fast Food IndustryYUM• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:39 PM • Michael Giolli•4 CommentsWill Whole Foods Help Pop Einhorn's Bubble Basket?WFM• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:38 PM • Joseph Harry•20 CommentsTeekay Corp. - J Mintzmyer's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • TK• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:21 PM • J Mintzmyer•56 CommentsChipotle - I'm Backing Up The TruckCMG• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:10 PM • Jonathan Abenaim•69 CommentseBay Earnings: A Look At Upcoming Expectations For The Second QuarterEBAY• Wed, Jul. 19, 12:03 PM • JJ KinahanInitiating Coverage Of Freshii With A '2' RatingFRHHF• Wed, Jul. 19, 11:58 AM • Dining Stocks Online123456...799Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Metso Corporation's (MXTOF) CEO Matti Kähkönen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MXTOF•
      Sat, Jul. 22, 12:08 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ingenico Group's (INGIF) CEO Philippe Lazare on Acquisition of Bambora & Q2 2017 Trading Update (Transcript)


INGIF•
      Fri, Jul. 21, 10:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Danske Bank's (DNSKF) CEO Thomas Borgen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DNSKF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cinedigm (CIDM) Cinedigm Bison Agreement Conference (Transcript)


CIDM•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Western Alliance Bancorporation's (WAL) CEO Robert Sarver on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WAL•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Mobile Mini's (MINI) CEO Erik Olsson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MINI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Givaudan's (GVDNY) CEO Gilles Andrier on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GVDNY•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




MB Financial's (MBFI) CEO Mitchell Feiger on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MBFI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cementos Pacasmayo's (CPAC) CEO Humberto Nadal on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPAC•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Sensient Technologies' (SXT) CEO Paul Manning on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SXT•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moody's (MCO) CEO Raymond McDaniel on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MCO•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Regions Financial's (RF) CEO Grayson Hall on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Accell Group (ACGPF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACGPF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Del Frisco's Restaurant Group's (DFRG) CEO Norman Abdallah on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DFRG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Volaris Aviation's (VLRS) CEO Enrique Beltranena on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VLRS•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Colgate-Palmolive's (CL) CEO Ian Cook on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CL•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



McClatchy's (MNI) CEO Craig Forman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MNI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:42 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Badger Meter's (BMI) CEO Rich Meeusen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BMI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




OFG Bancorp's (OFG) CEO Jose Rafael Fernandez on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OFG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




General Electric's (GE) CEO Jeff Immelt on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GE•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:24 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•11 Comments 



Husky's (HUSKF) CEO Rob Peabody on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HUSKF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:21 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Glacier Bancorp's (GBCI) CEO Randall Chesler on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GBCI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Honeywell International's (HON) CEO Darius Adamczyk on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HON•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



CoBiz Financial's (COBZ) CEO Steve Bangert on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


COBZ•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ameris Bancorp's (ABCB) CEO Edwin Hortman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ABCB•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:46 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Banco Latinoamericano De Comercio Exterior's (BLX) CEO Rubens Amaral On Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BLX•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:44 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Citizens Financial Group's (CFG) CEO Bruce Van Saun on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CFG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:31 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Kansas City Southern's (KSU) CEO Patrick Ottensmeyer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KSU•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Huntington Bancshares' (HBAN) CEO Steve Steinour on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HBAN•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  2:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Equity Bancshares' (EQBK) CEO Brad Elliott on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EQBK•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  2:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4430Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 



Robert Francis Moran - Phoenix, AZ | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Robert Francis Moran in Phoenix, AZ


Robert Francis Moran

                                                                           Intelius found that Robert Francis Moran  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Phoenix, AZ.  We have connected them to
                15 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Robert Francis Moran is in his 60s

Robert Has Lived In

Phoenix, AZ
Topeka, KS
Seattle, WA

Robert's Relatives

Lauren Moran
Anita Moran
Keely Moran
Erica Moran







Robert Francis Moran



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
President at Toys R US , Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Robert? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Robert, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Robert Francis Moran
Get a Criminal Check on Robert Francis Moran
Get a Public Record Report on Robert Francis Moran
Get a People Search Report on Robert Francis Moran


Robert Francis Moran's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Robert Francis Moran has lived as well as Robert Francis Moran's phone numbers and email addresses.




Robert Francis Moran Has Lived in 8 States
Arizona Address for Robert Francis Moran


19601 N 2*** A** 

Phoenix, AZ


Has Lived In

Phoenix, AZ
Topeka, KS


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Robert Francis Moran

(480) ***-**** - Phoenix, AZ 
(708) ***-**** - Naperville, IL 
(866) ***-**** - Chicago, IL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Robert Francis Moran



Get Email Report




Robert Francis Moran's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Robert Francis Moran's academic history.  Find out which schools Robert Francis Moran attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Robert Francis Moran received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Robert Francis Moran Has Attended 5 Schools
Ohio University Robert Francis Moran has a Degrees in Political Science and History               
University of Houston                                             
University of Delaware                              Robert Francis Moran has a Bachelor of Arts degree in Communications               
Villanova University                              Robert Francis Moran has a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance and Accounting               
 


Robert Francis Moran's Professional Information
Information regarding Robert Francis Moran's professional history.  Find out previous places Robert Francis Moran has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Robert Francis Moran Has Worked at 13 Places
Company: Toys R US , Inc.
               Title: President
Company: PetSmart , Inc.
               Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
Robert Francis Moran's Experience
Title: President
               Company: Toys R US , Inc.
Job Details
               Toys"R"Us, Inc. is the world's leading dedicated toy and baby products retailer, offering a differentiated shopping experience through its family of brands. Merchandise is sold in 875 Toys"R"Us and Babies"R"Us stores in the United States, Puerto Rico and Guam, and in more than 765 international stores and over 245 licensed stores in 37 countries and jurisdictions. With its strong portfolio of e-commerce sites including Toysrus.com and Babiesrus.com, the company provides shoppers with a broad online selection of distinctive toy and baby products. Toys"R"Us, Inc. is headquartered in Wayne, NJ, and has an annual workforce of approximately 62,000 employees worldwide. The company is committed to serving its communities as a caring and reputable neighbor through programs dedicated to keeping kids safe and helping them in times of need.
Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
               Company: PetSmart , Inc.
Job Details
               PetSmart, Inc. is the largest specialty pet retailer of services and solutions for the lifetime needs of pets. At PetSmart, we love pets, and we believe pets make us better people. Every day with every connection, PetSmart's passionate associates help bring pet parents closer to their pets so they can live more fulfilled lives. This vision impacts everything we do for our customers, the way we support our associates and how we give back to our communities. We employ approximately 53,000 associates, operate 1,500 pet stores in the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico and 203 in-store PetSmart PetsHotel dog and cat boarding facilities. PetSmart provides a broad range of competitively priced pet food and pet products and offers dog training, pet grooming, pet boarding, PetSmart Doggie Day Camp day care services and pet adoption services in-store. Our portfolio of digital resources for pet parents - including PetSmart.com, PetFoodDirect.com, Pet360.com and petMD.com - offers the most comprehensive online pet supplies and pet care information in the U.S. Through our in-store pet adoption partnership with independent nonprofit organizations, PetSmart Charities and PetSmart Charities of Canada, PetSmart helps to save the lives of more than 500,000 homeless pets each year.
Additional Professional Information on Robert Francis Moran

 See Robert Francis Moran's LinkedIn Profile



Robert Francis Moran's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Robert Francis Moran


Robert Francis Moran's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Robert Francis Moran's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Robert Moran
Username Matches

                  RobertMoran
                  MoranRobert
                  Robert.Moran
                  Moran.Robert
                  Robert_Moran
                  Moran_Robert
                  Robert-Moran
                  Moran-Robert
                  RMoran
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Moran







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











 


Robert Moran
 | LinkedIn
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Robert MoranRetired Building Products Executive.LocationDallas, TexasIndustryConsumer GoodsPreviousCongoleum Corporation, Building Industry Partners, Nautic Global GroupEducationUniversity of Pittsburgh - Joseph M. Katz Graduate School of Business252 connectionsView Robert’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Robert’s Full ProfileExperienceRetired CEOCongoleum CorporationFebruary 2012  –  November 2016 (4 years 10 months)Operating AdvisorBuilding Industry PartnersOctober 2011  –  March 2013 (1 year 6 months)Dallas/Fort Worth AreaBoard MemberNautic Global GroupJuly 2004  –  May 2012 (7 years 11 months)Elkhart, Indiana AreaCEO - PresidentNautic Global GroupJuly 2004  –  March 2011 (6 years 9 months)Fourth largest North American producer of aluminum and fiberglass boats from 15' to 42'.  "Boat for every Passion"President CEOEurodesign CabinetsMay 2003  –  August 2005 (2 years 4 months)Custom cabinet & millwork manufacturer for high end builders in the West Coast market.Board MemberBerkline LLC2000  –  2005 (5 years)CEO - PresidentZimmerman SignSeptember 2000  –  March 2003 (2 years 7 months)Developed Brand Imagines for Automotive, Food Services, & PetroleumCEO - PresidentOmega CabinetryAugust 1995  –  September 2000 (5 years 2 months)North American distribution of semi-custom cabinets for the Dealer & Home Center channelsSkillsProduct DevelopmentStrategic PlanningManufacturingMarketing StrategyNew Business DevelopmentSales ManagementSales OperationsSalesNegotiationProduct MarketingForecastingCross-functional Team LeadershipOperations ManagementTeam BuildingProduct ManagementSee 13+Supply Chain ManagementManagementBusiness StrategyChange ManagementSupply ChainBusiness PlanningProcess ImprovementAccount ManagementRetailLogisticsStrategyStart-upsPricingSee lessHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationUniversity of Pittsburgh - Joseph M. Katz Graduate School of BusinessMBA, Operations & FinanceMBA, Operations & Finance1979  –  1981Carnegie Mellon UniversityBS, Engineering, Business, & ArchitectureBS, Engineering, Business, & Architecture1972  –  1977Activities and Societies: Guidance Counselor, President Fraternity,GroupsNorth American Association of Floor Covering DistributorsRetail ObserverHeidrick & Struggles Int. Inc.Linkin CEOsBeyond InnovationThe professional chairman & board member groupView Robert’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Robert directlyView Robert’s Full ProfileNot the Robert you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishChinese (Simplified)People Also ViewedRobert F. Moran PhDChris O'ConnorCOO Congoleum CorporationMark KullingVP Operations- Congoleum CorporationGuru Ramanathankurt denmanChief Marketing Officer                                        Executive Vice President, SalesJeff HennionFormer EVP, Chief Marketing & e-Commerce Officer at GNC & Dick’s Sporting GoodsDan GarsonChief Operating Officer at BDPDave CooperSenior Manager of Information Technology at Congoleum CorporationDomenic DiCiccoPurchasing Manager at Congoleum CorporationJames MonyakVice President Congoleum CorporationPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Robert MoranFirst NameLast NameExample:  Robert MoranRobert P. MoranPartner, Brunswick Group (Head, Brunswick Insight)United StatesRobert T. MoranThe Moran Law Group, LLCUnited StatesRobert MoranCEO at Buckler Securities LLCUnited StatesROBERT MORANChief Compliance OfficerUnited StatesRobert MoranSales Executive Providing Strategic Applications for the World's Leading OrganizationsUnited StatesMore professionals named Robert MoranLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country





























Robert F. Moran - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Robert F. Moran
Interim Chief Executive Officer and Board Member at GNC Holdings, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Robert F. Moran? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert F. Moran's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert F. Moran's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert F. Moran's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert F. Moran through your network of contacts.
												








Robert F. Moran's Executive Work History


Current


Interim Chief Executive Officer and Board Member, 
GNC Holdings, Inc.


Board Member, 
Hanesbrands Inc.


Past
To view Robert F. Moran's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
66

 
 


Robert F. Moran's Biography



Robert F. Moran, 66, became one of our directors in June 2013 and our Interim Chief Executive Officer in July 2016. Mr. Moran most recently served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PetSmart, Inc., a leading specialty provider of pet products, services and solutions ("PetSmart"), from February 2009 to June 2013. Prior to being appointed Chairman, Mr. Moran was PetSmart's President and Chief Executive Officer from June 2009 to January 2012 and its President and Chief Operating Officer from December 2001 to June 2009. Before joining PetSmart in 1999, Mr. Moran was president of Toys "R" Us Canada. Mr. Moran served on the boards of direct ...
(Read More)

			Robert F. Moran, 66, became one of our directors in June 2013 and our Interim Chief Executive Officer in July 2016. Mr. Moran most recently served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PetSmart, Inc., a leading specialty provider of pet products, services and solutions ("PetSmart"), from February 2009 to June 2013. Prior to being appointed Chairman, Mr. Moran was PetSmart's President and Chief Executive Officer from June 2009 to January 2012 and its President and Chief Operating Officer from December 2001 to June 2009. Before joining PetSmart in 1999, Mr. Moran was president of Toys "R" Us Canada. Mr. Moran served on the boards of directors of Collective Brands, Inc. from March 2005 to October 2012 and of PetSmart from September 2009 to June 2013. He currently serves on the boards of directors of Hanesbrands, Inc., for which he chairs the audit committee, and the USA Track & Field Foundation. Mr. Moran's more than 40 years of executive leadership experience, both domestically and internationally, and extensive retail experience and expertise led to the conclusion that he should serve as a director on the Board.
		
Source: GNC Holdings, Inc. on 04/11/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert F. Moran's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Robert F. Moran. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert F. Moran's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert F. Moran's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert F. Moran through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Robert F. Moran


















Robert F. Moran's Connections (130)





Sign up now to view Robert F. Moran's 130 connections »









Bruce K. Thorn
President and Chief Operating Officer, Tailored Brands, Inc.









Philip L. Francis
Board Member, SUPERVALU Inc.









David K. Lenhardt
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, PetSmart, Inc.









Gregory P. Josefowicz
Board Member, United States Cellular Corporation









Jeffery W. Yabuki
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Fiserv, Inc.









Joseph S. Hardin
Former Lead Director, The WhiteWave Foods Company









Mylle H. Mangum
Board Member, Barnes Group Inc.









Ronald L. Nelson
Executive Chairman of the Board, Avis Budget Group, Inc.









Thomas D. O'Malley
Former Consultant, PBF Energy Inc.









Matthew E. Rubel
Board Member, Hudson's Bay Company








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Robert F Moran - Pittsburgh, PA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Robert F Moran in Pittsburgh, PA


Robert F Moran

                                                                           Intelius found that Robert F Moran  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Pittsburgh, PA.  We have connected them to
                3 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Robert F Moran is in his 70s

Robert Has Lived In

Pittsburgh, PA

Robert's Relatives

Rosemary Moran
Judith Moran







Robert F Moran



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Director at GNC Corporation



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Robert? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Robert, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Robert F Moran
Get a Criminal Check on Robert F Moran
Get a Public Record Report on Robert F Moran
Get a People Search Report on Robert F Moran


Robert F Moran's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Robert F Moran has lived as well as Robert F Moran's phone numbers and email addresses.




Robert F Moran Has Lived in 1 States
Pennsylvania Address for Robert F Moran


109 H******** D* 

Pittsburgh, PA


Has Lived In

Pittsburgh, PA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Robert F Moran

(412) ***-**** - Pittsburgh, PA 
(610) ***-**** - Pittsburgh, PA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Robert F Moran



Get Email Report




Robert F Moran's Professional Information
Information regarding Robert F Moran's professional history.  Find out previous places Robert F Moran has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Robert F Moran Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: GNC Corporation
               Title: Director
Robert F Moran's Experience
Title: Director
               Company: GNC Corporation
Job Details
               GNC Holdings, Inc., headquartered in Pittsburgh, PA, is a leading global specialty retailer of health and wellness products, including vitamins, minerals, and herbal supplement products, sports nutrition products and diet products, and trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "GNC." The Company - which is dedicated to helping consumers Live Well - has a diversified, multi-channel business model and derives revenue from product sales through company-owned retail stores, domestic and international franchise activities, third party contract manufacturing, e-commerce and corporate partnerships. GNC's broad and deep product mix, which is focused on premium, value-added nutritional products, is sold under GNC proprietary brands, including Mega Men®, Ultra Mega®, Total Lean™, Pro Performance®, Pro Performance® AMP, Beyond Raw®, and under nationally recognized third party brands. As of December 31, 2013, GNC has more than 8,500 locations, of which more than 6,300 retail locations are in the United States (including 1,012 franchise and 2,215 Rite Aid franchise store-within-a-store locations) and franchise operations in more than 50 countries (including distribution centers where retail sales are made).
Additional Professional Information on Robert F Moran

 See Robert F Moran's LinkedIn Profile



Robert F Moran's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Robert F Moran


Robert F Moran's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Robert F Moran's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Robert Moran
Username Matches

                  RobertMoran
                  MoranRobert
                  Robert.Moran
                  Moran.Robert
                  Robert_Moran
                  Moran_Robert
                  Robert-Moran
                  Moran-Robert
                  RMoran
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Moran







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











   Robert Moran | PetSmart , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com


Robert F Moran Wikipedia - Robert F Moran Net Worth













































 
 






























Top 100

Top List
Top 10 richest in US
Top 10 Richest Rappers
Top 10 Richest Royals
Top 10 Richest Teen Celebrities
Top 10 Richest Women


Athletes

Baseball
Boxers
Footballers
NBA
NFL
Soccer
Tennis
wrestlers
MMA
Race Car
Coaches


Businessmen

Billionaires
CEOs
Executives
Criminals
Designers
Wall Street
Producers
Lawyers
Companies


Celebrities

Actors
Authors
Producers
Comedians
Directors
Models
Rappers
Rock Stars
Politicians

Democrats
Presidents
Republicans
Royals
Sheiks


Singers


News

Celebrities Real Estate


Galleries
 











 












"robert f moran wikipedia"











 

Order: 9th
Office: President of the New York City Board of Aldermen
Term Start: January 1, 1919
Term End: December 31, 1920
Predecessor: Alfred E. Smith
Successor: Fiorello H. LaGuardia
Order 2: 3rd
Office 2: Bronx County Clerk
Term Start 2: January 1, 1920
Term End 2: December 31, 1929
Predecessor 2: Joseph Callahan
Successor 2: Lester Patterson
Office 3: Sheriff of Bronx County
Term Start 3: January 1, 1930
Term End 3: December 31, 1933
Predecessor 3: Lester W. Patterson
Successor 3: John J. Hanley
Office 4: Bronx Commissioner of Public Works
Term Start 4: January 1, 1934
Term End 4: May 9, 1942
Predecessor 4: William J. Flynn
Successor 4: Arthur V. Sheridan
Birth Date: 1884/10/03/mf
Birth Place: Manhattan, New York City, New York
Death Date: 1954/08/19/1884/10/93/mf
Death Place: The Bronx, New York
Party: Democratic Party (United States)
Spouse: Eileen Kelly
Religion: Roman Catholic




Robert F Moran Wikipedia
· In Businessmen 



Read more...







 Robert F MoranRobert F Moran Net Worth is 6.7 $Million. Robert Lawrence Moran (October 3, 1884 a?? August 19, 1954), was a Bronx politician who served as President of the Board of Alderman of New York City from 191. Robert Lawrence Moran (October 3, 1884 a?? August 19, 1954), was a Bronx polit...
Robert F Moran Net Worth is 6.7 $Million. Robert F Moran Net Worth is 6.7 $Million. Robert Lawrence Moran , was a Bronx politician who served as President of the Board of Alderman of New York City from 191 Robert Lawrence Moran , was a Bronx politician who served as President of the Board of Alderman of New York City from 1918 to 1920, filling a vacancy left by Alfred E. Smith after Smitha??s election as governor of New York. Nominated by the Democratic Party to succeed himself as board president, Moran faced Republican Representative Fiorello H. La Guardia in the election of 1919, losing by a plurality of 1,363 votes. Mr. Moran has the distinction of being the only citizen of The Bronx to ever exercise the authority of mayor of New York City, even though this honor came to him only in his capacity as acting mayor during Mayor Hylana??s absences from the city.Moran was born on October 3, 1884 in Manhattan on East Twenty-First Street. He was the second of six children born to Eugene  and Delia Moran  . His father, a native of Greenwich Village and for many years a sergeant in the New York Parks Police Departme...Read more about robert f moran wikipediaRobert F Moran Latest News




Revenue Growth Analysis of GNC Holdings Inc. (GNC)
Also, CEO Robert F. Moran bought 300,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, May 12th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $7.21 per share, for a total transaction of $108,150.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice ...
Posted: July 11, 2017, 9:38 pm




GNC Holdings Inc. Class A (GNC) Plunges 5.73% on July 21
GNC Holdings Inc. Class A is based out of Pittsburgh, PA and has some 16,800 employees. Its CEO is Robert F. Moran. GNC Holdings Inc. Class A is a component of the Russell 2000. The Russell 2000 is one of the leading indices tracking small-cap companies in ...
Posted: July 21, 2017, 3:00 pm




GNC Holdings (NYSE:GNC) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.15
Also, CEO Robert F. Moran bought 300,000 shares of GNC Holdings stock in a transaction on Friday, May 12th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $6.87 per share, for a total transaction of $250,068.00. Following the completion of the purchase ...
Posted: July 11, 2017, 11:47 pm




McConnell ends Senate's health bill bid
Jerry Moran of Kansas and Mike Lee of Utah joined two other senators ... Kelsey Snell and Abby Phillip of The Washington Post; by Thomas Kaplan and Robert Pear of The New York Times; by Carla K. Johnson, Andrew Taylor, Erica Werner, Jill Colvin and Steve ...
Posted: July 18, 2017, 1:44 am




The GNC Holdings (NYSE:GNC) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds
Also, CEO Robert F. Moran acquired 300,000 shares of the business's stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 12th. Following the acquisition, the executive vice president now owns 56,775 shares in the company, valued at $409,347.75. Class A ...
Posted: July 11, 2017, 9:35 pm



Related Topics: How Much Is Robert F Moran Earnings, How Much Is Robert F Moran Income, How Much Is Robert F Moran Net Worth, How Much Is Robert F Moran Salary, How Much Is Robert F Moran Worth, Robert F Moran, Robert F Moran Age, Robert F Moran Bio, Robert F Moran Biography, Robert F Moran Country, Robert F Moran Date Of Birth, Robert F Moran Earnings, Robert F Moran Email, Robert F Moran Ethnicity, Robert F Moran Gossips, Robert F Moran Height, Robert F Moran History, Robert F Moran Home Town, Robert F Moran Images, Robert F Moran Income, Robert F Moran Job, Robert F Moran Nationality, Robert F Moran Net Worth, Robert F Moran Networth, Robert F Moran News, Robert F Moran Partner, Robert F Moran Petsmart, Robert F Moran Petsmart Email, Robert F Moran Place Of Birth, Robert F Moran Rumors, Robert F Moran Salary, Robert F Moran Secrets, Robert F Moran Videos, Robert F Moran Villanova, Robert F Moran Weight, Robert F Moran Wiki, Robert F Moran Wikipedia, Who Is Robert F Moran, 






















 













 
Top 10 Richest in US
Top 10 Richest Rappers
Top 10 Richest Royals
Top 10 Richest Teens
Top 10 Richest Women
THE RICHESTS








 
















 

FeaturedLinda Evangelista Net WorthSara Fabel Net WorthMegan Fox Net WorthPenelope Cruz Net WorthSean Opry Net WorthSandra Otterson Net WorthRebecca Loos Net WorthMarc Andreessen Net WorthGisele Bundchen Net WorthPopular Posts


 






 




 











 
 
 








					Get Net Worth				



About us
Latest Posts
Top Players
Content Feedback Form
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact us


© 2013 GetNetWorth.com
Email: info@getnetworth.com
Articles by Erica David
GetNetWorth Facebook Page 











































GNC Holdings (GNC) Robert F. Moran on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»GNC Holdings (GNC) Robert F. Moran on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptJul.28.16 | About: GNC Holdings, (GNC) GNC Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:GNC)
Q2 2016 Earnings Call
July 28, 2016 8:30 am ET
Executives
Amy Greene - Vice President – Investor and Government Relations, GNC Holdings, Inc.
Robert F. Moran - Interim CEO
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Sean Stephen Kras - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Shane Higgins - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Mark Gregory Wiltamuth - Jefferies LLC
Peter S. Benedict - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
John Brick - Stephens, Inc.
Philip Terpolilli - Wedbush Securities, Inc.
Tim Cusack - Raymond James Financial Services, Inc.
Sean P. Naughton - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)
Damian Andrew Witkowski - G.research LLC
Curtis S. Nagle - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator
Good day, and welcome to the GNC Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Amy Greene. Please go ahead.
Amy Greene - Vice President – Investor and Government Relations, GNC Holdings, Inc.
Good morning, and welcome to the GNC's second quarter 2016 earnings call. This morning, we released our second quarter financial results and announced the appointment of Bob Moran as Interim CEO. Both releases are available on our website.
With me today is Bob Moran, Interim CEO; and Tricia Tolivar, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following our prepared remarks, we will be available to take your questions. After I read the disclaimer, Bob will touch on the quarter and discuss his key areas of focus in his new role, Tricia will then review financials. Now, for the disclaimer.
This conference call contains forward-looking statements, which include information concerning our future results, trends and other information that is not historical information. All forward-looking statements included on this call are based on information available to us on the date of this call, current expectations and various assumptions. We believe there is a reasonable basis for our expectations and assumptions, but they are inherently uncertain and may not prove correct.
We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained throughout this call. For a list of important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements on this call, please refer to our public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our earnings release this morning.
I will now turn the call to Bob.
Robert F. Moran - Interim CEO
Thanks Amy. Good morning and thank you for joining us. By now you've had a chance to see the releases we issued earlier, announcing our second quarter results, as well as our decision to make a leadership change.
On today's call I'll start by giving you a bit of context around the board's decision to make a leadership change and after that, I will briefly recap our results for the quarter as well as what I am focused on, as we work to deliver improved performance. Tricia will then take you through the results in more detail, and we will be happy to take your questions at the end.
Let me start by saying that GNC is a leader in our industry and I remain confident in the business and our ability to get back on track. We clearly have a lot of work to do, but we are fortunate to have a talented team in place along with a loyal customer base and we are committed to delivering improved results. We need to move with urgency to change the trajectory of the business, as we work to enhance our operations and maximize our potential going forward.

We appreciate Mike's contributions over the last couple of years, but the board determined change is needed. I'm honored that the board selected me to serve as Interim CEO and I assure you, I am committed to delivering improved shareholder value. Having served as a member of the GNC Board of Directors since 2013, I understand the company and its potential and I have the confidence in our ability to revitalize the business.
As we work towards that goal, we will remain committed to pursuing the comprehensive review of strategic and financial alternatives, as we announced earlier this year. In my new role, I will continue to work closely with the board on that important effort as we continue to focus on driving improvements on how we operate with a clear objective of increasing value for shareholders.
So let me now shift gears and turn to our results for the second quarter. Quite simply, our results were not acceptable. At a high level, the 3.7% decline in same-store sales reflect softness in our vitamins and food and drink categories and lower traffic, particularly in our mall locations. In the coming weeks and months, I will immerge myself in the details of the business and we will evaluate all aspects of it.
Together with the team here at GNC, I will be looking for those critical areas that we need to address in order to meaningfully impact the business in the shortest period of time. We will conduct a frank and honest assessment of the business, what's working and what's not. And we will move quickly and deliberately to make the changes and adjustments to alter the trajectory of the business and drive better, more consistent results.
At the core, our efforts will be centered around delivering for our customers and driving traffic across the company-owned stores, franchises and online. There are no magic bullets or overnight solutions, but based on my experience in turning around other retail operations and my knowledge of GNC, I am confident we can and will deliver improved performance. When we convene again to discuss our third-quarter results, I'll look forward to providing you with insights based on my assessment of the business, as well as an initial overview of the actions we intend to take. We are cleared eyed about the fact that changing the trajectory of the business will not happen overnight, but we are committed to moving with urgency.
That said, we also need to take appropriate actions that will enable us to meet our objectives. As we conduct this evaluation and develop an appropriate action plan to improve our results, we believe that it is prudent to temporarily suspend our guidance for 2016. This decision in no way diminishes our commitment to moving quickly to enhance performance nor does it reflect the lack of confidence in our long-term prospects. I simply want to take time to assess the situation before I commit the guidance.
Let me wrap up by saying that the board and I believe in GNC, its financial strength and most of all its people. I look forward to engaging with all of you as well as the entire GNC community as we work to revitalize the business, continue our review of strategic and financial alternatives, and above all, deliver value to our customers, franchisees, suppliers, employees, and most importantly our shareholders.
With that I'll turn it over to Tricia.
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Thank you, Bob, and good morning everyone. Before addressing this quarter's results, I want to briefly remind you about updates we have made to our reporting segments. In order to better align our financial reporting structure with how we view our business, beginning in the second quarter we've changed our reportable operating segments from Retail, Franchise and Manufacturing/Wholesale to U.S. & Canada, International and Manufacturing/Wholesale. As part of this change, we allocated warehousing and distribution costs as appropriate to our reportable segments.

In our second quarter 2016 Form 10-Q that will be filed later today, we provide you the first quarter as well as the previous two years by quarter of reported amounts recast into the new segments.
As we discussed last quarter, the new reportable segments better align with our new organizational structure and how we analyze our performance and allocate resources. We believe that these segments along with supplemental metrics will provide better transparency into our business and progress on our refranchising initiatives as we increase the proportion of domestic stores at our franchise locations throughout 2016 and beyond.
Now to the consolidated results. Our second quarter consolidated revenue decreased 2.4% to $673 million compared to the prior year quarter. Revenue decreased by 2% in our U.S. & Canada segment and 2.5% in our International segment. Revenue in our Manufacturing/Wholesale segment, excluding intersegment sales increased 5.3%. In addition, the fourth quarter sale of our Discount Supplements business resulted in a decrease of $6.6 million of revenue in second quarter of 2016.
As Bob noted at the outset, second quarter same-store sales decreased 3.7% in domestic company-owned stores, including GNC.com sales. Softness in our food business in Vitapaks had more than a 3% negative impact on our year-over-year comparisons and we will not cycle in this softness until early 2017.
While we had negative comparisons across all real estate types, continued declines in mall traffic, which while not unique to GNC, had a negative impact on year-over-year comparisons and worsened over the course of the quarter and into July. A significant percent of our sales happen in our mall locations, while 30% of our overall company-owned store base are in malls, those stores account for 35% of sales as they tend to generate higher revenue compared to our strip centers.
Same-store sales at our strip center locations were down 0.4% for the quarter. And while our Vitamin and Vitapak categories saw sequential improvements in the quarter, there is still work to do as their negative impact weighs on our overall revenue. We were pleased to see continued strength in our performance supplements and our health and beauty categories.
In domestic franchise locations, same-store sales decreased 6.6% in the second quarter of 2016. Our franchisees are not fully participating in all corporate permissions (9:33) and have not fully adopted our expanded assortment initiative which drove a 4% improvement in comps in company-owned stores that received the assortment in 2015. Our analysis shows that franchisees that have adopted both the expanded assortment and all-store BOGO strategies see a significant increase in both our same-store sales as well as margins compared to those that do not participate.
As we indicated last quarter, this analysis was a central feature at our recent annual franchise convention. Early indications post convention are that we are seeing additional adoption of these initiatives. And clearly we will work to continue to work closely with all of our franchisees in this area.
Domestic system-wide sales, as previously defined, were $585.5 million in the current quarter as compared with $606.7 million in the prior year quarter. Second quarter gross profit rate decreased 1.7% and was 35.5% of revenue. Gross profit is calculated after deducting product, warehousing, distribution and occupancy costs.
The second quarter 2016 decrease in gross profit dollars and gross profit rate was a result of lower sales, lower product margins in our GNC.com business and deleverage of occupancy costs as a result of the negative same-store sales. More than one-third of the gross profit rate decline can be attributed to deleverage.

Looking at domestic retail product margin in the quarter, we saw a sequential improvement of 130 basis points due largely to less sales of expiring product and a subsequent improvement in sales mix. On a year-over-year basis, domestic retail product margin rate declined 10 basis points.
Second quarter 2016 consolidated SG&A expenses decreased $1.1 million to $139 million, or 20.6% of revenue compared with 20.3% of revenue for the same period last year, largely driven by a reduction in incentive accruals.
Second quarter 2016 operating income was $116.2 million, or 17.3% of revenue as compared with 17.1% in the second quarter of 2015. Excluding $16.9 million in gains on refranchising, operating income was $99.3 million, or 14.8% of revenue. As we've mentioned in the past, it's important to note that operating income margin is negatively impacted when domestic retail same-store sales are below 2%.
Reported earnings per share were $0.94, compared with $0.79 in the prior year quarter, but, again excluding the gain from franchise conversions and certain prior period expenses adjusted earnings per share for the second quarter of 2016 were $0.79 compared to adjusted EPS of $0.77 in the prior year.
Now for information by segment. First, to our U.S. & Canada segment, revenue which includes all domestic company-owned and franchise stores, e-commerce and Canada decreased $11.7 million, or 2% to $571 million in second quarter 2016 compared with $583 million in the prior year quarter, primarily due to negative domestic retail same-store sales of 3.7% and negative franchise same-store sales of 6.6%.
Weakness in the food and protein categories, as well as continued softness in Vitamins and Vitapaks, coupled with softer than expected traffic trends, negatively impacted the quarter. Our strip center location comps continued to outperform all locations and were basically flat for the quarter.
Domestic franchise revenue decreased $1.9 million to $86.5 million in the current quarter due to lower wholesale sales and royalties as an overall decline more than offset the earlier timing of our annual franchise convention, which resulted in $6.3 million of higher sales in the current quarter compared to the prior year quarter.
Operating income decreased 0.9% to $105 million for the second quarter of 2016 compared with $106 million for the same period in 2015. Operating income as a percentage of segment revenue was 18.3% in the current quarter compared with 18.1% in the prior year quarter.
Excluding refranchising gains of $16.9 million and $1.1 million, operating income was $88 million in the second quarter of 2016 compared to $104 million in the prior year period, or 15.4% of sales versus 17.9% of sales, respectively.
As expected, during the second quarter, we saw significant sequential improvement of 130 basis points in retail product margin rate, as the levels of expiring product normalized.
Additionally, despite the inclusion of two all-store BOGOs in the quarter and none in the prior year, domestic retail product margin rate was only 10 basis points below the prior-year quarter. The remaining decline in operating margins in this segment was attributed to expense deleverage of fixed cost and lower product margin rate in our GNC.com business.
Second, to our International segment. Revenues in our International segment decreased 2.5% to $43 million in the current quarter compared with $44 million in the prior-year quarter. The decline was primarily due to challenges in Mexico, Chile and Turkey.
The currency devaluation in Mexico adversely impacted consumer demand. So we are actively working with our vendors and franchisees to making sure we have more differentiated and exclusive products for our marketplace.
Turkey has been challenging for us in the market for several periods. We have identified a new partner in the market and are working diligently to get this market back on track. We continue to believe that international markets hold a tremendous potential for GNC and are working to ensure that we are able to capitalize on the opportunities.

Operating income decreased 13% to $14 million for the second quarter of 2016, compared with $16 million in the prior year quarter. Operating income was 31.7% of segment revenue in the current quarter, compared with 35.5% in the prior year quarter.
The decrease in operating income percentage was primarily due to a bad debt allowance associated with a franchisee recorded in the current quarter along with a comparative effect of the reversal of a previously established bad debt allowance with a franchisee in the prior year quarter. Also, foreign currency translation had a negative $0.4 million impact in the quarter.
Third, to our Manufacturing and Wholesale segment. Revenues in our Manufacturing and Wholesale segment excluding intersegment sales increased by 5.3%, to $59 million for the second quarter of 2016 compared with $56 million in the prior year quarter.
Operating income decreased 15% to $18 million for the second quarter of 2016 compared with $21 million in the prior year quarter. The decrease in operating income was due to lesser sales of GNC branded products in the quarter.
Next, to our balance sheet and cash flow. Thus far, in 2016, we have generated $131 million in net cash from operating activities, which has been negatively impacted by the lesser than anticipated net income and higher inventory levels built as a result of prior expectations of higher sales. Inventory levels in the period were higher in the quarter around several key and planned events. The transition to a new analytic systems more accurately manage store replenishment which is driving better in-stock levels, new product launches and the implementation of expanded assortment and additional stores.
Year-to-date we have invested $20.8 million in capital expenditures primarily for strategic initiatives, IT infrastructure, store development as well as maintenance. Year-to-date, we generated $111 million in free cash flow which we define as cash provided by operating activities, less cash used in investing activities, excluding acquisitions.
Year-to-date we paid $28 million in cash dividends on our common stock and repurchased $28 million of stock in April, bringing the year-to-date repurchased amount to $229.2 million. As of June 30, 2016 we had a cash balance of $48 million and long-term debt of $1.59 billion. During the first quarter we extended the maturity date of our revolving credit facility from March 2017 to September 2018 and we increased the amount available from $130 million to $300 million.
We ended the second quarter with availability of $109 million on our revolving credit facility. While we have increased our revolver borrowings and capacity, we remain committed to managing our leverage to maintain our existing credit rating.
That completes the financial update and at this point we'd like to open it up for questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. And we will take our first question from Chris Horvers with JPMorgan.
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Hey Chris.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Thanks. Good morning. Hey, Bob, how are you doing?
Robert F. Moran - Interim CEO
Pretty good, Chris. How are you doing?
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Doing good. Couple of questions and obviously tough questions, given what's gone on here so. First question is, there's a line in the release that suggests execution is a problem and not for say the strategy, is that what we're supposed to interpret here or are all the options on the table from promotional strategy to the ultimate percentage of stores that might go franchise and the latter Mike had targeted, about 50% over time?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President

I think it's a combination of things. Clearly, we are working with Bob to create an effective strategy that will over time enable us to reverse our recent trends and change the trajectory of the business. So during that evaluation, we will be looking at all aspects of it and making appropriate changes to do just that. Certainly, as part of our strategic assessment that is still ongoing, we're looking at all options, including franchising as well as other options that face us right now.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Understood and so that's a good segue, so I want to get inside the board's head on the CEO change. In the past two years, it appears the board has pushed out two CEOs, Joe was here over 20 years and Mike has only been here two years. At the same time, you have a strategic review ongoing. Are you starting an external search immediately? How do you think about the company's ability to attract talent as affected by the events of the past two years and the ongoing review? Are you, Bob, a potential full-time candidate or should we look at this as the company is really committed to really an ownership change here given from my perspective it's going to be tough getting someone new in with the ongoing strategic review and the events of the past two years?
Robert F. Moran - Interim CEO
Hey, Chris. I think it's too premature to actually address that issue right now. Our focus is really working on the critical items that will reverse the trends and the financial performance. The way I'm looking at it is, we have to have a healthy disrespect for the status quo, because the status quo is yielding 3.7% negative comps and we have to reverse those trends. We need more footsteps. We need more transactions and we'll go circle the wagons to look at everything that we're doing to enhance the customer experience, but also customer traffic. So I think it's too early in the game right now to talk about that. And I think you know me, Chris, I will do whatever it takes, so.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC
So would you consider taking this job as a fulltime role?
Robert F. Moran - Interim CEO
I think it's too premature to even address that right now.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Okay. Fair enough. Thanks very much.
Operator
Our next participant is Sean Kras at Barclays.
Sean Stephen Kras - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So, Bob, you obviously have experienced achieving success in a highly competitive industry at PetSmart. Is there any color you can give strategically and have some of the changes you used there could be used at GNC to turn things around?
Robert F. Moran - Interim CEO
Well, I think the key is – and in today retailing, you have to have a unique proposition that you can market and be not a same old type of proposition. So I think if you look at the GNC brand, the uniqueness of products, the customer experience, the innovation and I think we have an opportunity to really get the value message out. I think there's a number of things that we can address. I think there's also things within the store experience that we can enhance to kind of evolve and become a true specialty store and be a trusted advisor in our business.
So, I think there's a number of things that could be applicable. But, at the same time, you know, retailing is retailing it's about giving the customer what they're looking for. And if you do that in a unique way you can really build a very effective communication and marketing plan around it. So the key is, more customers, more transactions, more footsteps in the door.
Sean Stephen Kras - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Yeah. Thanks for that. And my follow-up is another company recently discussed the study that showed that to capture about a quarter of the most loyal customers, and if the remaining spend of them was going really to mass and online. So it seemed like there was an opportunity, but at the time it's also a sort of data point that suggests that the customers may be somewhat of a cherry picker. So, I guess based on that I guess one, do you agree with this assessment? And secondly, what can you do about it?

Robert F. Moran - Interim CEO
There's no question that if we actually look at the industry, and especially over the last couple of years, almost everyone, be it mass, supermarket, the drugstores have expanded their presentation of our product.
So again, going back to uniqueness, what can we offer? And I think we have a tremendous foundation of not only of our people but our brand, our unique products, our knowledge of the industry that I think we can build a unique proposition that others cannot do.
And, I mean, if I can go back to my PetSmart days, being a trusted advisor for something that's critical to lifestyles, be it pets or be it vitamins or supplements, having a conversation is critically important. You can't do that in a drugstore, you can't do that in a supermarket, you can't do that mass. And when you get – become a trusted advisor, you start really building a foundation that you can become very unique in that world.
So, as I say, we're going to have a healthy disrespect for the status quo and we're going to challenge everything we do to see what we need to do to satisfy the customer's wants and needs.
Sean Stephen Kras - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Got it. I will get back in queue. Thanks.
Operator
We will now hear from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley.
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Good morning, Simeon.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Thanks. Good morning. Hey, a question for Bob. I think, you know, the idea of driving transactions and traffic in the store, that's been a focus at least in prior management and prior management before that. And there's been an argument that GNC has been too dependent on promotions in the past, and you know I think from the strategy that we understood, Mike, tried to adjust that and a lot of the points of that strategy seemed reasonable, but very difficult given a business that again was very used to being put on promotion on and off. And so just curious from your experience, I wanted – did the board disagree with this promotional approach at all in this regime or in the previous one, and then how fixable is it? And did you ever consider moving towards a lower pricing structure so that you can reduce the dependency on some of these promotions?
Robert F. Moran - Interim CEO
Well, with 120 minutes under my belt of experience inside the CEO role, as I say, if I go back to the board. The board dissatisfaction was with the overall financial performance, and again demonstrating negative comps over course of a couple quarters is not the direction we want to be in, so nothing sacred. We'll be looking at our promotional activity, we'll be looking at the Gold Card, we're going to look at ways that we can communicate with the customer and what we need is new customers and we need to have more share of wallet of our loyal customers and there's going to be a total focus on that.
So I can't address the promotional strategy at this point in time, because I don't think that by itself is – was the issue, it was more the overall trends, trajectory of the business, and we need to reverse those trends and that's why we're here to sort of challenge everything. So, yes, that will be challenged, and we'll be looking at that. But you just – I mean, unfortunately BOGO has become like crack cocaine. You have to – you really have to address that, build a value proposition for the customer, and I don't think you do that totally through BOGOs month-in, month-out.
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
And there's no magic bullet.
Robert F. Moran - Interim CEO
Yeah, exactly.
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
The board has confidence in our business, the strength of the brand, and the franchise model, as well as the long-term prospects for GNC.

Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
And the financial guidance was suspended, but the press release indicates that you're on track with your refranchising goals. So we take that to interpret that that the board is committed to that strategy. Is that a reasonable assumption?
Robert F. Moran - Interim CEO
That is correct.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
And just to sneak one last one, and Tricia, because I don't – I didn't see a streaming transcript, I didn't know if I heard it right. But did you say the non-strip stores or the strip stores were doing negative 0.4%?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
I did.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Okay. And then the comment in the press release, where you talked about traffic, unexpected decline, was that implying that there was positive traffic or just less negative traffic for the overall business during the quarter, and then it just fell off at the end?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
We saw sequential declines in traffic during the quarter and they continued into July.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Okay. Thanks.
Operator
Our next question comes from Stephen Tanal with Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions.
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Good morning.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co.
I guess, for starters, as we sort of think about the domestic franchisee performance. You know, the comp number obviously is quite a bit softer than company-owned, and it seems like there are some good reasons for that. But how is that translating into the refranchising strategy as you have those conversations with maybe existing franchisees, and potentially new ones as well, what are you seeing there?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
So when you look at our refranchising strategy it's largely around our strip center locations, so while we're seeing some declines in traffic we're certainly not experiencing the negative same-store sales trends that our franchisees are. And that's largely due to the delayed adoption of our initiative of expanded assortment and the all store BOGO.
So we're still experiencing interest, we closed our transaction with a significant 84 stores in the second quarter, and we have over 200 stores under negotiation currently.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co.
That's good to hear. Now on the mall stores, forgive me if I missed it, but have you guys at this point come to a decision vis-à-vis maybe closing some of those as the leases come due or how are you thinking about those locations?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
I'll first start with our mall stores, more than 95% of them are achieving results above our cost of capital. So they're generating very strong returns, but we're seeing declining trends there. So we're being very mindful of expiring leases. The opportunity to negotiate, renegotiate rents, shorten the lease terms, and be prudent and thoughtful on how we expand or continue in those locations.
But we're not – from an overall mall perspective, we're getting good results, and evaluating this is just part of our normal course of business.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Got it. And if I could just ask a bigger picture one, as you're looking at the comps and maybe it's not the promotional strategy, I think, Bob has said as much, and we've been tracking that and it looks like you've been promotional – what would you say is the approximate cause of these comp decline, and if it's increased competition is it mass channel, and how do you think about, you know that – what that means for the forward strategy, is there potentially a discussion about bringing the GNC brand to mass in a bigger way potentially or how are you guys thinking about all of that?

Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Yeah. So as Bob mentioned earlier, we are seeing shifts to mass and online. Vitamins tend to be commoditized and we are seeing increasing SKU offerings outside of GNC, and so what we're focused on is differentiating that experience, as Bob mentioned. So creating exclusive product in our stores, a differentiated customer experience, and getting that traffic back into and across the lead signs (31:43) into GNC. So everything is under evaluation as Bob said, and we'll do what we can to quickly change the trajectory of our results and reverse the current trends.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co.
All right. Thank you very much.
Operator
We will now hear from Shane Higgins with Deutsche Bank.
Shane Higgins - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Yeah, good morning, and thanks for taking the questions. Just wanted to ask some questions on GNC.com, I know traffic was down quite a bit in the first quarter. Did you guys see any sequential improvement there and what steps are you taking to drive that business?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
We are continuing to see traffic declines on GNC.com. That GNC.com evaluation is part of this ongoing process. But keep in mind, we view GNC as the closest instantiation of the customer experience for us in the stores. So we certainly don't want to use GNC.com to compete with Amazon. We're not on the same parity from a results expectation and competing on price like that is certainly a race to the bottom.
So we have to be certain that GNC.com is supporting our store activities for both our company-owned and our franchise locations and that will be a center of focus for us as well.
Shane Higgins - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Okay. Did you see any significant – I mean, well, first of all, what was the impact on the comp for the quarter?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
We haven't disclosed and we historically don't disclose the impact on comp, but it was negative.
Shane Higgins - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Okay. And did you see anything that changed really sequentially, I mean, obviously competition is pretty intense and you don't want to race to the bottom, but at the same time, the business has been shrinking I believe faster. You know what steps are you taking there to change in marketing, or maybe reach out toward – to your Gold Card members to kind of get some traction in that business?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
So there is – so our GNC.com business is fairly diverse, so there's impacts from international bulk purchases, as well as the B2C customers. It's not all domestic, and so the international influence is playing a role as well and we just need to be thoughtful about that strategy going forward.
Shane Higgins - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Okay, great. And just one last question on the corporate expenses, they were down about 15% year-over-year. Is there – just color as to what led to the improvement? I know, you mentioned incentive comp, was there anything else in there?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
It's largely incentive comp reversals.
Shane Higgins - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Got it. All right. Thanks.
Operator
Our next participant is Mark Wiltamuth with Jefferies.
Mark Gregory Wiltamuth - Jefferies LLC
Hi. Thank you. I wonder if you can give us some feedback on what the franchisees were saying coming out of convention, like what are their primary concerns, because clearly they are not adopting all of your programs like why are they holding back? And then also want a little more color on the Vitapaks, I mean this has been a flagship product in the past, are you just not providing it enough promotional support, or is there a lack of product innovation there? What do you think is going on in the Vitapaks?

Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
I'll start with your first question around the franchise convention. While we're not fully adopt – while franchisees have not fully adopted our initiatives, more than 50% of them have now included expanded assortment in their offerings, and a lot of that took place during the franchise convention, which was at the end of June. So it takes some time to get the product to the stores and see the results and the lift.
And once we do have the product, the lifts are quite immediate, so we're optimistic about that impact going forward. It is a significant capital investment, and when there are declines in traffic that makes it challenging to come up with capital for a large number of our franchisees. So focusing on traffic trends and changing that trajectory will help adoption in those areas.
We continue to offer incentives; extended dating as well as reminding franchisees that there is the opportunity to return the product after a year, so that if the product doesn't sell. And so, well – again, we'll work with our franchisees that are critical to us and make sure that we can create a compelling argument for them, but clearly driving traffic is a major focus.
With Vitapaks, we certainly see, and you're right, Vitapaks are a great asset for us. They are very convenient, cost-effective and fairly unique in the marketplace. So when we focus on Vitapaks, we are seeing lifts. There is just a lot of SKUs. I mean, we need to make sure that we're making the choices simple for our customers. Certainly don't think that we're over inventoried, but we want to make the decision-making process a little bit easier.
So we'll continue to reinforce in the field training, communication, marketing activities to highlight the advantages of Vitapaks to continue to change that trajectory, and turn it into a positive result instead of a negative.
Mark Gregory Wiltamuth - Jefferies LLC
So it sounds like, you may have too many SKUs there, is that that what we're hearing there?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Like I said, we don't feel like we're over inventoried, just lots of choices and we want to streamline that a little bit.
Mark Gregory Wiltamuth - Jefferies LLC
Okay. Thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from Peter Benedict with Robert Baird.
Peter S. Benedict - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Hey, guys, thanks for taking the question, and Bob, nice to hear your voice again.
Robert F. Moran - Interim CEO
Thanks Peter.
Peter S. Benedict - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
I guess, my first question, just around – how did the economics of selling 84 stores to one franchisee differ from selling 1 store to 2 stores if at all?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
There's not a significant difference between selling 84 stores versus one store or two stores. And certainly in selling with that one entity with 84 locations, it creates an opportunity for us to make – create more efficient systems and benefits that not only will the new franchisee benefit from, but other franchisees will as well, for example, I'm creating more efficient inventory ordering systems and other opportunities.
So, we'll just continue to get better and better in the franchise business, because it's critical that we serve our franchisees because they are a critical component to our future success and strategy, and we'll continue to make those enhancements.
Peter S. Benedict - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Okay. Thanks. And then just back to the pricing environment and some of the strategies, you guys have been looking at, and I'm curious, if you – I think, you guys are testing in three markets some new pricing dynamics. Can you give us an update on how that's going, is that something that's going to continue, or are you guys changing course on that?

Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
No, we're not changing course, Pete, so we are continuing the test. So, pricing as we've talked about is a very sensitive subject and certainly one that we don't want to quickly make rash decisions that could have a significant negative impact.
So, our customers on average come four times a year. We've implemented KVI pricing in a handful of markets and we've expanded that now to see and test where we have the opportunity to do what we call harvest pricing. So, there's some items where we're underpriced, and we think the balance of the two will create the optimal pricing mix to bring more traffic into the stores more often and have margin neutral impact.
So, those tests are still underway, and it will take a number of months to read the results appropriately before we launch likely in 2017.
Peter S. Benedict - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Okay, great. And then just last one just around the loyal customer base. Can you give us a little update on just your Gold Card initiatives that you've got underway right now, what are you seeing, how many card holders you guys have? Just kind of what trends are you seeing at this – with the spending within that group of customers as opposed to the non-Gold Card members? Thank you.
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
So, we currently have 6.1 million Gold Card customers, we're finding that our loyal Gold Card customers are coming more often and spending more, which is a good thing. So, our direct marketing campaigns are working effectively with our existing customer base.
We do have in test a number of different loyalty programs. As you know, we've talked about our Gold Card is likely a pay to play program, and what we see an opportunity to do is enhance it to create a loyalty program to attract new customer as well as expand the share of wallet with our existing customers. Those tests have just started, so it's too early to read or share any information, and again going back to traffic trends or customer behavior, we want to read it over time so that's likely a 2017 launch as well.
Peter S. Benedict - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Okay. Thanks so much, guys.
Operator
We will now hear from Joe Edelstein with Stephens, Inc.
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Morning, Joe.
John Brick - Stephens, Inc.
Hey, it's actually John on for Joe. Good morning.
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Hey, John.
John Brick - Stephens, Inc.
Most of our questions have been touched on, but I would like to come back to the corporate costs here. If you guys do have long-term franchising goal, where do you see this corporate cost structure coming in at? So we're like $98 million fiscal 2015. Does that number look more like a $75 million or even lower, given that most of the franchises will take the cost on?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
We actually are not forecasting a change in our overall SG&A as we shift to a more franchise operation. But we still think it's important to provide support in the field for the franchisees and it's our commitment to restructure our field personnel but not reduce the overall cost. So none of our models or expectations are anticipating a significant change in SG&A as a result.
John Brick - Stephens, Inc.
Okay. And then I guess to the operating margin line then, where do you guys forecast that going to? So we've been running at 17%, 18% in the U.S. and Canada segment here. Do you think that number can get up in the 20%s, 25% or maybe even to this international revenues line of about 35%?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President

We typically don't share information going forward on what we expect. What I can tell you is with negative same-store sale, there is significant deleverage so that will have pressure on operating margins if the trajectory doesn't change. So I believe we mentioned on the call comps of 2%. We see leverage. So be thoughtful of that as we model going forward with expectations.
John Brick - Stephens, Inc.
Yes, okay, and then lastly just can you give us any color on how international is doing? It seems to be performing well, high-margins, but any growth rate expectations or just anything you can give us would be helpful. Thanks.
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Sure. So, as we said on the call, we still believe there are opportunities in international. We're continuing to invest there, being very thoughtful about the countries in which we enter and the partners with which we do business with, so that we're achieving growth and opportunities in the right places, so we're not dealing with franchisees that are not stable and able to sustain. So more opportunities to come, and as we can, we'll share more details going forward.
John Brick - Stephens, Inc.
Thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from Phil Terpolilli with Wedbush Securities.
Philip Terpolilli - Wedbush Securities, Inc.
Yes, good morning.
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Good morning.
Philip Terpolilli - Wedbush Securities, Inc.
Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask bigger picture, in addition to the international opportunities you mentioned. I think when we look back at GNC, extended the brand into other retailers, whether that's Rite Aid, PetSmart, et cetera, and seems to have not been as big of a focus the last couple years, but is that an opportunity that you see?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
As we said, we're currently evaluating all options and we'll be focused on reversing trends and doing what we can in critical areas to change the trajectory in the near-term. Not saying there aren't opportunities there, but certainly there's an opportunity to focus on traffic in the business and move forward. Keep in mind that our agreement with Rite Aid today prohibits us from expanding with other competitors. So there are some restrictions in our contracts that would prevent us from expanding significantly in certain areas.
Philip Terpolilli - Wedbush Securities, Inc.
Okay. That's helpful. And then one more follow up if I could. Where do we stand right now on improving assortment? It's something we've been talking about for a bit and I apologize if I missed this earlier. Is the sales lift you experienced this quarter from assortment, was it similar to what we've seen the last couple quarters?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
It is, and we didn't share it. It's actually better than it's been. So the investments we're making in the exclusive products and the new inventory, we are seeing positive results from that and that I expect will be part of our strategy going forward to help differentiate us from mass and others in the marketplace.
Philip Terpolilli - Wedbush Securities, Inc.
Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator
Our next participant is Tim Cusack with Raymond James Financial.
Tim Cusack - Raymond James Financial Services, Inc.
This question is directed to Bob Moran. Can you shed any light at all on your ongoing strategic review and particularly with respect to its timetable? And whether the Bloomberg reports citing several Asian buyers are accurate?
Robert F. Moran - Interim CEO
I think, right now the two missions that I'm focusing on, one is continuing of a strategic and financial alternative review, and we're not at a point that we can even comment on where we are at this point in time. Other than saying that that's one of my focuses, the other one is obviously changing the trajectory of the financial performance, and I think they go hand-in-hand, so more to come. And as I said earlier, as I get towards the third quarter, I want to give you initial assessments of what's going on in all areas of the business.

Tim Cusack - Raymond James Financial Services, Inc.
Thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from Sean Naughton with Piper Jaffray.
Sean P. Naughton - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)
Hi, good morning.
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Good morning.
Sean P. Naughton - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)
Just in terms of the sector and the overall industry trends, it's been pretty challenging for most participants and just given the fact that it's often driven by innovation or some newness in product. Is there anything that could get the customer excited again at this point in time that you're beginning to see in some of the sales trends data that would get people coming back into specialty versus going to the lowest common denominator in terms of price for these products?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Yes, and we talked earlier, the new items that we added are bringing in new customers and driving results. We certainly see there is an opportunity there. The Dr. Oz days are behind us, but we're thoughtful in our evaluation of innovation and new products and bringing in the right third-party vendors where appropriate with longer-term exclusivities to create that differentiation. But it's really about the experience in the store, creating an environment that's exciting for customers, whether that's around sampling or community activities and really differentiating us from the service that you can't get in mass, online or even in the grocery stores.
Sean P. Naughton - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)
Okay. That's helpful. And then you talked about some impact from comps in the first quarter around expired vitamins. I just wasn't clear whether or not any of that had leaked over into Q2. I understand there was obviously a traffic problem in Q2 more than anything else. But was there any impact from expiration of vitamins that happened in Q2?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
We are seeing our expiring products back to normalized levels, and as I mentioned on the call, we saw sequential improvement in product margin rate as a result of less discounting on clearance and expiring product in the second quarter.
Sean P. Naughton - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)
So less of an impact than you saw in Q1?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Correct.
Sean P. Naughton - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)
Okay. And then just a clarification. Did you say earlier that the mall stores are about 35% of your sales and the strips are closer to 65%? Is that the right way to think about the retail mix for you guys at GNC?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
So mall stores are around 35%, but only 30% of the store mix. So yes, 35% of revenue and then strips are in the range that you mentioned, but keep in mind we also have downtown locations and military locations as well.
Sean P. Naughton - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)
Okay. And then just lastly on the split between private label and national brands, any difference in the sales trends there that you're seeing between private label or exclusively branded products that you have in the store?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
We have continued to add third party, so there's been an increase in mix of third-party products, not majorly significant, but there's certainly an increase in mix as we add those items.
Sean P. Naughton - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)
Okay. Thank you.
Operator
We will now hear from Damian Witkowski with Gabelli.
Damian Andrew Witkowski - G.research LLC
Hi. Can I just circle back to the mall locations? And based on the comments you made, it sounds to me like mall locations are actually running negative comps around high single-digits, 8%, 9% even. And I'm wondering if that's the trend and is this an unusually bad quarter for the mall locations or has that been the trend over the last few quarters?

And also is it just that your – obviously mall traffic has not been growing, but are you in the wrong malls? If you are in a right mall, are you in a wrong location in the mall? How much can you do to, actually, improve that performance other than to close down locations that don't work as the leases expire?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Couple things. Yes, malls are performing negatively and the number you indicated is slightly higher than what we're actually seeing in our mall locations. Again, going back to the mix of stores in the whole portfolio, however, we're seeing – it's not that malls in the second quarter had a disproportionate change in their traffic trends. They were down, but very consistent with what mall traffic is experiencing in general. So while malls are down, the downward trend is consistent with the mall traffic in general.
To your point about mall strategy and how we look at this going forward, we do see opportunities in malls to create excitement for customers, introducing new grab-and-go items and other food items, move the product in the stores, create a different experience in the mall locations. But we'll be opportunistic as part of our regular process and reviewing mall locations as their leases expire, and we'll make the appropriate decision to drive the highest returns for our shareholders.
Damian Andrew Witkowski - G.research LLC
Okay, thanks.
Operator
Our next question comes from Curtis Nagle with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Curtis S. Nagle - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Great. Thanks very much for taking the question. Apologies if it's something you've already covered, but I guess in light of full-year guidance being suspended, anything you can say in terms of buyback activity for the rest of the year?
Tricia K. Tolivar - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Our buyback activity is not expected to continue to for the rest of 2016. So we achieved our full-year goals in the first quarter and slightly into the second quarter. We don't expect any repurchases for the remainder of 2016.
Curtis S. Nagle - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator
And that concludes today's question-and-answer session.
Robert F. Moran - Interim CEO
Well, I just wanted to thank everybody being on the call. Obviously, big changes today. Looking forward to the next three months, so that I can immerge myself on the details and get back to you in the third quarter, so that we can have a honest preliminary assessment of what's going on and what we can do about it. So thank you. See you in 90 days.
Operator
That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.

If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Services, Drug Stores, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All GNC TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Services including Restaurant and Retail Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Services including Restaurant and Retail StocksIndependent News & Media Plc - Has The World Really Ended?Editors' Pick • INNZF• Today, 11:14 AM • Philip RyanBuy Chipotle Stock Amid Recent Outbreak FearsCMG• Today, 8:48 AM • Christopher Yuen•19 CommentsGreene King: Is The 5% Yield Enough?GKNGY, GRKGF• Today, 8:36 AM • Mark Dockray•1 CommentFundamentals And Technicals Agree On W.W. Grainger StockGWW• Yesterday, 7:35 PM • Aleksandar Vichev•5 CommentsThe Long Case For LiLACEditors' Pick • LILA• Yesterday, 4:00 PM • Stephen SarokiThe Short Case For Singapore Press HoldingsEditors' Pick • SGPRY, SGPRF• Yesterday, 4:00 PM • Warren ChanBed & Bath Beyond: A No Brainer, Management Optionality UndervaluedBBBY• Yesterday, 3:24 PM • Kario-Paul Brown•5 CommentsComcast And Liberty Global Invest In Integrate's Demand MarTechLBTYA• Yesterday, 3:24 PM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentWhy Air France-KLM Is In A BubbleAFRAF• Yesterday, 3:23 PM • Wubbe Bos•2 CommentsKroger's Recent Price Weakness Might Just Be A Good LossKR• Yesterday, 3:00 PM • Chuck Carnevale•45 CommentsWag Of Approval For PetIQPETQ• Yesterday, 1:56 PM • Don Dion•1 CommentGNC: I'm Not Bluffing With Pocket DeucesGNC• Yesterday, 1:37 PM • Courage & Conviction Investing•35 CommentsDynaCert: Promising To Boost Transportation Business Profit MarginsDYFSF• Yesterday, 1:00 PM • Research & Investment•5 CommentsNew Stocks In Exec Comp And ROIC Model Portfolio: July 2017FL• Yesterday, 12:26 PM • David Trainer•1 CommentDollar Tree: Paying The Growth Premium Is Not Worth The RiskDLTR• Yesterday, 11:43 AM • Samuel Smith•10 CommentsMoody's Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMCO• Yesterday, 11:42 AM • SA TranscriptsNetflix: Does Growth Justify The Valuation?NFLX• Yesterday, 11:31 AM • Hudson River Capital Research•47 CommentsSprouts Is Not Sprouting HigherSFM, WFM• Yesterday, 10:45 AM • Martin Hausman•5 CommentsLowes: Contrarian Play Post Sears/Amazon DealLOW• Yesterday, 10:41 AM • L&F Capital Management•10 CommentseBay: Results Bemuse The StreetEBAY• Yesterday, 10:30 AM • Quad 7 Capital•7 CommentsDividend Champion On Clearance Rack And In My PortfolioTGT• Yesterday, 9:48 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•84 CommentsA Bidding War For Advisory Board CompanyABCO• Yesterday, 9:27 AM • Ensemble CapitalPapa Murphy's Holdings: An Overlooked Competitor In A Crowded SpaceEditors' Pick • FRSH• Yesterday, 9:19 AM • Dining Stocks Online•13 CommentsHome Depot - Don't Panic, BuyHD• Yesterday, 9:00 AM • Leo Nelissen•21 CommentsDineEquity And Its 9% DividendDIN• Yesterday, 8:51 AM • Prescient Investment Analysis•8 CommentsNo Need To Ditch UnitedUAL• Yesterday, 8:51 AM • Detroit Bear•2 CommentsKansas City Southern 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKSU• Yesterday, 8:33 AM • SA TranscriptsDryShips Inc.: Reverse Split Selling Is Not Over YetDRYS• Yesterday, 8:30 AM • Morningsidepark•81 CommentsHome Depot: What Changed?HD• Yesterday, 2:24 AM • Joseph Harry•29 CommentsDunkin' Brands: A No-Frills 20% OpportunityDNKN• Yesterday, 12:29 AM • Black Coral Research•6 CommentsWill No Direct Competition Help WWE Offset Declining Viewership?WWE• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:43 PM • Jeremy McKinzie•7 CommentseBay Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEBAY• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:01 PM • SA TranscriptsHome Depot: A Dividend Growth Stock With A 29% Increase This YearHD• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:29 PM • Ploutos Investing•14 CommentsDisney Is A Buy, But Not Because Of Spider-ManDIS• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:54 PM • Black Coral Research•10 CommentsAutoZone Is The Deal Of The CenturyAZO• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:27 PM • Bank On Insight•32 CommentsUnion Pacific Surprises AgainUNP• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:35 PM • Jonathan Weber•23 CommentsNetflix's Success Driven By What Drives Other Tech Giants' SuccessesNFLX• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:16 PM • Gary Bourgeault•19 CommentsDryShips: Don't EvenDRYS• Thu, Jul. 20, 12:32 PM • Daniel Jones•68 CommentsNetflix: Warning Flags FlyingNFLX• Thu, Jul. 20, 12:23 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•25 CommentsGet On Board These Rail StocksNSC, KSU, GWR• Thu, Jul. 20, 12:21 PM • Zacks Investment Research•2 CommentsScholastic Corporation 2017 Q4 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSCHL• Thu, Jul. 20, 11:19 AM • SA TranscriptsThe Sherwin-Williams Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSHW• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:57 AM • SA TranscriptsOmnicom Group Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesOMC• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:03 AM • SA TranscriptsRite Aid: Don't Be FooledRAD• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:55 AM • Kumquat Research•143 CommentsDryShips' All-Time High - $1.47 Billion A Share?DRYS• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:49 AM • Research & Investment•44 CommentsCSX Pullback After Second Quarter Earnings Is JustifiedCSX• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:16 AM • James Sands•8 CommentsUnion Pacific Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesUNP• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:10 AM • SA TranscriptsBurlington Stores Looks TemptingEditors' Pick • BURL• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:08 AM • Vince Martin•4 CommentsWhole Foods: No Point In HoldingWFM• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:05 AM • Growth And Value•10 CommentsC.H. Robinson Worldwide Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCHRW• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:25 AM • SA TranscriptsHyatt Is The Tom Brady Of Lodging, But It Is Still Just A HoldH• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:03 AM • Sam Lin, CFA•1 CommentHertz: A Revolutionary New Business Model With Self-Driving Cars?CAR, HTZ• Thu, Jul. 20, 7:47 AM • JD Henning•3 CommentsChipotle - A Risk/Reward Discussion Based On Relative ValuationCMG• Thu, Jul. 20, 7:40 AM • Kenra Investors•19 CommentsE-Sports Aren't Yet A Threat To The NBA And MLBBATRK, MSG, MSGN• Thu, Jul. 20, 6:26 AM • Strubel Investment ManagementPublicis Groupe S.A. ADR 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPUBGY• Thu, Jul. 20, 6:07 AM • SA TranscriptsUnited Airlines: Street Has OverreactedUAL• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:51 AM • D.M. Martins Research•8 CommentsMcDonald's Is A WinnerMCD• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:09 AM • L&F Capital Management•6 CommentsAmazon's Making It Tough To Be A Costco ShareholderCOST• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:42 AM • Matt Hogan•33 CommentsAbercrombie & Fitch: Will Buyback Be Resumed?ANF• Thu, Jul. 20, 12:14 AM • Anthony Breen•11 CommentsBuckle Is Not Going AnywhereBKE• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:26 PM • Aleksandar Vichev•5 CommentsCanadian Pacific Railway Limited 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCP• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:23 PM • SA TranscriptsUnited Continental Holdings, Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesUAL• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:10 PM • SA TranscriptsAvis Budget Group Shareholders Will Not Be RewardedCAR• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:48 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•18 CommentsCato Is An Easy Short, Even At 6x P/EEditors' Pick • CATO• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:32 PM • Vince Martin•6 CommentsRebutting The Chipotle BearsCMG• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:23 PM • Mike Berner•106 CommentsWhat To Look For From Sirius Next WeekSIRI• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:59 PM • Crunching Numbers•66 CommentsCeladon Group - A Changing NarrativeCGI• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:59 PM • Austin Lee•10 CommentsPaychex Provides A Dividend PaycheckPAYX• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:41 PM • PendragonY•59 CommentsSoaring Stocks In A High Flying IndustryDLAKY, LUV, AAL• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:11 PM • Zacks Investment ResearchHow Taco Bell Has Succeeded In The 'Dying' Fast Food IndustryYUM• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:39 PM • Michael Giolli•4 CommentsWill Whole Foods Help Pop Einhorn's Bubble Basket?WFM• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:38 PM • Joseph Harry•20 CommentsTeekay Corp. - J Mintzmyer's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • TK• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:21 PM • J Mintzmyer•56 CommentsChipotle - I'm Backing Up The TruckCMG• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:10 PM • Jonathan Abenaim•69 CommentseBay Earnings: A Look At Upcoming Expectations For The Second QuarterEBAY• Wed, Jul. 19, 12:03 PM • JJ KinahanInitiating Coverage Of Freshii With A '2' RatingFRHHF• Wed, Jul. 19, 11:58 AM • Dining Stocks Online123456...799Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Metso Corporation's (MXTOF) CEO Matti Kähkönen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MXTOF•
      Sat, Jul. 22, 12:08 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ingenico Group's (INGIF) CEO Philippe Lazare on Acquisition of Bambora & Q2 2017 Trading Update (Transcript)


INGIF•
      Fri, Jul. 21, 10:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Danske Bank's (DNSKF) CEO Thomas Borgen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DNSKF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cinedigm (CIDM) Cinedigm Bison Agreement Conference (Transcript)


CIDM•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Western Alliance Bancorporation's (WAL) CEO Robert Sarver on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WAL•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Mobile Mini's (MINI) CEO Erik Olsson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MINI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Givaudan's (GVDNY) CEO Gilles Andrier on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GVDNY•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




MB Financial's (MBFI) CEO Mitchell Feiger on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MBFI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cementos Pacasmayo's (CPAC) CEO Humberto Nadal on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPAC•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Sensient Technologies' (SXT) CEO Paul Manning on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SXT•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moody's (MCO) CEO Raymond McDaniel on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MCO•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Regions Financial's (RF) CEO Grayson Hall on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Accell Group (ACGPF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACGPF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Del Frisco's Restaurant Group's (DFRG) CEO Norman Abdallah on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DFRG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Volaris Aviation's (VLRS) CEO Enrique Beltranena on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VLRS•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Colgate-Palmolive's (CL) CEO Ian Cook on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CL•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



McClatchy's (MNI) CEO Craig Forman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MNI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:42 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Badger Meter's (BMI) CEO Rich Meeusen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BMI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




OFG Bancorp's (OFG) CEO Jose Rafael Fernandez on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OFG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




General Electric's (GE) CEO Jeff Immelt on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GE•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:24 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•11 Comments 



Husky's (HUSKF) CEO Rob Peabody on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HUSKF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:21 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Glacier Bancorp's (GBCI) CEO Randall Chesler on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GBCI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Honeywell International's (HON) CEO Darius Adamczyk on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HON•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



CoBiz Financial's (COBZ) CEO Steve Bangert on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


COBZ•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ameris Bancorp's (ABCB) CEO Edwin Hortman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ABCB•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:46 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Banco Latinoamericano De Comercio Exterior's (BLX) CEO Rubens Amaral On Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BLX•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:44 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Citizens Financial Group's (CFG) CEO Bruce Van Saun on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CFG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:31 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Kansas City Southern's (KSU) CEO Patrick Ottensmeyer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KSU•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Huntington Bancshares' (HBAN) CEO Steve Steinour on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HBAN•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  2:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Equity Bancshares' (EQBK) CEO Brad Elliott on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EQBK•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  2:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4430Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
