


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Morgan & Morgan - A Nationwide Personal Injury Practice












































For the people, not the powerful
When you get hurt, we're on your side. We battle bullies and insurance companies in court, so that you can focus on getting better. Plus, you pay nothing unless we get you compensation.
free case evaluation
call us 24/7 
Or request a Free Consultation






Personal Injury Lawyers For The People
Morgan & Morgan is a leading personal injury law firm dedicated to protecting the people, not the powerful.We take pride in the fact that we do not represent insurance companies, hospitals or other large corporations. We have limited our law practice to the representation of the people, covering a wide range of personal injury and consumer protection cases.
Learn more about us






We can help
With decades of experience, more than 350 lawyers, and a support staff of nearly 2,000 employees, our firm has helped more than 100,000 clients nationwide. In their efforts to protect the people, not the powerful, our attorneys have established themselves among defense attorneys and insurance providers alike as leading trial lawyers.






car accidents


slip & fall


work injuries


dangerous drugs


business litigation


medical malpractice




view all our practice areas






We fight for our clients.
We have obtained ground-breaking verdicts in areas such as tobacco litigation and single-day recoveries totaling more than $92 million; however, our success is not measured only by our results.
                    Our success has garnered news coverage from prominent news outlets, as well as recognition from renowned legal publications. Our attorneys have been designated as “Super Lawyers” and received the esteemed AV Rating, which indicates the highest level of professional excellence.




FEATURED ON





AWARDS & ORGANIZATIONS







verdicts and settlements






No fee unless we win
We believe everyone should have access to quality legal representation. That's why we work on a contingency-fee basis, which means you only pay us if and when we win your case. Our fee is a percentage of the verdict or settlement we obtain for you.
get your free case evaluation now









What our clients say
At Morgan & Morgan, our attorneys are proud of the positive feedback we’ve received over the years regarding the quality of our work and commitment to our clients’ needs. If you are looking for an attorney, hear what our former clients have to say.














see more testimonials







Stay Informed




firm news



Morgan & Morgan Attorneys Featured on 2017 Florida Legal Elite List
We are overjoyed to announce that four of our attorneys were featured in the 2017 Florida Legal Elite list! For the past 14 years, Florida...
Jess Fregni
Firm News 
Jul 21, 2017




Morgan & Morgan Wins $87,500 for Woman Receiving Invasive Auto-Dialed Calls
We are proud to announce that following a two-day arbitration, attorney Jared Lee took a case with a $2,500 pre-trial settlement offer in a Telephone...
Richard Bierig
Firm News 
Jul 17, 2017




Morgan & Morgan Wins 4 Major Verdicts in 1 Day, Turning Low Pre-Trial Offers into Much Bigger Jury Awards
Morgan & Morgan is proud to announce our successful recovery of four major verdicts in a single day on Wednesday. In each trial, the attorneys...
Jess Fregni
Firm News 
Jul 14, 2017





alerts



Crop Damaging Dicamba Banned in Arkansas and Missouri
After receiving complaints of crop damage from hundreds of farmers, Arkansas and Missouri have decided to temporarily ban the use of the powerful herbicide dicamba....
Richard Bierig
Consumer Alerts 
Jul 10, 2017




Robocallers May Soon Be Allowed to Spam Your Voicemail
As if your bloated email inbox wasn’t enough, your smartphone’s voicemail may be the latest thing under threat of spam. The Republican National Committee is...
Jess Fregni
Consumer Alerts 
May 26, 2017




1M Patients’ Records Exposed in Major Data Breach
The information leaked in a data breach can vary in severity, ranging from your email address or phone number to your social security number and...
Jess Fregni
Consumer Alerts 
Apr 26, 2017







see more articles






Serving Clients Nationwide

                    Morgan & Morgan serves clients Nationwide with 40 offices in 11 states including Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, Tennessee, Kentucky, Alabama, Arkansas, Massachusetts, New York & Pennsylvania.
                




see our locations








×
Get A Free Case Evaluation















1. we get results
2. we're available for you 24/7
3. no fees unless you win





Get your free, immediate, Case Evaluation




































Free Legal Case Evaluation - Morgan & Morgan










































Call us 24 hours / 7 days a week
877.667.4265
Se habla español



Get A Free Case Evaluation































Review 5/5

★
★
★
★
★


Bobbie Wyzard

            From the first day I talked to Jay about my case until the day my case was settled, he made me feel like he truly cared about me as a person, not just a client. I highly recommend Morgan & Morgan to anyone in need. And, I will never be able to thank them enough for what they did for me!

        




Review 5/5

★
★
★
★
★


Lisa K.

            Mary Anne Laforme was a true blessing. We were in an accident and she was so kind when helping us with any questions or concerns. Very considerate and up front about everything in our situation. If we have any other issues, we will definitely be calling them. Thanks for everything, Mary Anne.

        




Review 5/5

★
★
★
★
★


Grady Morris

            From my first contact with Morgan & Morgan to the meeting with Investigator Tilson, I've experienced nothing but professionalism! Outstanding firm that has their clients interest at heart.

        







verdicts & settlements



$90,800,000.00
Estate of Frank Townsend v. RJ Reynolds, et al.


Product Liability




Keith R. Mitnik
Gregory D. Prysock
John W. Dill


2010


$40,000,000.00
Estate of Patricia Allen v. RJ Reynolds, et al.


Product Liability




Gregory D. Prysock
Keith R. Mitnik


2014


$37,850,000.00
Coleman v. Martinez


Medical Malpractice




Armando T. Lauritano
Keith M. Carter


2007


$28,450,104.74
Fedeline Normil v. Go


Medical Malpractice




Keith M. Carter
Armando T. Lauritano


2012


$25,927,183.55
Brink v. Ruiz


Car Accidents




Alexander Murphree Clem
Keith R. Mitnik


2013






Estate of Frank Townsend v. RJ Reynolds, et al.
$90,800,000.00
2010


Estate of Patricia Allen v. RJ Reynolds, et al.
$40,000,000.00
2014


Coleman v. Martinez
$37,850,000.00
2007





For attorney referrals, please email us
For media inquiries, please contact 212.738.6254
For marketing inquiries, please contact 212.738.6265
For advertising inquiries and proposals, please email us


Want to find an office? View our locations





























Class Action Lawsuits: Current Cases - Morgan & Morgan











































                    

                    

                    featured
                    


featured
drugs
medical devices
consumer fraud
data breaches
automobiles
environmental
financial
workers rights





class actions

Our attorneys are dedicated to protecting the rights of consumers, patients and investors in the country's top class action and mass torts cases

















Actemra Arthritis Drug Lawsuit

Our attorneys are investigating claims that arthritis drug Actemra may be linked to fatal side effects not mentioned on the...
dangerous drugs



Dicamba Drift Lawsuit

Our attorneys are currently investigating claims that the herbicide dicamba is responsible for destroying hundreds of thousands of acres of...
consumer fraud



Babyganics “Tear Free” Bath Products Class Action Lawsuit

Our attorneys are currently investigating claims that certain Babyganics products advertised as being “tear free” may in fact contain harmful...
consumer fraud



Atrium C-QUR, Ethicon Physiomesh Hernia Mesh Lawsuits

Atrium C-QUR, Ethicon Physiomesh Hernia Mesh Allegedly Cause Severe Intestinal Complications Our attorneys are currently investigating claims that certain hernia...
medical devices



Weather Shield Wood Windows Lawsuit

Our attorneys are currently investigating claims that some Weather Shield wood windows are defective in design and prone to mold,...
consumer fraud



Everything you need to know about Class Actions
SEE OUR FAQs




Zostavax Shingles Vaccine Lawsuit

Merck’s Zostavax shingles vaccine can potentially cause serious injuries and even death, some have alleged. Our attorneys are investigating these...
dangerous drugs



Sorin Stockert 3T Heater-Cooler Device Lawsuit

Our attorneys are currently investigating claims that a medical device known as the Sorin Stockert 3T heater-cooler system may be...
medical devices



Clergy Sex Abuse Lawsuit

Survivors of clergy sex abuse in the Archdiocese of New York are brave people who have endured so much. We...










Everything you need to know about Class Actions
SEE OUR FAQs






Related Articles


Crop Damaging Dicamba Banned in Arkansas and Missouri
After receiving complaints of crop damage from hundreds of farmers, Arkansas and Missouri have decided to temporarily ban the use of the powerful herbicide dicamba. Though similar complaints have been...

Richard Bierig
Consumer Alerts
Jul 10, 2017



Robocallers May Soon Be Allowed to Spam Your Voicemail
As if your bloated email inbox wasn’t enough, your smartphone’s voicemail may be the latest thing under threat of spam. The Republican National Committee is backing a petition that would...

Jess Fregni
Consumer Alerts
May 26, 2017



1M Patients’ Records Exposed in Major Data Breach
The information leaked in a data breach can vary in severity, ranging from your email address or phone number to your social security number and even your medical records. Unfortunately,...

Jess Fregni
Consumer Alerts
Apr 26, 2017




See More Articles











1. we get results
2. we're available for you 24/7
3. no fees unless you win





Get your free, immediate, Case Evaluation




































What You Should Know About Personal Injury








































practice areas
Personal Injury Lawsuits



Personal Injury Lawsuits







No one likes to get injured — it often means dealing with lengthy periods of pain and a pile of medical bills. But when it’s not even your fault, that can be worse. You’re left dealing with physical, emotional, and financial pain that someone else caused. Luckily, the legal system is fine-tuned to address this scenario. This is called “personal injury law.”
What is Personal Injury?
Personal injury law is a very specific type of civil law. A private individual plaintiff can file a lawsuit against someone they accuse of wrongful conduct that contributed to their injury. Personal injury attorneys in these cases will go to great lengths to advocate for their clients. This can include investigating the scene of the accident, questioning witnesses, working with medical experts, and sometimes even working with experts that can help reconstruct the accident, among other things.
Why File A Personal Injury Lawsuit?
An injury may not seem like grounds for a lawsuit at first, but it can cause lasting physical and emotional damage, leading to long-time pain and financial strain. If someone else caused a severe or lingering injury, you may be able to file a personal injury suit and gain compensation for your damages. Whether someone else can be held be responsible is key to determining if you have a lawsuit on your hands. With enough evidence that another party’s negligence caused your injury, you may be able to reach a settlement or take your case to trial.
At Morgan & Morgan, we have more than 300 lawyers nationwide with vast experience in various types of personal injury law and a reputation for helping people receive the compensation they need. Our attorneys have years of experience taking cases to trial, where we have been able to recover many times the amount of an insurance company’s initial settlement offer.
What Type of Personal Injury Lawsuits Do People File?
Here are some of the forms of personal injury lawsuits we have worked on, and the ways these injuries and lawsuits come about.
Motor Vehicle Accidents
Vehicles all bring with them a unique risk of injury, and a number of different types of lawsuits. The majority of these accidents are car accidents, but can also include motorcycle, trucking, and even boating accidents. Often, these personal injury claims stem from the negligence of another driver. From texting while driving and driving under the influence, these acts and more can cause lifelong damage to someone. Even lesser accidents can require long-term medical care. These lawsuits are often brought to get compensation for medical bills and future medical expenses, such as rehabilitation. There are also damages potentially available for lost time at work, and the physical and emotional suffering endured.
Premises Liability/Slip and Fall
Those who have slipped and fallen on someone’s property may find themselves with an injury that could have been avoided had the property owner acted more carefully in maintaining their property. This type of fall can cause an injury that lingers, resulting in lengthy, costly medical bills. Slip and fall lawsuits can be a lot of work at times, but if you have the evidence to show negligence, the owner of a restaurant, store, or other establishment may be held liable for your damages.
Construction Injuries
Construction jobs are inherently risky, and construction sites are home to many on-the-job injuries. And as such, many construction accident injury claims can also fall into other categories.
Dog Bites
Dog bites and attacks can be far more serious than they sound. Those who have been bitten by someone else’s pet can, if it’s determined that the victim was not provoking the dog, potentially file a lawsuit against the owner and their homeowners’ insurance (should it apply) and be entitled to compensation for their medical expenses and emotional distress.
Birth Injuries
Birth injuries are among the most dangerous forms of medical malpractice. A negligent mistake by an obstetrician can result in physical injuries to a newborn, and it can also lead to lasting disorders, such as cerebral palsy, paralysis, and brain damage. This can be traumatic to the children and the parents, as well as a major financial strain on the family. A personal injury lawsuit for a family dealing with an injury to their newborn during birth gives the family the potential to recover compensation for these tangible and intangible damages.
Brain & Spinal Cord Injuries
The most alarming types of injuries that can stem from car accidents, medical malpractice, and more are ones to the brain or to the spinal cord. In personal injury cases involving these specific injuries, there is potentially permanent physical and/or mental damage to the victim. As a result, a lot of work goes into proving there was negligence and a breach of care by the other party, because the potential compensation the victim and his or her family can get is much higher, as it would be for long-term medical expenses.
Burn Injuries
Burn injuries are some of the most dangerous injuries one can be inflicted with, as negligence can cause fiery motor vehicle accidents, faulty electrical wiring, scalding water, and more. These can cause horrific burns. There are different degrees of burns; some heal quickly. Others can lead to lifelong scarring and trauma. As such, compensation received in a burn injury lawsuit is often awarded for long-term medical expenses, as well as for pain and suffering.
Wrongful Death
Personal injury cases that have resulted in a fatality fall into the category of wrongful death. In addition to the usual medical bills and expenses one can attain in a personal injury lawsuit through compensation, the victim’s family can potentially be compensated for the costs of the funeral. Families could also be eligible to receive other damages.
For example, if the victim was the primary source of income, a spouse or family could possibly receive compensation for their sudden lost income. Compensation is also available for the pain and suffering, as well as the loss of companionship. These damages can help the family obtain some peace of mind after a sudden loss.
How We May be Able to Help
The ways that another person’s negligence can injure you are larger in number than you may have thought, and more severe. But there are options for you in the aftermath of your injury. Morgan & Morgan’s personal injury attorneys may be able to help you through these difficult times. Contact your local office for a free, no-obligation case evaluation form.





            free case evaluation
        


                Fill out this form for a FREE, immediate, Case Evaluation
            










Everything you need to know about
            
personal injury


SEE OUR FAQs



Related Practice Areas

Boating Accident LawyersBrain Injury AttorneysCarbon Monoxide LawyersCruise Ship Injury


See More Related Articles









Related Articles


Morgan & Morgan Attorneys Featured on 2017 Florida Legal Elite List
We are overjoyed to announce that four of our attorneys were featured in the 2017 Florida Legal Elite list! For the past 14 years, Florida Legal Elite has published an...

Jess Fregni
Firm News
Jul 21, 2017



Texas Marina Fire Destroys At Least 20 Boats, Injures Worker
A massive fire engulfed a marina in Lake Texoma, TX Wednesday, injuring a contract worker and burning nearly two dozen boats. The fire spread from boat to boat until flames...

Matthew Sandler
Morgan Monitor
Jul 20, 2017



Jeff Sessions' New Directive Expands Civil Asset Forfeiture, Increasing Police Property Seizures
The Department of Justice yesterday issued a Policy Directive paving the way for an increase in the use of a controversial process called “adoptive forfeitures” whereby state and local law...

Richard Bierig
Legal News
Jul 20, 2017




See More Results










1. we get results
2. we're available for you 24/7
3. no fees unless you win





Get your free, immediate, Case Evaluation






























John K. Morgan: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 3:09 PM ET
Trading Companies and Distributors

Company Overview of WESCO International, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
John K. Morgan  Director, WESCO International, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 6 different industries.See Board Relationships63$220,429
Background

		Mr. John K. Morgan served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Zep, Inc. since October 2007 until June 26, 2015. Mr. Morgan held several positions at Acuity Brands from 2001 to 2007. He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Acuity Lighting Group Inc., subsidiary of Acuity Brands Inc., since August 2005. He served as Chief Executive Officer of Acuity Specialty Products. He served as the President of Zep, Inc. from July 2007 to November 2007. He ... served as an Executive Vice President of Acuity Brands Inc from July 2007 to October 2007.  He served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Acuity Brands Lighting, a subsidiary of Acuity Brands Inc. from August 2, 2005. He served as President and Chief Development Officer of Acuity Brands Inc., parent company of Acuity Lighting Group, Inc. since January 21, 2004. He served as a Senior Executive Vice President and the Chief Operating Officer of Acuity Brands Inc., since June 2002 and also an Executive Vice President from December 2001 to June 2002. Mr. Morgan served as President of Holophane at National Service Industries Inc. since June 2000. He served as Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing of Lithonia Lighting Group from 1999 to 2001. He served as the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Zep Inc., from October 2007 until June 2015. He joined Lithonia Lighting in 1977 and held a variety of senior management positions prior to 1999. He has been a Director at Zep Inc. since July 2007 and WESCO International, Inc. since March 31, 2008. He has been a Director of LSI Industries Inc. since April 20,2016.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
225 West Station Square DrivePittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219United StatesPhone: 412-454-2200Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2008-PresentDirectorWESCO International, Inc.2016-PresentDirectorLSI Industries Inc.
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
LSI Industries Inc.National Service Industries, Inc.Lithonia Lighting, Inc.Acuity Brands, Inc.Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc.Zep, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
Exercisable Options$16,742Total Number of Options$16,742
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$105,417Total Calculated Compensation$220,429




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationRobert A. Mionis Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorCelestica Inc.$850.0KDaniel L. Knotts CEO, President & DirectorR.R. Donnelley & Sons Company$1.9MRobert J. Eck CEO & DirectorAnixter International Inc.$980.0KKenneth T. Lamneck Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Insight Enterprises, Inc.$800.0KJohn D. Williams BAChief Executive Officer, President and DirectorDomtar Corporation$1.2MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact WESCO International, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































John K. Morgan - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















John K. Morgan
Board Member at WESCO International, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you John K. Morgan? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view John K. Morgan's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in John K. Morgan's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in John K. Morgan's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with John K. Morgan through your network of contacts.
												








John K. Morgan's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
WESCO International, Inc.


Board Member, 
LSI Industries Inc.


Past
To view John K. Morgan's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
62

 
 


John K. Morgan's Biography



John K. Morgan served as the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Zep Inc., a specialty chemicals company, from 2007 until his retirement in June 2015. From July 2007 to October 2007, he served as Executive Vice President of Acuity Brands and President and Chief Executive Officer of Acuity Specialty Products, just prior to its spin off from Acuity Brands, Inc. From 2005 to July 2007, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Acuity Brands Lighting. He also served Acuity Brands as President and Chief Development Officer from 2004 to 2005, as Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from 2002 to 2004 ...
(Read More)

			John K. Morgan served as the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Zep Inc., a specialty chemicals company, from 2007 until his retirement in June 2015. From July 2007 to October 2007, he served as Executive Vice President of Acuity Brands and President and Chief Executive Officer of Acuity Specialty Products, just prior to its spin off from Acuity Brands, Inc. From 2005 to July 2007, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Acuity Brands Lighting. He also served Acuity Brands as President and Chief Development Officer from 2004 to 2005, as Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from 2002 to 2004, and as Executive Vice President from 2001 to 2002. He also serves as a director of LSI Industries Inc.

Qualifications: Among Mr. Morgan's experience, qualifications, attributes and skills for which he is considered a valuable member of the Board of Directors, Mr. Morgan has experience as a Chief Executive Officer with broad expertise in senior executive and operating leadership roles, including extensive experience in and knowledge of the industry in which the Company operates.
		
Source: WESCO International, Inc. on 04/17/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view John K. Morgan's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like John K. Morgan. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in John K. Morgan's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in John K. Morgan's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with John K. Morgan through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: John K. Morgan


















John K. Morgan's Connections (120)





Sign up now to view John K. Morgan's 120 connections »









John J. Engel
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, WESCO International, Inc.









Ray M. Robinson
Board Member, Acuity Brands, Inc.









Peter C. Browning
Lead Independent Director, Acuity Brands, Inc.









O.B. Grayson Hall
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Regions Financial Corporation









Stephen A. Van Oss
Former Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, WESCO International, Inc.









David S. Schulz
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, WESCO International, Inc.









James L. Singleton
Board Member, WESCO International, Inc.









Francis S. Blake
Non-Executive Chairman, Delta Air Lines, Inc.









Kenneth S. Parks
Chief Financial Officer, Mylan N.V.









Lynn M. Utter
Board Member, WESCO International, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















JOHN K MORGAN - EDMOND, OK - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OK



EDMOND



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            JOHN K MORGAN
                                    



 





















J 


JOHN K MORGAN
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



18104 MONTORO WAY EDMOND, OK 73012
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $51,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


John K Morgan was founded in 2010. John K Morgan specializes in Business Services At Non-commercial Site. John K Morgan has 1 employees and estimated revenues of $51,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















	
        Compensation Information for John K. Morgan , Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of ZEP INC | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





John K. Morgan 
Executive Compensation
As Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer at ZEP INC, John K. Morgan  made $2,397,874 in total compensation.  Of this total $645,000 was received as a salary, $352,712 was received as a bonus, $0 was received in stock options, $1,186,088 was awarded as stock and $214,074 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2014 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for John K. Morgan ,  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer at ZEP INC as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. ZEP INC income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. ZEP INC annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


Mark R. Bachmann 
Robert P. Collins 
Philip A. Theodore 
Jeffrey L. Fleck 







John K. Morgan 


Base Pay$645,000
Bonus + Incentive Comp$352,712
Total Cash Compensation$997,712


Stock Award Value$1,186,088
Option Award Value$0
Total Equity$1,186,088



Total Other$214,074



Total Compensation$2,397,874




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 











 





John M Morgan - Avon, IN | Intelius



























Sign In



We found John M Morgan in Avon, IN


John M Morgan

                                                                           Intelius found that John M Morgan  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Avon, IN.  We have connected them to
                2 addresses,
                1 phone,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

John K Morgan


Get Report Now

Age

John M Morgan is in his 40s

John Has Lived In

Avon, IN
Anderson, IN

John's Relatives

Anna Morgan
Samantha Wiley
Bailey Morgan







John M Morgan



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about John? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about John, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on John M Morgan
Get a Criminal Check on John M Morgan
Get a Public Record Report on John M Morgan
Get a People Search Report on John M Morgan


John M Morgan's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where John M Morgan has lived as well as John M Morgan's phone numbers and email addresses.




John M Morgan Has Lived in 1 States
Indiana Address for John M Morgan


8255 C****** D* 

Avon, IN


Has Lived In

Avon, IN
Anderson, IN


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with John M Morgan

(317) ***-**** - Avon, IN 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with John M Morgan



Get Email Report




John M Morgan's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for John M Morgan


John M Morgan's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of John M Morgan's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
John Morgan
Username Matches

                  JohnMorgan
                  MorganJohn
                  John.Morgan
                  Morgan.John
                  John_Morgan
                  Morgan_John
                  John-Morgan
                  Morgan-John
                  JMorgan
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Morgan







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.






















 






John K. Marshall - Business Planning | Morgan Stanley






















Search






John K. Marshall Page



John K. Marshall
Vice President, Financial Advisor, Senior Portfolio Manager, Family Wealth AdvisorContact Me




Business Planning
Helping small and middle market business owners with key strategic needs such as access to capital, employee retirement plan administration and a variety of exit strategies.



Business
What to Look for in Your 401(k) Service Provider
Choosing a 401(k) plan can be an overwhelming task. Here are some tips to help you choose the right plan.

Business
Your Responsibilities as a Retirement Plan Sponsor
Did you know most of your employees could be relying heavily on your company’s retirement plan to save for their future?

Business
How to Keep Employees Participating in Your Retirement Plan
Help for plan sponsors and business owners with 401(k) plans to maximize employee participation and contribution levels.


Business
Transition Time for Boomer Businesses
As a massive wave of Baby Boomers enters retirement age, the landscape for privately-held businesses may be poised for a seismic shift.




Products and Services For Business Planning
Business Planning
Focusing on the factors that make a difference in your business —from your perspective on ownership, control and liquidity, to the key challenges and opportunities you may face.


Cash Management and Capital
The lifeblood of any business is cash, whether accessing capital or managing receivables and payables. We can help review the strategies you have in place and, if appropriate, share alternatives to consider.

Retirement and Benefits
Helping businesses review employee benefits including retirement, stock incentive plans, nonqualified deferred-compensation plans and employee-retention strategies.


Succession and Exit-Planning
Planning ahead is vital as you look toward the next chapter of your business’ history. Whether selling a business—in whole or in part—or passing one on, we can help craft a variety of different exit strategies.





Ready to start a conversation? Contact John K. Marshall today.

Contact Me




Dow 
				     
					  -31.71
21580.07
4:35PM

Nasdaq 
				     
					  -2.25
6387.75
5:15PM

S&P 500 
				     
					  -.91
2472.54
4:35PM


Market Information Delayed 20 Minutes







©2017 Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. Member SIPC. All rights reserved.





close


















John K. Gisleson    



















                    JavaScript is turned off in your web browser.
                    Turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.
                
Close


















Enter Name

















SELECT THE LOCATION OR LANGUAGE TO MEET YOUR NEEDS:


Location

United States
Deutsch
日本語












Skip to main navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer











 
Choose site




























 Home

 > 

                                 John K. Gisleson
                                




<
Home









John K. Gisleson
Partner





With a particular focus on energy, environmental, construction, and financial matters, John K. Gisleson represents clients across a range of business litigation issues. He has tried cases in the construction, energy, environmental, financial institution, manufacturing, real estate, retail, securities, and waste industries. John has served as lead trial counsel in both defending and prosecuting matters, and has represented clients in arbitration. He also maintains an active pro bono practice.







print








Extended Profile

John’s pro bono work includes an asylum appeal for a Croatian woman who was a domestic violence victim in that country. He has worked on death penalty cases and has been involved with a constitutional challenge to the elimination of the International Baccalaureate Programme in a Pittsburgh-area school district.
 
John is a fellow of the Academy of Trial Lawyers of Allegheny County, an organization limited to 250 elected lawyers engaged in civil trial practice in US state and federal courts.



selected representations

Energy and Environmental Litigation

Lead trial counsel in defense of independent oil and gas operator against claims that hydraulic fracturing caused groundwater contamination. Landowner claimed contamination from deep upward migration of fracturing fluids from target shale, from releases from a drill cuttings pit and an impoundment, and from surficial spills and releases. Case tried over the course of 20 hearing days before Pennsylvania Environmental Hearing Board in first trial of its kind before EHB, which found in favor of the operator and against the landowner.
Lead trial counsel in defense of claims against a coke plant involving alleged Clean Air Act and RCRA violations based on emissions of particulate from battery combustion stack and of hydrogen sulfide from byproducts plant. Case was tried in the US District Court for the Northern District of West Virginia. EPA/DOJ sought civil penalties and mandatory injunctive relief reaching $100 million.
Lead trial counsel in defense of class action brought by landowner-lessors of oil, gas, and coal rights in Beaver County, Pennsylvania. Plaintiffs alleged breach of contract, breach of Pennsylvania Securities Act, and unauthorized practice of law against land aggregator. Obtained dismissal of lawsuit on motion to dismiss before Court of Common Pleas, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. Affirmed in published opinion by the Pennsylvania Superior Court.
Lead trial counsel in defense of class action brought by landowner-lessors for breach of contract when oil and gas operator rejected landowners’ leases for oil and gas rights involving approximately 30,000 acres in Mercer County, Pennsylvania.
Lead trial counsel in defense of claims against gas operator that operator engaged in bad faith unitization. 
Co-lead trial counsel in defense of claims against oil and gas operator based on allegations of soil and water contamination, property damage, and personal injury.
Lead trial counsel in defense of claims against oil and gas operator based on alleged termination of lease for oil and gas rights. Operator asserted force majeure among other defenses.
Lead trial counsel in defense of water treatment company against claims of damage to an impoundment liner that allegedly resulted in releases of flowback water.
Lead trial counsel in prosecution of claims for breach of contract based on improper termination of services agreement involving treatment of flowback water and sale of related chemicals.
Lead trial counsel in prosecution of claims for breach of noncompete in an asset purchase agreement ancillary to sale of a business engaged in hauling and disposal of drill cuttings and wastewater from well sites. Enforced noncompete through injunction trial and shut down competing business.
Lead trial counsel in prosecution of claims involving unfair competition, trademark infringement, and misappropriation of trade secrets concerning the design, manufacture and sale of industrial water tube boilers, with the case being tried in the US District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. The damages claim exceeded $10 million.
Lead trial counsel in defense of claim for breach of noncompete in an employment agreement for a former employee of a manufacturer of nuclear reactor coolant pumps.
Lead trial counsel in defense of claims for breach of alleged oral agreement involving replacement of end flues in coke ovens.
Lead trial counsel in defense of breach of contract and promissory estoppel claims involving alleged oral agreement for sale of 80,000 net tons of metallurgical coal allegedly worth $24 million.
Lead trial counsel in defense of breach of contract claim involving written anthracite coal purchase agreement providing for purchase of 110,000 tons per year over six years. Litigation involved whether agreement was extended due to multiple alleged force majeure events.

Business Litigation

Co-counsel to the special litigation committee of the board of directors of H.J. Heinz Company in connection with the evaluation of shareholder demands and lawsuits arising out of the $28 billion sale of the company to an investor group consisting of Berkshire Hathaway and 3G Capital affiliates.
Co-lead trial counsel in defense of directors and officers in the manufacturing industry against claims of breach of fiduciary duty (among others) in connection with leveraged recapitalization and redemption transactions. The damages claim exceeded $100 million.
Lead trial counsel in prosecution of accounting malpractice claims arising out of a $309 million asset sale in the healthcare industry. The case was tried in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois, with the damages claim exceeding $100 million.
Lead trial counsel in defense of claims against directors and controlling shareholders of a close corporation for breach of fiduciary duty and oppression of a minority shareholder.
Co-lead trial counsel in defense of directors of an insurance carrier in a dispute with other directors over control of the carrier.
Investigation and prosecution of accounting and legal malpractice claims, as well as claims against officers and directors, arising out of the failure of financial institutions in Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Florida, and Colorado that led to the recovery of millions of dollars. The claims centered on commercial and real estate loans, and the damages claims were in the tens of millions of dollars.
Prosecution of claims on behalf of limited partners in real estate partnerships concerning the allocation of proceeds in a portfolio sale of commercial properties. The damages claim exceeded $25 million.
Prosecution and defense of breach of fiduciary duty and related claims against directors and officers, including lead trial counsel in the defense of outside directors sued by a bankruptcy trustee for $54 million in connection with the failure of a home healthcare company.
Lead trial counsel in defense of the assignee of a partnership interest against fraud and breach of contract claims. The case was tried in the US District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania, with damages claims in the millions of dollars.
Lead trial counsel in defense of securities claims involving control of, or payments from, retirement accounts.
Lead trial counsel in prosecution and defense of claims involving commercial real estate leases.
Lead trial counsel in prosecution of, and defense against, challenges to the award of municipal contracts in injunction proceedings.
Lead trial counsel in enforcement and defense of restrictive covenants through injunction proceedings for a variety of industries, including the energy, manufacturing, and mortgage brokerage industries. 


Construction Claims

Lead trial counsel in several construction arbitrations that were tried to decision.
Lead trial counsel in representation of the Allegheny County Airport Authority in various construction matters involving the Pittsburgh International Airport.
Lead trial counsel in defense of a hotel developer in an arbitration under the AAA construction rules against claims by a general contractor that the contractor had a contractual right to build the hotel.
Lead trial counsel in defense of a construction manager against claims of delay and disruption in connection with additions and alterations to elementary schools.
Lead trial counsel for construction manager in prosecution of claims for additional costs.
Lead trial counsel in defense of a general contractor against claims by a subcontractor for sums allegedly due under a construction contract, with the case being tried in the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County.
Lead trial counsel in prosecution of claims involving allegedly defective concrete.
Lead trial counsel in investigation and defense of job-site personal injury claims on construction projects.
Counseling of clients concerning construction claims for additional compensation.




Education


Catholic University of America, Columbus School of Law, 1991, J.D. 
University of Notre Dame, 1988, B.A., Cum Laude 



 Admissions


Pennsylvania 
Louisiana 

U.S. Supreme Court

U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit

U.S. District Courts for the Eastern, Western, and Middle Districts of Pennsylvania

U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana

Supreme Courts of Pennsylvania and Louisiana




Awards and Affiliations

Fellow, Academy of Trial Lawyers of Allegheny County
Listed in The Best Lawyers in America for commercial litigation (2013–2017)
Recognized as a "Future Star" for Pennsylvania in Benchmark Litigation (2011–2014, 2017)
Noted as a "Pennsylvania Super Lawyer" for business litigation (2004–2015)
Fellow, Academy of Advocacy of Temple University (2001)
Fellow, Allegheny County Bar Foundation
Rated AV® Preeminent by Martindale-Hubbell®
Member, Allegheny County Bar Association
Member, Washington County Bar Association
Chair, Energy Section of the Washington County Bar Association
Member, Civil Litigation Section Council of the Allegheny County Bar Association
Member, International Association of Defense Counsel
Past President of the Board of Trustees, Pittsburgh Youth Symphony Orchestra
Member, Board of Trustees and Chair of the Ethics and Compliance Committee, Carlow University
Past President, Rotary Club of Upper St. Clair-Bethel Park
Master, American Inns of Court, Pittsburgh Chapter
Graduate, Leadership Pittsburgh XIX 


Publications

December 2015 - District Court Invalidates Local Ordinance Prohibiting the Disposal of Waste from Natural Gas Development, Environmental Liability, Enforcement & Penalties Reporter, Vol. 26 No. 1

7/24/2015 - PA Court Holds That Natural Gas Producer Improperly Deducted Fees
4/7/2015 - Looking Under Hydraulic Fracturing's Surface (Part I): Pre-Drill Water Testing Regulations
3/10/2015 - Harrison Decision: Cabot Oil Denied Equitable Extension of Oil and Gas Lease
4/29/2014 - Presenter, Pennsylvania Bar Institute Appellate Advocacy Practicum



News

6/18/2015 - Morgan Lewis Represents Range Resources in Resolution of Environmental Dispute Involving Groundwater Contamination Claims
2/24/2014 - Morgan Lewis Adds Ex-Schnader Harrison Atty In Pittsburgh, Law360
2/20/2014 - Leading Trial Lawyer Joins Morgan Lewis’s Pittsburgh Office



Events

12/17/2014 - Pennsylvania Bar Institute’s Negotiating, Drafting and Enforcing Executive Employment Agreements















john.gisleson@morganlewis.com


Email



 Pittsburgh

                          
                            One Oxford Centre, 32nd Fl.Pittsburgh, PA 15219-6401United States
                    
Phone 
+1.412.560.7435 
Fax 
+1.412.560.7001


Download vcard



SECTORS

Energy



Services

Energy Regulatory
Class Actions
Commercial Litigation
Corporate, Finance & Investment Management
Litigation, Regulation & Investigations



 REGIONS 

North America





















Contact Us


Client Access Login


Sitemap








































Terms of Use and Privacy Policy     
                                How we use cookies



Copyright © 2017 Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP. All rights reserved.











































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Morgan & Morgan - A Nationwide Personal Injury Practice












































For the people, not the powerful
When you get hurt, we're on your side. We battle bullies and insurance companies in court, so that you can focus on getting better. Plus, you pay nothing unless we get you compensation.
free case evaluation
call us 24/7 
Or request a Free Consultation






Personal Injury Lawyers For The People
Morgan & Morgan is a leading personal injury law firm dedicated to protecting the people, not the powerful.We take pride in the fact that we do not represent insurance companies, hospitals or other large corporations. We have limited our law practice to the representation of the people, covering a wide range of personal injury and consumer protection cases.
Learn more about us






We can help
With decades of experience, more than 350 lawyers, and a support staff of nearly 2,000 employees, our firm has helped more than 100,000 clients nationwide. In their efforts to protect the people, not the powerful, our attorneys have established themselves among defense attorneys and insurance providers alike as leading trial lawyers.






car accidents


slip & fall


work injuries


dangerous drugs


business litigation


medical malpractice




view all our practice areas






We fight for our clients.
We have obtained ground-breaking verdicts in areas such as tobacco litigation and single-day recoveries totaling more than $92 million; however, our success is not measured only by our results.
                    Our success has garnered news coverage from prominent news outlets, as well as recognition from renowned legal publications. Our attorneys have been designated as “Super Lawyers” and received the esteemed AV Rating, which indicates the highest level of professional excellence.




FEATURED ON





AWARDS & ORGANIZATIONS







verdicts and settlements






No fee unless we win
We believe everyone should have access to quality legal representation. That's why we work on a contingency-fee basis, which means you only pay us if and when we win your case. Our fee is a percentage of the verdict or settlement we obtain for you.
get your free case evaluation now









What our clients say
At Morgan & Morgan, our attorneys are proud of the positive feedback we’ve received over the years regarding the quality of our work and commitment to our clients’ needs. If you are looking for an attorney, hear what our former clients have to say.














see more testimonials







Stay Informed




firm news



Morgan & Morgan Attorneys Featured on 2017 Florida Legal Elite List
We are overjoyed to announce that four of our attorneys were featured in the 2017 Florida Legal Elite list! For the past 14 years, Florida...
Jess Fregni
Firm News 
Jul 21, 2017




Morgan & Morgan Wins $87,500 for Woman Receiving Invasive Auto-Dialed Calls
We are proud to announce that following a two-day arbitration, attorney Jared Lee took a case with a $2,500 pre-trial settlement offer in a Telephone...
Richard Bierig
Firm News 
Jul 17, 2017




Morgan & Morgan Wins 4 Major Verdicts in 1 Day, Turning Low Pre-Trial Offers into Much Bigger Jury Awards
Morgan & Morgan is proud to announce our successful recovery of four major verdicts in a single day on Wednesday. In each trial, the attorneys...
Jess Fregni
Firm News 
Jul 14, 2017





alerts



Crop Damaging Dicamba Banned in Arkansas and Missouri
After receiving complaints of crop damage from hundreds of farmers, Arkansas and Missouri have decided to temporarily ban the use of the powerful herbicide dicamba....
Richard Bierig
Consumer Alerts 
Jul 10, 2017




Robocallers May Soon Be Allowed to Spam Your Voicemail
As if your bloated email inbox wasn’t enough, your smartphone’s voicemail may be the latest thing under threat of spam. The Republican National Committee is...
Jess Fregni
Consumer Alerts 
May 26, 2017




1M Patients’ Records Exposed in Major Data Breach
The information leaked in a data breach can vary in severity, ranging from your email address or phone number to your social security number and...
Jess Fregni
Consumer Alerts 
Apr 26, 2017







see more articles






Serving Clients Nationwide

                    Morgan & Morgan serves clients Nationwide with 40 offices in 11 states including Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, Tennessee, Kentucky, Alabama, Arkansas, Massachusetts, New York & Pennsylvania.
                




see our locations








×
Get A Free Case Evaluation















1. we get results
2. we're available for you 24/7
3. no fees unless you win





Get your free, immediate, Case Evaluation




































Free Legal Case Evaluation - Morgan & Morgan










































Call us 24 hours / 7 days a week
877.667.4265
Se habla español



Get A Free Case Evaluation































Review 5/5

★
★
★
★
★


Bobbie Wyzard

            From the first day I talked to Jay about my case until the day my case was settled, he made me feel like he truly cared about me as a person, not just a client. I highly recommend Morgan & Morgan to anyone in need. And, I will never be able to thank them enough for what they did for me!

        




Review 5/5

★
★
★
★
★


Lisa K.

            Mary Anne Laforme was a true blessing. We were in an accident and she was so kind when helping us with any questions or concerns. Very considerate and up front about everything in our situation. If we have any other issues, we will definitely be calling them. Thanks for everything, Mary Anne.

        




Review 5/5

★
★
★
★
★


Grady Morris

            From my first contact with Morgan & Morgan to the meeting with Investigator Tilson, I've experienced nothing but professionalism! Outstanding firm that has their clients interest at heart.

        







verdicts & settlements



$90,800,000.00
Estate of Frank Townsend v. RJ Reynolds, et al.


Product Liability




Keith R. Mitnik
Gregory D. Prysock
John W. Dill


2010


$40,000,000.00
Estate of Patricia Allen v. RJ Reynolds, et al.


Product Liability




Gregory D. Prysock
Keith R. Mitnik


2014


$37,850,000.00
Coleman v. Martinez


Medical Malpractice




Armando T. Lauritano
Keith M. Carter


2007


$28,450,104.74
Fedeline Normil v. Go


Medical Malpractice




Keith M. Carter
Armando T. Lauritano


2012


$25,927,183.55
Brink v. Ruiz


Car Accidents




Alexander Murphree Clem
Keith R. Mitnik


2013






Estate of Frank Townsend v. RJ Reynolds, et al.
$90,800,000.00
2010


Estate of Patricia Allen v. RJ Reynolds, et al.
$40,000,000.00
2014


Coleman v. Martinez
$37,850,000.00
2007





For attorney referrals, please email us
For media inquiries, please contact 212.738.6254
For marketing inquiries, please contact 212.738.6265
For advertising inquiries and proposals, please email us


Want to find an office? View our locations





























Class Action Lawsuits: Current Cases - Morgan & Morgan











































                    

                    

                    featured
                    


featured
drugs
medical devices
consumer fraud
data breaches
automobiles
environmental
financial
workers rights





class actions

Our attorneys are dedicated to protecting the rights of consumers, patients and investors in the country's top class action and mass torts cases

















Actemra Arthritis Drug Lawsuit

Our attorneys are investigating claims that arthritis drug Actemra may be linked to fatal side effects not mentioned on the...
dangerous drugs



Dicamba Drift Lawsuit

Our attorneys are currently investigating claims that the herbicide dicamba is responsible for destroying hundreds of thousands of acres of...
consumer fraud



Babyganics “Tear Free” Bath Products Class Action Lawsuit

Our attorneys are currently investigating claims that certain Babyganics products advertised as being “tear free” may in fact contain harmful...
consumer fraud



Atrium C-QUR, Ethicon Physiomesh Hernia Mesh Lawsuits

Atrium C-QUR, Ethicon Physiomesh Hernia Mesh Allegedly Cause Severe Intestinal Complications Our attorneys are currently investigating claims that certain hernia...
medical devices



Weather Shield Wood Windows Lawsuit

Our attorneys are currently investigating claims that some Weather Shield wood windows are defective in design and prone to mold,...
consumer fraud



Everything you need to know about Class Actions
SEE OUR FAQs




Zostavax Shingles Vaccine Lawsuit

Merck’s Zostavax shingles vaccine can potentially cause serious injuries and even death, some have alleged. Our attorneys are investigating these...
dangerous drugs



Sorin Stockert 3T Heater-Cooler Device Lawsuit

Our attorneys are currently investigating claims that a medical device known as the Sorin Stockert 3T heater-cooler system may be...
medical devices



Clergy Sex Abuse Lawsuit

Survivors of clergy sex abuse in the Archdiocese of New York are brave people who have endured so much. We...










Everything you need to know about Class Actions
SEE OUR FAQs






Related Articles


Crop Damaging Dicamba Banned in Arkansas and Missouri
After receiving complaints of crop damage from hundreds of farmers, Arkansas and Missouri have decided to temporarily ban the use of the powerful herbicide dicamba. Though similar complaints have been...

Richard Bierig
Consumer Alerts
Jul 10, 2017



Robocallers May Soon Be Allowed to Spam Your Voicemail
As if your bloated email inbox wasn’t enough, your smartphone’s voicemail may be the latest thing under threat of spam. The Republican National Committee is backing a petition that would...

Jess Fregni
Consumer Alerts
May 26, 2017



1M Patients’ Records Exposed in Major Data Breach
The information leaked in a data breach can vary in severity, ranging from your email address or phone number to your social security number and even your medical records. Unfortunately,...

Jess Fregni
Consumer Alerts
Apr 26, 2017




See More Articles











1. we get results
2. we're available for you 24/7
3. no fees unless you win





Get your free, immediate, Case Evaluation




































What You Should Know About Personal Injury








































practice areas
Personal Injury Lawsuits



Personal Injury Lawsuits







No one likes to get injured — it often means dealing with lengthy periods of pain and a pile of medical bills. But when it’s not even your fault, that can be worse. You’re left dealing with physical, emotional, and financial pain that someone else caused. Luckily, the legal system is fine-tuned to address this scenario. This is called “personal injury law.”
What is Personal Injury?
Personal injury law is a very specific type of civil law. A private individual plaintiff can file a lawsuit against someone they accuse of wrongful conduct that contributed to their injury. Personal injury attorneys in these cases will go to great lengths to advocate for their clients. This can include investigating the scene of the accident, questioning witnesses, working with medical experts, and sometimes even working with experts that can help reconstruct the accident, among other things.
Why File A Personal Injury Lawsuit?
An injury may not seem like grounds for a lawsuit at first, but it can cause lasting physical and emotional damage, leading to long-time pain and financial strain. If someone else caused a severe or lingering injury, you may be able to file a personal injury suit and gain compensation for your damages. Whether someone else can be held be responsible is key to determining if you have a lawsuit on your hands. With enough evidence that another party’s negligence caused your injury, you may be able to reach a settlement or take your case to trial.
At Morgan & Morgan, we have more than 300 lawyers nationwide with vast experience in various types of personal injury law and a reputation for helping people receive the compensation they need. Our attorneys have years of experience taking cases to trial, where we have been able to recover many times the amount of an insurance company’s initial settlement offer.
What Type of Personal Injury Lawsuits Do People File?
Here are some of the forms of personal injury lawsuits we have worked on, and the ways these injuries and lawsuits come about.
Motor Vehicle Accidents
Vehicles all bring with them a unique risk of injury, and a number of different types of lawsuits. The majority of these accidents are car accidents, but can also include motorcycle, trucking, and even boating accidents. Often, these personal injury claims stem from the negligence of another driver. From texting while driving and driving under the influence, these acts and more can cause lifelong damage to someone. Even lesser accidents can require long-term medical care. These lawsuits are often brought to get compensation for medical bills and future medical expenses, such as rehabilitation. There are also damages potentially available for lost time at work, and the physical and emotional suffering endured.
Premises Liability/Slip and Fall
Those who have slipped and fallen on someone’s property may find themselves with an injury that could have been avoided had the property owner acted more carefully in maintaining their property. This type of fall can cause an injury that lingers, resulting in lengthy, costly medical bills. Slip and fall lawsuits can be a lot of work at times, but if you have the evidence to show negligence, the owner of a restaurant, store, or other establishment may be held liable for your damages.
Construction Injuries
Construction jobs are inherently risky, and construction sites are home to many on-the-job injuries. And as such, many construction accident injury claims can also fall into other categories.
Dog Bites
Dog bites and attacks can be far more serious than they sound. Those who have been bitten by someone else’s pet can, if it’s determined that the victim was not provoking the dog, potentially file a lawsuit against the owner and their homeowners’ insurance (should it apply) and be entitled to compensation for their medical expenses and emotional distress.
Birth Injuries
Birth injuries are among the most dangerous forms of medical malpractice. A negligent mistake by an obstetrician can result in physical injuries to a newborn, and it can also lead to lasting disorders, such as cerebral palsy, paralysis, and brain damage. This can be traumatic to the children and the parents, as well as a major financial strain on the family. A personal injury lawsuit for a family dealing with an injury to their newborn during birth gives the family the potential to recover compensation for these tangible and intangible damages.
Brain & Spinal Cord Injuries
The most alarming types of injuries that can stem from car accidents, medical malpractice, and more are ones to the brain or to the spinal cord. In personal injury cases involving these specific injuries, there is potentially permanent physical and/or mental damage to the victim. As a result, a lot of work goes into proving there was negligence and a breach of care by the other party, because the potential compensation the victim and his or her family can get is much higher, as it would be for long-term medical expenses.
Burn Injuries
Burn injuries are some of the most dangerous injuries one can be inflicted with, as negligence can cause fiery motor vehicle accidents, faulty electrical wiring, scalding water, and more. These can cause horrific burns. There are different degrees of burns; some heal quickly. Others can lead to lifelong scarring and trauma. As such, compensation received in a burn injury lawsuit is often awarded for long-term medical expenses, as well as for pain and suffering.
Wrongful Death
Personal injury cases that have resulted in a fatality fall into the category of wrongful death. In addition to the usual medical bills and expenses one can attain in a personal injury lawsuit through compensation, the victim’s family can potentially be compensated for the costs of the funeral. Families could also be eligible to receive other damages.
For example, if the victim was the primary source of income, a spouse or family could possibly receive compensation for their sudden lost income. Compensation is also available for the pain and suffering, as well as the loss of companionship. These damages can help the family obtain some peace of mind after a sudden loss.
How We May be Able to Help
The ways that another person’s negligence can injure you are larger in number than you may have thought, and more severe. But there are options for you in the aftermath of your injury. Morgan & Morgan’s personal injury attorneys may be able to help you through these difficult times. Contact your local office for a free, no-obligation case evaluation form.





            free case evaluation
        


                Fill out this form for a FREE, immediate, Case Evaluation
            










Everything you need to know about
            
personal injury


SEE OUR FAQs



Related Practice Areas

Boating Accident LawyersBrain Injury AttorneysCarbon Monoxide LawyersCruise Ship Injury


See More Related Articles









Related Articles


Morgan & Morgan Attorneys Featured on 2017 Florida Legal Elite List
We are overjoyed to announce that four of our attorneys were featured in the 2017 Florida Legal Elite list! For the past 14 years, Florida Legal Elite has published an...

Jess Fregni
Firm News
Jul 21, 2017



Texas Marina Fire Destroys At Least 20 Boats, Injures Worker
A massive fire engulfed a marina in Lake Texoma, TX Wednesday, injuring a contract worker and burning nearly two dozen boats. The fire spread from boat to boat until flames...

Matthew Sandler
Morgan Monitor
Jul 20, 2017



Jeff Sessions' New Directive Expands Civil Asset Forfeiture, Increasing Police Property Seizures
The Department of Justice yesterday issued a Policy Directive paving the way for an increase in the use of a controversial process called “adoptive forfeitures” whereby state and local law...

Richard Bierig
Legal News
Jul 20, 2017




See More Results










1. we get results
2. we're available for you 24/7
3. no fees unless you win





Get your free, immediate, Case Evaluation




























