

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















MORGAN CREEK SERIES TRUST Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      MORGAN CREEK SERIES TRUST
                    

•   CHAPEL HILL, NC
                          • Trust
                          • Mutual Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Morgan Creek Series Trust is based out of Chapel Hill.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from MORGAN CREEK SERIES TRUST, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




morgan creek series trust


301 W BARBEE CHAPEL ROAD

CHAPEL HILL
NC
                                                        
                                                    27517


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      919 933 4004







Recent SEC Filings




NSAR-B filed on 05/25/2017
24F-2NT filed on 05/22/2017
497 filed on 03/06/2017
N-Q filed on 02/23/2017
N-CSRS filed on 11/22/2016
NSAR-A filed on 11/22/2016
40-17G filed on 09/09/2016
N-Q filed on 08/24/2016
N-PX filed on 08/23/2016
485BPOS filed on 08/10/2016
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Morgan Creek Series Trust - Morgan Creek Tactical Allocation Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 5:46 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Morgan Creek Series Trust - Morgan Creek Tactical Allocation Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of March 24, 2017 Morgan Creek Series Trust - Morgan Creek Tactical Allocation Fund has gone out of business. Morgan Creek Series Trust - Morgan Creek Tactical Allocation Fund is an open-ended multi-asset mutual fund launched and managed by Morgan Creek Capital Management, LLC. It invests in public equity and fixed income markets of countries across the globe. The fund also invests in other funds. For its equity portion, the fund takes short positions to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in stocks of companies operating across all market capitalizations. For its fixed income portion, the fund invests in debt instruments with varying maturities....
As of March 24, 2017 Morgan Creek Series Trust - Morgan Creek Tactical Allocation Fund has gone out of business. Morgan Creek Series Trust - Morgan Creek Tactical Allocation Fund is an open-ended multi-asset mutual fund launched and managed by Morgan Creek Capital Management, LLC. It invests in public equity and fixed income markets of countries across the globe. The fund also invests in other funds. For its equity portion, the fund takes short positions to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in stocks of companies operating across all market capitalizations. For its fixed income portion, the fund invests in debt instruments with varying maturities. It employs fundamental analysis focusing on factors like volatility, corporate profits, interest rates, inflation, demographic trends, sovereign debt levels and the outlook for global capital markets to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI ACWI and a blended index comprising of 70% MSCI ACWI and 30% Barclays Aggregate Bond Index. Morgan Creek Series Trust - Morgan Creek Tactical Allocation Fund was formed on August 15, 2013 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


301 West Barbee Chapel RoadSuite 200Chapel Hill, NC 27517United StatesFounded in 2013



Phone: 919-933-4004

Fax: 919-933-4048








Key Executives for Morgan Creek Series Trust - Morgan Creek Tactical Allocation Fund


Morgan Creek Series Trust - Morgan Creek Tactical Allocation Fund does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Morgan Creek Series Trust - Morgan Creek Tactical Allocation Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close








































































Morgan Creek













Morgan Creek Foundation
Client Login
Morgan Creek Capital Distributors
Contact Us
 





























About Us
Our Team
Our Expertise
Market Commentary
Customized Advisory Solutions
Alternative Investment Products
 
Morgan Creek Foundation
Client Login
Morgan Creek Capital Distributors
Contact Us
 












    OUR TEAM    




                   Meet the Morgan Creek Team                  Our investment professionals are globally-based, giving Morgan Creek an advantage by allowing our team to live and work in the same locations as many of our managers. Our Senior Investment Team meets every Monday morning in high-level strategic discussions. Many Senior Investment Team members have been working in the investment business for 20+ years and have extensive knowledge in endowment management, investment banking, management consulting, institutional investment management, and regulatory affairs.   




 Investment Team       Mark W. Yusko                         Read About Mark                     Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer Mark W. YuskoChief Executive Officer and Chief Investment OfficerMark Yusko is the Founder, CEO and Chief Investment Officer of Morgan Creek Capital Management. Prior to forming Morgan Creek, Mr. Yusko was President, Chief Investment Officer and Founder of UNC Management Company, the Endowment investment office for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, from 1998 to 2004. Throughout his tenure, he directly oversaw strategic and tactical asset allocation recommendations to the Investment Fund Board, investment manager selection, manager performance evaluation, spending policy management and performance reporting. Total assets under management were $1.5 billion ($1.2 billion in endowment assets and $300 million in working capital). Until 1998, Mr. Yusko was the Senior Investment Director for the University of Notre Dame Investment Office where he joined as the Assistant Investment Officer in October of 1993. He worked with the Chief Investment Officer in all aspects of Endowment Management. Mr. Yusko received his Bachelor of Science Degree, with Honors, in Biology and Chemistry from the University of Notre Dame and a Master of Business Administration in Accounting and Finance from the University of Chicago. Mr. Yusko is an Advisory Board member of a number of private capital partnerships and alternative investment programs and has served as a consultant on alternative investments to a select group of institutions. Mr. Yusko is an Investment Committee member of the MCNC Endowment, a member of the DukeEngage National Advisory Board at Duke University, President and Chairman of the Investment Committee of The Hesburgh-Yusko Scholars Foundation at the University of Notre Dame, and President and Head of Investment Committee of the Morgan Creek Foundation.    Mike Hennessy                         Read About Mike                     Managing Director Investments Mike HennessyManaging Director InvestmentsMike Hennessy is a co-founder of Morgan Creek Capital Management, and serves as the Director of Investments. In this role, Mr. Hennessy provides oversight to the Private Investments Group, and acts as a portfolio strategist on portfolios beyond private investments, including work with Morgan Creek’s advisory clients and proprietary funds.
Prior to joining Morgan Creek in 2004, Mr. Hennessy was Vice President and a founding member of UNC Management Company. Primary areas of responsibility included domestic equity, international and emerging markets equity, opportunistic equity, absolute return, fixed income, enhanced fixed income and private investments. Mr. Hennessy also assisted in developing overall investment objectives as well as strategic and tactical asset allocation for the funds. Mr. Hennessy was responsible for monitoring both public and private individual managers and overall portfolio performance, as well as risk management. Prior to joining UNC in 1999, Mr. Hennessy was an Investment Director at Duke Management Company (Duke University) where he assisted in the management of multi-billion portfolios across all asset classes of various University-related investment pools. Before joining Duke in 1991, Mr. Hennessy was an Associate at Amundi Smith Breeden Associates, a quantitative investment management firm with offices in Durham, NC.
Mr. Hennessy received his Master of Business Administration with a concentration in Finance from the Fuqua School of Business at Duke University and he also holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Philosophy, Psychology and Mathematics from the College of William and Mary. Mr. Hennessy is Treasurer of Duke University Federal Credit Union, a member of the Investment Committee at the Carolina Friends School, a director of the Morgan Creek Foundation, Emeritus Trustee of the College of William & Mary Foundation Board of Trustees, and former member of its Executive Committee and Investment Committee (immediate past Chair), and a Trustee of the Murray 1693 Scholars Foundation.    Daniel J. Kingston, CFA                         Read About Daniel                     Managing Director Investments Daniel J. Kingston, CFAManaging Director InvestmentsDaniel J. Kingston is a Managing Director of Investments at Morgan Creek Capital Management.  Previous to joining Morgan Creek, Mr. Kingston was a Managing Director responsible for heading the portfolio management at Vulcan Capital, the family office investment vehicle for Microsoft founder Paul Allen in Seattle, WA.  At Vulcan, Mr. Kingston was responsible for strategic and tactical asset allocation development for the investment portfolio, as well as all of Vulcan’s investments with external managers.  Prior to managing Vulcan, Mr. Kingston was CIO at the Kauffman Foundation, a $2 billion non-profit where he was responsible for managing all aspects of the Foundation’s investment function.  Prior to his family office and foundation experiences, Mr. Kingston was a Managing Director at the Stanford Management Company investing the endowment, and other University assets in Menlo Park, CA.  In that post, he was responsible for the development and management of internal investment strategies for Stanford University’s investment portfolio.  He first joined Stanford in 1990 after having spent time as a financial analyst with Hewlett-Packard Corporation's investment department.  Mr. Kingston has direct experience in public equity, private equity, venture capital, real assets, alternative investments, and fixed-income areas. Before starting a career in investments, Mr. Kingston spent five years as an officer on active duty with the U.S. Coast Guard.  Mr. Kingston holds a B.S. in Science from the U.S. Coast Guard Academy and an MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.  Mr. Kingston is a Chartered Financial Analyst and currently serves on the board of the Pacific Northwest Ballet Foundation.    Josh Tilley                         Read About Josh                     Managing Director (Public Assets) Josh TilleyManaging Director (Public Assets)Josh Tilley is a Managing Director of Investments at Morgan Creek and one of the founding members of the investment team with a primary focus on public investments. Mr. Tilley is responsible for the management and construction of portfolios across Morgan Creek's various investment solutions, including related research and analysis that spans a number of different asset classes and sub-strategies. Prior to joining Morgan Creek in 2004, Mr. Tilley served as an Associate in the Public Investments Division at UNC Management Company. Mr. Tilley functioned in various capacities, including research and due diligence that contributed to individual manager selection, overall portfolio strategy and tactical asset allocation decisions. Prior to joining UNC in 2003, Mr. Tilley was an Analyst in the Investment Banking Division at Lehman Brothers where he worked to complete transactions totaling in excess of $6 billion across Lehman’s multiple product lines. Mr. Tilley received his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, with distinction, from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.    Cory Lester                         Read About Cory                     Managing Director (Public Assets) Cory LesterManaging Director (Public Assets)Cory Lester joined Morgan Creek in January 2006. Mr. Lester's primary responsibilities include hedge fund manager sourcing and due diligence, portfolio management, and topical market research. Mr. Lester has worked from Morgan Creek's New York office since 2006 and was promoted to Managing Director, Public Investments in 2015. During his tenure at Morgan Creek, he has focused on a variety of geographies, asset classes, and investment strategies. Since 2012, Mr. Lester's primary focus has been Opportunistic Equity across Morgan Creek's various investment solutions and portfolios. Prior to joining Morgan Creek, Mr. Lester was a Junior Analyst for Sands Point Capital Management in New York. He graduated from Davidson College in 2005 with his Bachelor of Arts Degree in Economics.    Mark Morris                         Read About Mark                     Managing Director (Public Assets) Mark MorrisManaging Director (Public Assets)Mark Morris has been a Managing Director of the public investment team since joining Morgan Creek in 2007. He is a member of the Investment Committee and focuses on macroeconomic, market and security analysis. Previously, he was at Ritchie Capital Management from 2000-2007. Mr. Morris was a Managing Director and headed Ritchie’s Multi-Manager Group from 2004-2007. He joined Ritchie to develop and trade a long/short equities strategy, and served, from 2001-2003, as Director of Fundamental Research. Earlier in his career, Mr. Morris was Vice President, Long/Short Equities, for Citadel Investment Group, and an equity and high yield analyst at Franklin Templeton. Mr. Morris earned an MBA with High Honors from the University of Chicago. He earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in International Relations, with Distinction, from Stanford University and is a member of Phi Beta Kappa.    Nicholas A. Lee, CAIA                         Read About Nicholas                     Managing Director (Shanghai) Nicholas A. Lee, CAIAManaging Director (Shanghai)As the head of Asian Investments, Mr. Lee spearheads Morgan Creek's investment strategy and activities in the region with a particular focus on China, investing in both funds and co-investment opportunities. Prior to relocating to Shanghai in 2011, Mr. Lee was based in Morgan Creek's Hong Kong office from 2009 where he assisted in all Asian private investment activities in the region. Mr. Lee joined Morgan Creek in its Chapel Hill headquarters in 2007 where he facilitated screening and analyzing private asset fund globally. Mr. Lee received his Bachelor of Science Degree in Commerce, with concentrations in Finance and Accounting, from the McIntire School of Commerce at the University of Virginia.  Mr. Lee is fluent in Mandarin and has earned the Chartered Alternative Investment AnalystSM designation.    Darpan Biswas                         Read About Darpan                     Vice President (Public Assets) Darpan BiswasVice President (Public Assets)Darpan Biswas joined Morgan Creek in 2010. Mr. Biswas’s primary responsibilities at Morgan Creek include manager due diligence, research, and general portfolio analysis for the Morgan Creek’s public strategies. Prior to joining Morgan Creek, Mr. Biswas completed his Master of Business Administration as a Dean Scholar at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. While completing his degree, Mr. Biswas served at the North Carolina Department of State Treasurer working on manager due diligence, investment analysis, and organizational projects. Mr. Biswas also served as the portfolio manager of a $1.8M fund at UNC where he invested in securities across multiple asset classes. Before business school, Mr. Biswas consulted with firms in the financial services and telecommunications industry at Deloitte Consulting. Mr. Biswas received his Bachelor of Technology degree in Computer Science from the Indian Institute of Technology at Kanpur in India.    Andrew Schmeelk                         Read About Andrew                     Vice President (Public Assets) Andrew SchmeelkVice President (Public Assets)Andrew Schmeelk joined Morgan Creek in 2012. Mr. Schmeelk’s primary responsibilities include manager due diligence and selection, topical research, and general portfolio analysis across public investments. Prior to joining Morgan Creek, Mr. Schmeelk worked for Alternative Investment Management as an investment analyst, providing analytical resource to both the hedge fund and private equity platforms for the firm. Mr. Schmeelk graduated from Villanova University, where he received a BA in Political Science.    Kyle Engle, CAIA                         Read About Kyle                     Associate (Private Assets) Kyle Engle, CAIAAssociate (Private Assets)Kyle joined Morgan Creek in 2013. Prior to joining Morgan Creek, Mr. Engle worked in Corporate Finance at Deutsche Bank Securities primarily focusing on convertible debt and equity derivative origination. Mr. Engle graduated with distinction from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill where he received a Bachelor of Science Degree in Business Administration.    Tina Li                         Read About Tina                     Senior Analyst (Private Assets) Tina LiSenior Analyst (Private Assets)Tina Li joined Morgan Creek in 2014 and is based in Shanghai. Her responsibilities include manager due diligence and selection, topical research and portfolio analysis. Prior to joining Morgan Creek, Ms. Li was a Senior Auditor at Ernst & Young in Shanghai. Ms. Li received her Bachelor of Science in International Accounting & Finance from the University of Bradford, and holds a Master’s Degree in Accounting and Finance from the University of Birmingham.    Frank Tanner, CAIA                         Read About Frank                     Senior Analyst (Private Assets) Frank Tanner, CAIASenior Analyst (Private Assets)Frank Tanner joined Morgan Creek in 2013. Prior to joining Morgan Creek, Mr. Tanner interned with WestEnd Advisors in Charlotte, NC. Mr. Tanner received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration and graduated with distinction from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where he also was a member of the varsity basketball team.    Mandy Yang                         Read About Mandy                     Senior Analyst (Private Assets) Mandy YangSenior Analyst (Private Assets)Mandy Yang joined Morgan Creek in 2014. Ms. Yang is responsible for fund and co-investments due diligence and portfolio analysis for private investments across early to growth stage, monitoring existing commitments and sourcing ideas with a focus on the TMT and consumer sectors in China. She also performs and delivers independent research on China/Asia macro, industries, sector verticals and companies to the investment team. Prior to joining Morgan Creek, Ms. Yang was a Senior Auditor at Ernst & Young in Shanghai. Ms. Yang received her Bachelor of Economics from the Shanghai University of International Business and Economics, and holds a Masters Degree in Management Science from Vrije Universiteit Brussel in Belgium.    Ryan Smith                         Read About Ryan                     Analyst (Public Assets) Ryan SmithAnalyst (Public Assets)Ryan Smith joined Morgan Creek in 2015. Mr. Smith graduated from Notre Dame with his Bachelors of Business Administration in 2014 and his Masters of Business Administration in 2015. Prior to joining Morgan Creek, Mr. Smith was selected by professors to help manage a live $10 million portfolio for the Notre Dame Endowment and worked as a Research Analyst at Cross Point Partners, L.P. Mr. Smith was a member of the Notre Dame varsity lacrosse team.                                                                                 




 Investment Relations Senior Team       Rainey Sellars                         Read About Rainey                     Senior Managing Director Rainey SellarsSenior Managing DirectorMr. Sellars leads the Investor Relations group based in Chapel Hill and is responsible for global business development and client relations. He has been with Morgan Creek since 2011. Prior to joining Morgan Creek, Mr. Sellars was a Managing Director at Signet Management, where he was responsible for U.S. Client Relations and Business Development. He spent fifteen years at Merrill Lynch, primarily based in New York, as a managing director in the Global Markets Institutional Group overseeing the Latin American emerging market sales unit. This team participated in more than $20 billion of equity financing deals and consistently held a top-ranking in their marketplace. Mr. Sellars received Bachelor of Arts degrees in Chemistry and Economics from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. He also received his MBA, with a Distinction in Finance, from The London Business School. He holds Series 7, 9, 10 and 63 securities licenses.    William Deuchler                         Read About William                     Managing Director William DeuchlerManaging DirectorBill is responsible for investor solutions and service with a primary focus on the institutional sector. Bill has 25 years of experience working with institutional clients in the areas of investment strategy, asset allocation, and alternative and traditional manager strategies. Before joining Morgan Creek, Bill served as Managing Director, Head of Sales & Client Service and member of the Investment Committee for Cain Brothers Asset Management (“CBAM”). Prior to CBAM, Bill was Senior Vice President with Graham Capital Management, a global macro CTA, Managing Director with Zacks Investment Management focusing on equity market neutral strategies and Principal with Barclays Global Investors in the Americas Client Service Group. Bill was also President and Chief Operating Officer of Vantage Consulting Group, a Virginia based investment consulting firm.
Bill served on the adjunct faculty of the University of Virginia in 1988 team-teaching an executive seminar in portfolio management. He has also been a guest lecturer for the MBA programs at The College of William & Marry and Rollins College. His publications include contributing to "Cases in Portfolio Management" edited by Robert F. Vandell and Simplifying the Global Equity Benchmark Decision with Stephen Schoenfeld.
Bill also serves as a Trustee for the Winter Park (FL) Police Pension Plan and as a member of the International Advisory Board for Step Ahead Micro Enterprise Development, a Bangkok, Thailand based ministry providing microloans to the poor of Bangkok. He received an M.B.A. from the Darden School, University of Virginia, in 1986 and a B.S.E. in Naval Architecture and Marine Engineering from the University of Michigan in 1978.    Macon Patton                         Read About Macon                     Director Macon PattonDirectorMacon Patton joined Morgan Creek in 2014 and is responsible for leading new client development initiatives with private and institutional investors. Prior to joining Morgan Creek, Mr. Patton was a Senior Vice President at Allen C. Ewing & Co in Charlotte, NC. He began his career at Autranet (a subsidiary of Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette) in Institutional Fixed Income Sales & Trading. He then moved to Prague shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall.  There he spent several years working with a small investment company before moving to one of the leading Czech investment banks. His experience also includes work in real estate investment and development. Mr. Patton received his Bachelor of Arts degree in History from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and holds Series 7 and 63 securities licenses.    Erica Vrana                         Read About Erica                     Vice President, Client Service Erica VranaVice President, Client ServiceErica Vrana joined Morgan Creek in 2008 as a Client Service Associate. Prior to joining the firm, Ms. Vrana worked at UBS Securities in New York where she was a sales representative and sales assistant on the Mortgage Backed Securities trading floor. At UBS, Ms. Vrana had extensive experience maintaining client relationships as well as acting as a liaison inside UBS to resolve all operational issues for over 50 client accounts. Prior to UBS, Ms. Vrana worked at Bear Stearns on the Fixed Income trading floor working on both the U.S. Government Bond Desk and the Foreign Exchange department. Ms. Vrana received her Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill from the Journalism and Mass Communications School, where she was also a four year collegiate scholar varsity swimmer.                                                                                 




 Operations Senior Team       Robin Butler                         Read About Robin                     Chief Compliance Officer Robin ButlerChief Compliance OfficerRobin Butler joined Morgan Creek in 2004. Ms. Butler is responsible for developing the policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including securities laws, as well as monitoring compliance with those policies and procedures and handling other day-to-day compliance issues. In addition, Ms. Butler acts as a liaison with outside fund counsel. Prior to joining the firm, Ms. Butler worked as Business Manager for HPL Management Co., LLC in Durham, North Carolina; as Assistant Vice President, Operations Manager, and Compliance Officer at Harrington Bank in Chapel Hill, North Carolina; and spent many years at Bank of America where she was a Bank Manager and Assistant Vice President in the Consumer Bank. Ms. Butler received her Bachelor of Arts in Psychology from the University of North Carolina at Greensboro with minors in English and Anthropology.    Laura Fisher                         Read About Laura                     Treasury Director Laura FisherTreasury DirectorLaura Fisher joined Morgan Creek in 2008 and overseas cash management and tax compliance for the Company. Prior to joining Morgan Creek, Ms. Fisher worked for five years at Blackman & Sloop, CPAs, P.A. in Chapel Hill, North Carolina as a Senior Auditor. Her expertise is in public accounting, notably in ERISA and non-profit audits as well as tax preparation for businesses and high net worth individuals. Ms. Fisher received her Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from East Carolina University.    Nick Taylor, CPA                         Read About Nick                     Chief Financial Officer, Management Company Nick Taylor, CPAChief Financial Officer, Management CompanyPrior to joining Morgan Creek in 2008, Mr. Taylor worked for over ten years at Wellington Management Company, LLP, one of the largest private institutional asset managers. Nick served as Director of Financial Control and Vice President, where he led the formation and operation of a financial control and risk function. Prior to that, Mr. Taylor formed and managed Wellington Management’s International Accounting group, where, as International Controller and Vice President, he was responsible for financial accounting, financial and regulatory reporting. In this role, he worked extensively across the firm to support the financial, operational, regulatory, compliance and tax aspects of the firm’s US and international affiliates. Prior to joining Wellington Management, Mr. Taylor worked for four years for PricewaterhouseCoopers in their audit practice in both Boston, Massachusetts and London, England. He is a Certified Public Accountant and member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the North Carolina Association of Certified Public Accountants. He received his MS/MBA in Accounting from Northeastern University, and has Bachelor of Arts with honors from the University of East Anglia, UK. Prior to relocating to Chapel Hill, Mr. Taylor served on the Finance Committee for the Town of Rowley, Massachusetts for five years and was the founding Treasurer and Board Member of the Triton Education Foundation, Inc, the only district-wide educational not-for-profit supporting the school district.    Taylor Thurman, CFA                         Read About Taylor                     Director of Fund Operations Taylor Thurman, CFADirector of Fund OperationsTaylor Thurman joined Morgan Creek in February 2006 and serves as the Director of Fund Operations. He manages the firm's operational due diligence program, client administration and reporting operations, and product structuring activities. In addition, Mr. Thurman serves as the Chief Compliance Officer of the firm’s suite of registered products and is responsible for Board level communications. Prior to joining Morgan Creek, he spent three years at Cambridge Associates, LLC where he led a team focused on client reporting and portfolio analytics for international institutional investment portfolios. He also spent time with Arthur Andersen LLP's audit practice. Mr. Thurman received his BS in Business Administration and Accounting from Washington and Lee University. He is a CFA charterholder and is a member of the CFA Institute and the North Carolina CFA Society.    Mark Vannoy, CPA                         Read About Mark                     Chief Financial Officer, Funds Mark Vannoy, CPAChief Financial Officer, FundsMr. Vannoy joined Morgan Creek Capital Management, LLC in January 2006 and oversees the financial operations of the fund of funds products. Prior to joining Morgan Creek, Mr. Vannoy’s career consisted of five years with Ernst & Young and KPMG in both the United States and Cayman Islands with a primary focus on offshore captive insurance, hedge funds, venture capital, and early stage start-ups. Mr. Vannoy also spent time with Progress Energy as a business analyst in the merchant trading group providing back office support for gas and power trades, including booking of gas/power swaps, futures and other financial derivative trades and Nortel Networks in the technical accounting group leading the revenue/contract recognition and fair value strategy initiative for the wireline business unit. Mr. Vannoy received his BS in Accounting from North Carolina State University and a Master in Accounting from North Carolina State University. He is a Certified Public Accountant in the state of North Carolina and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“AICPA”) and the North Carolina Association of Certified Public Accountants (“NCACPA”).                                                                                 





       Privacy / Terms MORGAN CREEK is a registered service mark of Morgan Creek Capital Management, LLC. Morgan Creek                        Capital Management is also registered as a trade mark in the United Kingdom (registration number                        UK00003088978). The information on this website is not an offer to sell or solicitation of an                        offer to buy an interest in any investment fund or for the provision of any investment                        management or advisory services. Morgan Creek Capital Management, LLC and its affiliates do not                        offer legal, accounting or tax advice.          Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Business Continuity Plan
     © Copyright 2016 Morgan Creek Capital Management, LLC. All rights                            reserved.              









 







People - Archway Corp













































































 














Alex Moghavem – Chairman
Alex Moghavem began its investments in US and UK real estate in 1973. His UK operation was active until 1978 prior to his move to Los Angeles and included the purchase of various assets in London including the noteworthy building in which the first Hard Rock Café started its business.
In 1974, Alex Moghavem started his activities in Los Angeles. Through Property Management and Diversified Development, Inc. (PMDD) and its affiliated/successor entities his acquisitions since have included various iconic properties in Southern California some of which are listed in the projects section.
 
Sean Moghavem – President 
Sean Moghavem has over thirty years of combined experience in commercial real estate acquisitions, management, entitlement and dispositions as well as venture capital and private equity, and oversees the entire operations of Archway.
Sean Moghavem has been a frequent speaker at Medical Office Real Estate Conferences in California and Arizona and focuses on the repositioning of Medical Office Buildings, Multifamily, Creative Office and other asset classes.
Sean Moghavem has also been a seed investor in many technology startup companies. Some of his companies have been sold to Google and companies controlled by Patrick Soon-Shiong. He also serves as an Independent Trustee for the Morgan Creek Global Equity Long/Short Institutional Fund and the Morgan Creek Series Trust.
Sean Moghavem is a graduate of Beverly Hills High school (Honors Graduate) followed by the University of California Los Angeles (B.A. in Mathematics and Computer Science) and has an MBA from USC focusing on Real Estate, Finance and Business Economics.
 
Afshin Moghavem – CEO
Afshin Moghavem is involved in deal sourcing and oversees investor relations and equity raise activities of Archway. He has an extensive network of relationships within the Los Angeles business community and is a trusted advisor to many investors with whom he works closely to implement a customized investment strategy.
Afshin Moghavem also oversees the family’s consumer product business and investments. He has been a consummate deal maker, creating various businesses in conjunction with renowned multinational companies and private equity groups. He has built and sold numerous businesses starting from his early 20’s.
Afshin Moghavem attended Beverly Hills High School in Los Angeles, Carmel College in England and University of Southern California.
 
Mike Mortazavi – Director of Acquisitions
Mike Mortazavi is the director of acquisitions involved with investment activities including sourcing, underwriting, structuring and financing of investment opportunities for the Firm. He has extensive experience in acquisition, disposition, financing and capitalization of different classes of commercial real estate assets, including office, multi-family, retail, and industrial properties.
Prior to joining Archway, Mike Mortazavi spent over 10 years in California, Toronto, and Dubai working as an Investment Sales broker at Palmer Capital, a prominent boutique capital markets firm, Office Broker at Colliers International, and Managing Partner at the asset management arm of Sunland Group, a publicly traded Australian developer, developing hotels and high-rise residential projects in Dubai.
Mike Mortazavi holds a B.Sc. in Electrical Engineering and an MBA with focus on Finance from Queen’s University in Canada.
 
Jeffrey Moghavem – Director of Asset Management
Jeffrey Moghavem is the Director of Asset Management overseeing a variety of strategic initiatives for Archway’s portfolio including construction, leasing, and property/financial management. He has extensive experience in managing all major asset classes including office, multi-family, retail, and industrial properties.
Prior to joining Archway, Jeffrey Moghavem worked in the Valuation and Advisory Services division of CBRE and at the CMBS Lending division of Cantor Fitzgerald. He also has experience working in the retail projects division of Newmark Merrill and property management division of IDS.
During his time at the University of Southern California, he obtained a B.S. in Business Administration from the Marshall School of Business as well as a minor in Real Estate Development from the Price School of Public Policy. He is also a licensed California Real Estate broker.
 
Troy Lysholm– Finance and Operations
Mr. Lysholm is a 29 year veteran of accounting, business and finance mainly in the Los Angeles area starting as a controller, then moving to COO and finally spending the last 15 years as CFO in real estate and personal care products companies. He received his degree from Concordia College in Moorhead, MN.
 
 
 


 

 












