


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Mutual Fund Research Tool - T. Rowe Price















































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	


















Log Out
Log In

Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers













 
 


























Home
      / Mutual Funds


Print
Email
Text size




Mutual Fund Research Tool


Find T. Rowe Price mutual funds that match your investment goals.

Filter funds by category, objective, or Morningstar rating. Select the appropriate box on the far left-hand side of the tool.


Sort by rolling over a mutual fund and using the arrows to find key information.


Compare key information such as performance and asset allocation by rolling over individual funds and clicking the "Add to Compare" box. Once you choose your funds, click "Compare Now" button for results.



 


For detailed information about each fund, including its risks, click on the mutual fund name. For standardized total returns as of the most recent calendar quarter end, click on the Performance link within the chart below.



Call an Investment Specialist at 800-365-7530.











Show All Mutual Funds
	There  that match: 


		For investors who plan to retire close to a certain year, these "all in one" funds 
		adjust the mix of stocks and bonds throughout the investor's retirement horizon.
	

		Offer long-term growth potential by investing primarily in stocks of U.S. companies—ranging 
		from broadly diversified to sector-specific.
	

		For investors interested in regular income, these funds invest in corporate- and/or government-issued bonds. 
	

		Offer income free of federal and sometimes state and local taxes by investing in bonds 
		issued by municipalities.
	

		Pursue opportunities in many of today's fastest-growing foreign markets—ranging from 
		globally diversified to region- or country-specific.
	

		Offer diversification and income by investing in bonds issued outside the U.S.
	

		Stress capital preservation and may provide some income—best suited for money 
		designated for short-term goals. 
	

		Convenient, one-step mutual funds that combine stocks and bonds to provide a broadly 
		diversified investment. 
	

		Stresses capital preservation and are best suited for investors who may need to use 
		their savings within a couple years or to fund an emergency reserve.
	

		Designed to generate income and may be particularly beneficial for investors looking 
		to supplement their retirement income. 
	

		Designed specifically for retirement goals. Just choose the fund with the year closest
		to when you expect to retire. 
	

		Provide long-term capital growth potential while seeking to reduce the long-term tax burden.
	

		Provide current income that is free from federal and possibly state and local taxes. Best 
		suited for investors in higher tax brackets.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Independent analysts at Morningstar provide their mutual fund picks on a category-by-category basis.
	

		Long-tenured, well-established mutual funds that investors have chosen for over 15 years.
	

		Funds that charge redemption fees.
	

		Funds that are open to new investors.
	




Category

Target Date Funds
 Domestic Stock Funds
 Domestic Bond Funds
 Tax-Free Bond Funds*
 International &Global Stock Funds
 International &Global Bond Funds
 Money Market Funds1,2
 Asset Allocation Funds

Objective

 Tax-Efficient
 Tax-Exempt*

Ranking
Morningstar Rating:

4 & 5 Star Fundsε
 3 Star Fundsε
 1 & 2 Star Fundsε

Fund Attributes

 Open To New Investors
Redemption Fees

Share Class

Investor Class
I Class







Performance
Ratings + Rankings
Management + Objective
Prices + Yields












1 Retail Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.

2 Government Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.


^ The T. Rowe Price Funds-I Class share the portfolio of an existing fund 
(the original share class of the fund is referred to as the "investor class"). 
The total return figures for I Class shares have been calculated using the performance 
data of the investor class up to the inception date of the I Class (shown in the 
performance sub-tab when the fund is hovered over) and the actual performance 
results of the I Class since that date. Because the I Classes are expected to have 
lower expenses than the Investor Classes, the I Class performance, had it existed 
over the periods shown, would have been higher. 
					

						The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
					
* Some income is subject to state and local taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax.


















		Please wait while we load your data.
	





Fund Comparison







 
 


 





















Our Mission Is Simple.
					  Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
					


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement





Feedback

Mobile Solutions
Contact Us








The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

				©Wed Jul 26 19:58:00 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
				All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
			



 
 














Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































Morningstar Premium Research: 2 Weeks Free























































Return to Last Viewed











Seeking Better Returns? Invest in Information.  
Use Morningstar's proprietary ratings to find the right investments for your portfolio.
Test drive our Premium service with 2-full weeks of unlimited access >>













Premium Reports  
Confident decisions are easy with our proven Ratings and Valuations.



Morningstar Premium FREE TRIAL










Premium Screeners 
Compare and contrast your holdings.
Evaluate new investment ideas.



Morningstar Premium FREE TRIAL










See for yourself. 100% FREE access for 2-full weeks >>
If not completely satisfied, cancel anytime for a prorated refund. 




















Wide-Moat Screener for Stocks
Put a moat around your portfolio. Sniff out the most promising opportunities that can ride through any market.









Gold Medalist Screener for Funds
Narrow the available universe of 5000 funds to the top rated gold and silver. Then, sort for manager tenure, expense ratio, risk and return to create your own index-beating fund watchlist.









Premium Analyst Reports
While many of our competitors measure a stock’s worth with a computer program, Morningstar’s staff of 150+ analysts sift through company filings, financial data and a wealth of other sources to deliver an unvarnished review of any investment.











Premium Portfolio Monitor
Make decisions with confidence. Load your investments into our research center and automatically connect to all our proprietary tools and data points.









Mobile
Never be without critical research. Free with your active membership, take our Premium data and guidance wherever you go with Morningstar for iPad®, iPhone®, and Android apps.









Morningstar’s Guarantee
We’re looking out for you. If after your 14-day free trial, you find that a Morningstar Premium membership is not for you, cancel anytime and we’ll be happy to refund the unused portion—no questions asked.















Home











































                  Credit
              

                Ratings
              






                Credit
              

                Ratings
              







































            Ratings / Surveillance
          




            Operational Risk Assessments
          




            Research
          




            Products & Services
          




            Regulatory Affairs
          







Errors

















Latest Research







CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, June



                      The delinquency rate in June edged up to 3.19%, its highest level since December 2015, as the delinquent UPB rose 3.1% from May, while the balance of the universe of securitized commercial mortgages declined. While the delinquency rate could inch...
                    
















Corporate Research: Credit Highlights - Ongoing Trends Unchanged: Corporate Credit Spreads Tighter, Stocks Higher, Volatility Lower 



                      Morningstars weekly Corporate Credit Research Highlights provides credit market insights, credit rating actions and credit notes published over past calendar week as of July 24, 2017.
                    
















CMBS Alert: No Loss Expected After InterContinental Times Square Loan Checks In To Special Servicing



                      While weakening demand and declining room rates are affecting the InterContinental New York Times Square's performance, we believe that bondholders will not suffer a loss after the $188 million securitized loan defaulted on its maturity date. However it..
                    
















CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, June



                      The June payoff rate of maturing loans in CMBS remained below 70% for the second consecutive month, as it ticked up 90 basis points to 65.8% from 64.9% the previous month. While 11 loans with balances above $100 million paid off in June, three large...
                    
















RMBS Commentary: Fannie Mae Seeks to Broaden Investor Base by Structuring CAS Deals as Remics



                      Fannie Mae's proposal to structure its Connecticut Avenue Securities deals as Remics will have no negative impact on the credit risk of these transactions. The hope is that the Remic structure will boost liquidity by broadening the investor base for...
                    
















CMBS Alert: Sears to Close 20 Stores - $550.4 Million in CMBS at Risk



                      About $550.4m of loans in ties could be adversely affected by Sears Holdings Corp.s latest store closures. In its June 23, 2017, filing with the SEC, Seritage Growth Properties disclosed that Sears Holdings plans to terminate its master lease at...
                    


















Latest Structured Finance Ratings







                  Date
                  





                  Transaction Name
                  





                  Type
                  







07/26/2017
Progress 2017-SFR1
RMBS


07/25/2017
Bain Capital Credit CLO 2017-1, Limited
ABS


07/25/2017
GSMS 2017-500K
CMBS


07/25/2017
TPMT 2017-3
RMBS


07/24/2017
HERO Funding 2017-2
ABS


07/19/2017
Verus Securitization Trust 2017-2
RMBS


07/17/2017
CSMC 2017-MOON
CMBS


07/12/2017
Jamestown CLO X Ltd
ABS


07/11/2017
KKR CLO 9
ABS


07/06/2017
CGMS 2017-MDDR
CMBS










Latest Corporate & Financial Institution Ratings







                    Date
                    





                    Company Name
                    





                    Credit Rating
                    





                    Review/Outlook
                    















Operational Risk Rankings







                  Date
                  





                  Entity Name
                  





                  Asset Class
                  





                  Entity Type
                  







07/25/2017

Rialto Capital Advisors


                  Commercial
                

                  Special Servicer
                


07/17/2017

KeyBank, N.A.


                  Commercial
                

                  Master Servicer
                


07/17/2017

KeyBank, N.A.


                  Commercial
                

                  Primary Servicer
                


07/17/2017

KeyBank, N.A.


                  Commercial
                

                  Special Servicer
                


07/17/2017

KeyBank, N.A.


                  Small Balance Commercial
                

                  Primary Servicer
                


















Learn About Us







Receive Free Research


Get Free Trial



Follow Us 

 







About Morningstar Credit Ratings







In the News




Valuing Whole Foods Stores After The $13.7B Amazon Deal


Many Non-QM Borrowers Actually Look Eligible for GSE Loans


With Retail Writhing, Whats The Secret Of A Successful Mall?













Featured Events and Videos









IMN ABS East


                    Schedule a meeting with Morningstar
                  






































          JavaScript and Cookies need to be enabled to show the full capabilities of the Morningstar Credit Ratings website.
        























                  Credit
              

                Ratings
              






                Credit
              

                Ratings
              










































Sign In





Product


CMBS Ratings
CMBS Lead Generator
RMBS Analytics







User Name 







Password 




Forgot your password?  Click here 










Terms and Conditions





Terms of Use


Table of Contents




Terms of Use Generally.
Copyrights, Trademarks and Service Marks.
Privacy Policy.
Access Restrictions.
Content Restrictions.
Links to Other Websites.
Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability; Indemnification; Exclusive Jurisdiction and Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial.
NRSRO Disclosures.
CUSIP® Information.









                            Terms of Use Generally.
                            
These Terms of Use (the "Terms of Use") contain terms, provisions, covenants and conditions to which you are subject when you access or use any or all of this Website.  You are also subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations when you access and use this Website.  References herein to this "Website" means ratingagency.morningstar.com and all of its website content (the "Content"), including, without limitation, any and all credit ratings and other opinions, services, products, software, reports, information, data and other content displayed, provided or accessed by or through ratingagency.morningstar.com.  This Website is the property of, and is operated by, Morningstar Credit Ratings LLC ("Morningstar").  Morningstar is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization ("NRSRO") as defined under applicable United States securities laws, rules and regulations.  At any time the terms "credit ratings", "letter-grade ratings", "rating opinions", "rating outlook" or terms of similar import are used in this Terms of Use, each such term shall include all of the preceding terms collectively, as well as any other rating opinions provided by Morningstar.
Each time you access or use this Website, you thereby acknowledge and agree that you have read, understood and agreed to observe and be bound by the Terms of Use.  If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, you may not use this Website.
The Terms of Use and this Website are subject to revision at any time, from time to time, with or without notice.  In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Terms of Use and this Website are subject to revision by reason of new laws, rules or regulations, or amendments, modifications or other changes to existing laws, rule or regulations, or interpretations thereof, any of which may be implemented or apply to any of the Terms of Use, this Website, NRSROs, Morningstar, or related items or matters at any time and may apply retroactively.  The Terms of Use shall be interpreted, as determined by Morningstar, in a manner to comply with the foregoing.
Your rights to use certain pages or areas of this Website may be subject to a separate subscription or other form of agreement with Morningstar (each, a "Separate Agreement").  Your Separate Agreement governs in the event of any express conflict therein with the Terms of Use unless you receive notice and agree otherwise.  For the avoidance of doubt, if your Separate Agreement is silent on terms covered by this Terms of Use, this Terms of Use governs such terms.  Except as expressly provided by your Separate Agreement(s), if any, the Terms of Use represent your entire agreement with Morningstar with respect to this Website and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written between Morningstar and you with respect to this Website.




                            Copyrights, Trademarks and Service Marks.
                            
All Content is property that is owned by or licensed to Morningstar and is protected by copyright, trademark, service mark and other applicable intellectual property laws.  All trademarks, service marks, images, logos and trade names published by this Website are proprietary to their respective owners and are protected by applicable intellectual property laws.  Morningstar’s name and logo are its registered marks.  Marks used in conjunction with Morningstar services and products are property of Morningstar.  All other marks are the property of their respective owners.  Any unauthorized use thereof is strictly prohibited.  All rights reserved.
Morningstar and its licensors, as applicable, reserve and retain all proprietary rights in or to the Content and do not grant you any express or implied right in any Content.  You may not delete or alter any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary notices from any Content.  Refer to Section 9 of the Terms of Use regarding CUSIP® Information.
You may not copy, reproduce, distribute, redistribute, transfer, transmit, retransmit, disseminate, sell, license, publish, display, broadcast, circulate, recompile, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, modify, alter, frame, store, archive or create any derivative  of any Content without Morningstar’s express written consent.  You may not access or use any Content other than for your private, non-commercial use (and for any such use you shall retain any and all such copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary notices contained therein).




                            Privacy Policy.
                            
Each time you access or use this Website, you agree and consent to the applicability, to you, of Morningstar’s practices regarding the collection, retention and use of data and information from access or use of this Website.
Certain pages of this Website may request that you enter certain personal information, e.g., name, address, e-mail address, employer, job title, department, telephone or facsimile numbers, or other personal identifying information.  Your responses to these requests are voluntary; however, if you do not provide the requested information and that information is required to access or use those pages or that area of this Website, you will not be able to access or use those pages or that area of this Website.
Morningstar will not sell or otherwise disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third parties without your permission, except as provided herein or as required or permitted by applicable law, for example, to comply with a subpoena or regulatory requirement or to protect against fraud or illegal activity.  Morningstar reserves the right to view, review, monitor, record, and analyze data and information from access or use of this Website to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.  Such data and information may be subject to disclosure by or to law enforcement organizations, in connection with criminal investigation, prosecution or other matters, or by or to private parties, in civil litigation or other matters.  Morningstar does not warrant or guarantee confidentiality of any communication, data, information or other item transmitted by means of the internet.  You assume all risk with respect to your access or use of this Website or the internet.
Certain pages or areas of this Website cannot be accessed or used without a valid password.  You are responsible to keep your password confidential and to not permit unauthorized use of this Website by the use of your password.  You will immediately notify Morningstar if you become aware of any loss or theft of your password or any unauthorized use of your password.  Morningstar reserves the right to delete or change a password at any time and for any or no reason.
Morningstar’s collection, retention and use of data and information from access or use of this Website may be undertaken or performed by Morningstar or service providers of Morningstar and may include the collection of domain names and e-mail addresses of Website visitors.  Information may be aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on this Website, pages viewed, and similar information.  Morningstar reserves the right to compile and use aggregate data, and provide such aggregate data to third parties for statistical analysis.  Morningstar may use this information to measure and analyze the use of this Website, to modify the content of this Website or to inform you about Morningstar products and services.
Morningstar may use "cookies" to track your visits to this Website.  A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you.  A cookie functions as an identification card, recording your passwords, purchases and preferences.  A cookie may be used to provide tailored information to you.  Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies.  You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.  For Website pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional.  Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those Website pages.  While Morningstar may use cookies to track your visit to this Website, and our servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, this information does not identify you personally and you remain anonymous unless you have otherwise provided Morningstar with personal information.




                            Access Restrictions.
                            

                                    Each time you access or use this Website, you: (a) acknowledge, understand and agree that you have only a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access or use this Website, at all times and in all events subject to, and conditioned upon your continued compliance with, the Terms of Use and all applicable laws, rules and regulations; (b) represent and warrant to Morningstar that you will not use this Website for any use or purpose that is unlawful or that is otherwise prohibited by the Terms of Use; (c) represent that you are at least 18 years old; and (d) agree not to:
                                    
upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit to this Website: (a) any material that Morningstar deems to be unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, misleading, deceptive, vulgar, offensive, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, hateful or invasive of the rights of any person (individual or entity); or (b) any computer code or file that contains any virus, worm, Trojan horse or other program that is likely to harm or impair this Website or the functioning of this Website;
use any "deep-link," "scraper," "robot," "bot," "spider," "data-mining," "computer code" or any other automated device, program, tool, algorithm, process, or methodology or manual process having similar processes or functionality, to access, acquire, copy, or monitor any portion of this Website;
violate the restrictions in any robot inclusion headers on this Website or in any way bypass or circumvent any other measure employed to limit or prevent access to this Website
violate the security of, or seek unauthorized access to, this Website or any related system, network or server, through hacking, password mining or any other means;
obtain through any means by or through this Website any Content that Morningstar has not intentionally made available publicly or to you under your Separate Agreement;
interfere with the functionality of this Website; or
impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load or burden on this Website or any related system, network or server, or, with respect to each of the foregoing, attempt to do so.


Your use of this website may be subject to sales, use or similar taxes.  If you access or use this Website, Morningstar may invoice you, and you agree to pay, all such taxes that apply to your access and/or use.




                            Content Restrictions.
                            
You acknowledge, understand and agree that: (a) all credit ratings and other opinions, services, products, reports, information, data and other Content are: (i) provided solely for information purposes and not as financial, investment, tax or other advice, (ii) subject to any and all qualifications, limitations and parameters enumerated in any related materials related to such ratings provided by Morningstar, any initial ratings letter and/or subsequent confirmation letters or surveillance information provided by Morningstar, and Morningstar’s policies and procedures and methodology; and (iii) subject to applicable laws, rules and regulation, and you agree to reasonably cooperate with Morningstar in the event your cooperation is needed to comply therewith; and (b) all credit ratings and other opinions and similar or related reports, information, data and other Content are mere opinions, nothing else, and that, with respect thereto, Morningstar does not waive any protections, privileges or defenses available under applicable laws, rules or regulations, including, without limitation, the First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States of America.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that, with respect to all Content that is based on or incorporates information and data provided by third parties ("Third-Party Information") including, without limitation, issuers, sponsors, arrangers, servicers, special servicers, trustees, asset managers, securities administrators, paying agents, data vendors, subcontractors, and other third-party sources of reports, information or data, including, without limitation, engineering reports, environmental reports, appraisals, and rent rolls : (a) each such third party is solely responsible for its respective Third Party Information including, without limitation, the accuracy, completeness or reliability thereof; (b) the provision of Third-Party Information is not intended, does not imply and shall not be construed as any form of recommendation or endorsement of or responsibility for any Third-Party Information; (c) no Third-Party Information has been verified by Morningstar; (d) ALL THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTY OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND; (e) Morningstar has no responsibility or liability for or control over, third-party information; and (f) MORNINGSTAR DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY, REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTIES AND WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) FOR OR WITH RESPECT TO ALL THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that: (a) all and any preliminary or final Third-Party Information is solely for your convenience and may or may not be provided in connection with any transaction; (b) all information contained or incorporated by reference in any Third Party Information may not be accurate as of any date (other than, if applicable, the date set forth therein as the date of the information contained or incorporated by reference therein) and may be outdated, unreliable or inaccurate; (c) no Third Party Information has been updated since the date set forth therein and material events affecting the information contained or incorporated by reference therein may have occurred since such date; (d) Morningstar is under no obligation to supplement, update, provide, correct or disseminate any Third Party Information; (e) Third Party Information shall not constitute a solicitation, recommendation, endorsement or offer by Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives, or anyone else, to buy or sell any security or other financial instrument or investment; and (f) no Third Party Information (i) shall be distributed or redistributed, (ii) is intended for distribution or redistribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution, redistribution or use would violate any applicable law, or (iii) may be relied upon for any purpose.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that: (a) you shall not rely on any Content as any form of advice or in making any financial, investment, tax or other decision or with respect to any other act or omission; (b) you assume sole responsibility and risk for evaluating the merits and risks associated with any financial, investment, tax or other decision based on any Content or any other act or omission based on any content; and (c) although Content may refer or relate to securities or other financial instruments or investments, including, without limitation, pools or loans, or real or other properties, neither you nor anyone else shall construe any Content as: (i) financial, investment, tax or other advice; (ii) a solicitation, recommendation, endorsement or offer by Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives, or anyone else, to buy or sell any security or other financial instrument or investment, including, without limitation, any pool or loan, or real or other properties; or (iii) "investment advice" within the meaning of US Department of Labor regulation 29 C.F.R Section 2510.3-21(c) under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.  With respect to any and all securities or other financial instruments or investments, past performance is not necessarily indicative, and is not guarantee of, future performance or results.
Neither Morningstar nor any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives: (a) provide financial, investment, tax or other advice; (b) shall have any liability to anyone for any Claims (as defined in Section 7.6 of the Terms of Use) that arise from or relate to any financial, investment, tax or other decision, act or omission based on any Content; or (c) is or shall be considered to be an investment adviser, investment manager or fiduciary, to any anyone, including, without limitation, any employee benefit plan or other plan, or otherwise.  You shall not in any manner state, suggest or imply that Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives has acted or is acting as an investment adviser, investment manager or fiduciary to you or anyone else.  You understand that Morningstar has not consented to, and will not consent to, (i) being named an "expert" under the federal securities laws including, without limitation, Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, or (ii) the integration, publication, inclusion or reference of any ratings, analysis or other information pertaining to Morningstar and/or the ratings contemplated hereunder in any prospectuses or registration statements or otherwise integrated or used in a manner that could impede  (i) or (ii) of this sentence.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that in connection with any letter-grade ratings or rating outlook or similar opinion provided by Morningstar, you shall solely consider such rating opinion based on the qualifications, procedures, methodology and caveats corresponding to such rating opinion as set forth on this website, including, without limitation the Morningstar Analysis and Considerations link at ratingagency.morningstar.com and Ratings Reports at ratingagency.morningstar.com and/or in the related ratings letters, related reports or other communication provided by Morningstar on the website or by other means determined by Morningstar.  You agree that you have reviewed and understand such qualifications, procedures, methodology and caveats and related items as they relate to any rating opinion you have viewed.   Any rating opinion should not be considered without an understanding and review of the preceding factors.  In addition, you understand and agree that any rating opinions, analysis, projections, observations, Content or other items constituting part of any information provided by Morningstar on this website or otherwise are and must be construed solely as statements of opinion and not statements of fact.




                            Links to Other Websites.
                            
Morningstar may provide links to other websites or Third-Party Information.  You acknowledge, understand and agree that, with respect to such links, other websites or Third-Party Information: (a) Morningstar has no responsibility or liability therefore or control thereof including, without limitation, the accuracy, completeness or reliability thereof; (b) Morningstar’s provision thereof is not intended, does not imply and shall not be construed as any form of recommendation or endorsement thereof or responsibility therefore; (c) no such other link or website or Third-Party Information has been verified by Morningstar; (d) EACH SUCH OTHER LINK, WEBSITE OR THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTY OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND; and (e) MORNINGSTAR DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY, REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTIES AND WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) FOR OR WITH RESPECT TO ALL SUCH OTHER LINKS, WEBSITES OR THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION. ALL TERMS, PROVISIONS, COVENANTS, CONDITIONS, RESTRICTIONS, DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH THEREIN OR IN THE TERMS OF USE APPLY THERETO.




                            Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability; Indemnification; Exclusive Jurisdiction and Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial.
                            
THIS WEBSITE AND ALL CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTY OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. MORNINGSTAR, AND ITS INFORMATION OR SERVICE PROVIDERS, DO NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY, REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTIES AND WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) FOR OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL OF THE FOLLOWING (COLLECTIVELY, THE "NON-WARRANTED MATTERS"): (A) THIS WEBSITE; (B) ALL CONTENT; (C) ANY FINANCIAL, INVESTMENT, TAX OR OTHER DECISION, ACT OR OMISSION MADE IN RELIANCE ON OR BASED ON ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT; (D) WHETHER ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT INFRINGES UPON ANY COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARK, SERVICE MARK OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR OTHER PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY OR IS DEFAMATORY TO OR INVASIVE OF ANY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY; (E) ANY ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, OR CORRECT SEQUENCING, OR ANY FAILURES, DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES, OF ANY OR ALL CREDIT RATINGS, OTHER OPINIONS, SERVICES, PRODUCTS, SOFTWARE, REPORTS, INFORMATION, DATA AND OTHER CONTENT, WHETHER ORIGINATED BY MORNINGSTAR, LICENSED BY MORNINGSTAR FROM ANY SUCH INFORMATION OR SERVICE PROVIDER, OBTAINED BY MORNINGSTAR FROM THIRD PARTIES OR PUBLICLY-AVAILABLE SOURCES, OR OTHERWISE; OR (F) ANY AND ALL ACCESS TO OR USE OF ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WHETHER ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT SHALL BE FREE OF (I) FAILURES, DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES, OR (II) ANY COMPUTER CODE OR FILE THAT CONTAINS ANY VIRUS, WORM, TROJAN HORSE OR OTHER PROGRAM THAT MAY HARM, IMPAIR OR BE DETRIMENTAL TO ANY OTHER COMPUTER, SYSTEM, SERVER OR NETWORK.
You waive, release and relinquish, and shall have no recourse against Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives for, any and all Claims (as defined in Section 7.6 of the Terms of Use) arising from or related to any or all of the Non-Warranted Matters.
In the event that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Terms of Use, Morningstar shall be held liable to you with respect to any such Claims, Morningstar’s liability to you shall not exceed the amount of the fees you actually paid to Morningstar during the one-month period immediately preceding the date when the first such Claim shall have arisen.  In no event shall Morningstar be liable for any incidental, special, indirect, consequential, reliance, punitive or other exemplary damages, including, without limitation, any loss of profits, data or interest, any penalties or assessments imposed under applicable laws or otherwise.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Morningstar and its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants and other representatives for any and all third-party claims for Claims arising from or related to any breach or violation by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of the Terms of Use or any access or use by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of this Website or any Content for any use or purpose that is unlawful or otherwise prohibited by the Terms of Use.  Morningstar reserves the right to assume the control and defense of any such matter.  In the event that Morningstar shall assume the control and defense of any such matter, you shall cooperate with Morningstar in this regard including, without limitation, in the assertion of defenses and mandatory counterclaims therein.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, with respect to any Claims arising from or related to any breach or violation by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of the Terms of Use or any access or use by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of this Website or any Content, you: (a) consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal court located closest to Morningstar’s principal place of business; (b) waive any objection (including, without limitation, any based upon grounds of "forum non conveniens") that you now or hereafter may have to such jurisdiction or venue; and (c) waive any right to trial by jury of any Claim arising from or in connection with your access or use of this Website or Content, whether now existing or hereafter arising, and whether sounding in contract, warranty, tort or otherwise.
In the Terms of Use, "Claims" shall mean all actions, causes of action, claims, demands, duties, liabilities, obligations, judgments, fines, penalties, damages, losses, fees, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’, consultant’s and expert witness’ fees, costs and expenses.
Morningstar shall have no responsibility or liability for any event of "force majeure" under applicable law or any other failures, delays, interruptions, errors, omissions, or inaccuracies with respect to this Website, including, without limitation, all services, products, software and other Content that was caused by any reason or event reason or event beyond Morningstar’s reasonable control, including, without limitation, any natural calamity, act of God or a public enemy, act of any military, civil or regulatory authority, change in any law or regulation, disruption or outage of communications, utility or other power or any other failure to perform by any internet, information or service provider or any other person (individual or entity).
Morningstar’s failure to insist on strict performance of any of the Terms of Use shall not operate as a waiver of any other of the Terms of Use.  The terms and provisions of the Terms of Use are severable, such that, if any term or provision hereof shall be held invalid or unenforceable, the other terms and provisions shall remain valid and enforceable.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that the terms and conditions herein shall survive any termination of your right of access to or use of the materials identified herein.




                            NRSRO Disclosures.
                            
Morningstar publishes its current Form NRSRO and Exhibits thereto on this Website.  Form NRSRO Exhibit 2 sets forth Morningstar’s definitions of its letter-grade credit ratings and its rating outlooks and a general description of Morningstar’s credit rating procedures and methodologies.  These definitions, procedures and methodologies are an integral part of Morningstar’s letter-grade credit ratings and rating outlooks published on this Website.
An NRSRO must disclose on its website its rating actions for ten percent (10%) of its credit ratings, selected on a random basis, for each class of securities for which it is registered as an NRSRO and has 500 or more outstanding issuer-paid credit ratings, with each required disclosure of a new rating action to be made no later than six months after the rating action was taken.  Rule 17g-2(d)(2).
An NRSRO must disclose on its website all rating actions for any credit rating initially determined by the NRSRO on or after June 26, 2007 within: (a) 12 months for issuer-paid credit ratings; and (b) 24 months for other (e.g., unsolicited or subscriber-paid) credit ratings.  Rule 17g-2(d)(3)(i).
An NRSRO must: (a) maintain on a password-protected website (i) a list of each structured finance security for which it is currently in the process of determining an initial credit rating that was paid for by the issuer, sponsor, or underwriter, and (ii) the website address where the issuer, sponsor, or underwriter of the security represents that the ratings information can be accessed; and (b) provide free and unlimited access to such password-protected website to any NRSRO that provides it with a copy of the required certification.  Rules 17g-5(a)(3); 17g-5(e).
You agree that you shall not access or use any Content published or disclosed on this Website pursuant to, or as required by, United States securities laws, rules and regulations applicable to NRSROs other than as specifically and expressly permitted and contemplated by such laws, rules and regulations.
All restrictions, disclaimers and limitations of liability set forth in the Terms of Use apply to all Content published or disclosed on this Website pursuant to, or as required by, United States securities laws, rules and regulations applicable to NRSROs but are not intended and shall not be construed to restrict access to or use of any such Content as specifically and expressly permitted and contemplated by such laws, rules and regulations.




                            CUSIP® Information.
                            
CUSIP® is a registered trademark of the American Bankers Association ("ABA").  CUSIP identifiers have been provided by CUSIP Global Services ("CGS"), formerly known as CUSIP Service Bureau, managed by Standard & Poor’s Financial Services, on behalf of the ABA and are not for use or dissemination in a manner that would serve as a substitute for any CUSIP Service.  The CUSIP Database, © 2010 American Bankers Association.  CUSIP information, such as security identifiers and related descriptive information (the "CUSIP Database"), is protected under copyright laws.  From time to time, Morningstar obtains CUSIP information from Third-Party Information.
Certain SEC rules applicable to NRSROs may require an NRSRO to maintain a record of CUSIP information of securities rated by the NRSRO and to publish CUSIP information of securities rated by the NRSRO for which a rating, rating history, rating action or other information is made publicly available on its website (collectively, the "Ratings History").
You acknowledge, understand and agree that the CUSIP Database and all CUSIP information contained therein is and shall remain valuable intellectual property owned by, or licensed to, CGS and the ABA, and that no proprietary rights are being transferred to you in such materials or in any of the information contained therein.  Any use by you outside of the clearing and settlement of transactions requires a license from CGS, along with an associated fee based on usage.  You agree that misappropriation or misuse of such materials will cause serious damage to CGS and ABA, and that in such event money damages may not constitute sufficient compensation to CGS and ABA; consequently, you agree that in the event of any misappropriation or misuse, CGS and ABA shall have the right to obtain injunctive relief in addition to any other remedies to which CGS and ABA may be entitled.  You agree that you shall not publish or distribute in any medium the CUSIP Database or any CUSIP information contained therein or summaries or subsets thereof to any person (individual or entity) except in connection with the normal clearing and settlement of security transactions.  You agree that the use of CUSIP numbers and descriptions is not intended to create or maintain, and does not serve the purpose of the creation or maintenance of, a master file or database of CUSIP descriptions or numbers for itself or any third-party recipient of such service and is not intended to create and does not serve in any way as a substitute for any current or future services developed by CGS.
You acknowledge and understand that certain information will be provided to CGS in connection with your downloading, or access or use, of the CUSIP Database and CUSIP information contained therein, which may include your IP address, number of bytes downloaded, phone and e-mail address. This information will be used solely for purposes of monitoring compliance with these Terms of Use.  This information will be stored securely in the U.S. and may be reviewed and corrected by contacting cusip_custservice@cusip.com. For additional information about CGS’s Customer Privacy practices, please go to www.cusip.com.
NEITHER CGS, ABA NOR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES MAKE ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE CUSIP DATABASE.  ALL SUCH MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED TO VISITORS AND USERS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES AS TO MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE NOR WITH RESPECT TO THE RESULTS WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF SUCH MATERIALS.  NEITHER CGS, ABA NOR THEIR AFFILIATES SHALL HAVE ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS NOR SHALL THEY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL, EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE LIABILITY OF CGS, ABA OR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES PURSUANT TO ANY CAUSE OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE FEE PAID BY VISITOR FOR ACCESS TO SUCH MATERIALS IN THE MONTH IN WHICH SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS ALLEGED TO HAVE ARISEN. FURTHERMORE, CGS AND ABA SHALL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR DELAYS OR FAILURES DUE TO CIRCUMSTANCES BEYOND THEIR CONTROL.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that the foregoing terms and conditions shall survive any termination of your right of access to or use of the materials identified above.











Accept
Decline






Email Verification







Email Address 







 











NRSRO Login







User Name 







Password 







Login
Cancel













© 2017 Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC. All rights reserved.






 About Us 


 News & Events 


Careers 



            Terms Of Use
            



          Privacy Policy
        


 Contact Us 



 












        Turn on switch to see debug info.
      


        JavaScript and Cookies need to be enabled to show the full capabilities of the Morningstar Credit Ratings website.
      



        JavaScript and Cookies need to be enabled to show the full capabilities of the Morningstar Credit Ratings website.
      








About Us










































                  Credit
              

                Ratings
              






                Credit
              

                Ratings
              







































            Ratings / Surveillance
          




            Operational Risk Assessments
          




            Research
          




            Products & Services
          




            Regulatory Affairs
          







Errors


















About Us | About Us









About Us            




Executive Leadership
        



CMBS Leadership
        



RMBS/Single Family Rental Leadership
        



ABS Leadership
        



Corporate and Financial Inst. Leadership
        



Operational Risk Assessments Leadership
        



Products & Solutions Sales
        



Compliance
        










Key Facts


Headquartered in New York City, with offices in Chicago, Pennsylvania and Mumbai.
Registered by the SEC as a nationally recognized statistical rating organization (NRSRO)
Morningstar Credit Ratings qualifies as a “Rating Agency” as defined by the United States Department of Labor (DOL) in its amended requirements for the Exemption From Certain Prohibited Transaction Restrictions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA).
National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) Acceptable Rating Organization

Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization (NRSRO) that has earned a reputation for innovation and excellence.
           Our goal is to help institutional investors identify and understand credit risk. Our analytical approach stresses transparency of the ratings process, strong fundamental credit analysis, and comprehensive investor-focused reporting that provides a concise Morningstar perspective on credit risk. 
Our ratings business currently covers commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS), residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS), agency credit risk transfer securities (CRT), single-family rental securities (SFR), asset-backed securities (ABS), collateralized loan obligations (CLO), corporate and financial institution ratings and real estate investment trusts (REIT). 
Our Mission
Morningstar’s mission is to create great products that help investors. We accomplish this by providing unbiased and trustworthy credit ratings and credit risk analysis. 
How We Help Investors
Morningstar’s credit analysis helps investors make better-informed investment decisions. Our analysis is based on a thorough understanding of critical risk factors which allows our analysts to develop clear and concise opinions that focus investors on the credit risks that truly matter. 
What We Provide Investors
Our knowledgeable analytical staff, investor relations team, and business development staff provides investors and issuers with comprehensive credit analysis, unprecedented responsiveness, and the highest level of customer service. We also provide investors with access to research and analytical services, data, and technology solutions.

Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC is a subsidiary of Morningstar, Inc. (NASDAQ: MORN), a leading provider of independent investment research in North America, Europe, Australia, and Asia.
Morningstar, Inc. offers an extensive line of products and services for individual investors, financial advisors, asset managers, retirement plan providers and sponsors, and institutional investors in the private capital markets. Morningstar provides data and research insights on a wide range of investment offerings, including managed investment products, publicly listed companies, private capital markets, and real-time global market data. Morningstar also offers investment management services through its investment advisory subsidiaries, with more than $200 billion in assets under advisement and management as of Dec. 31, 2016. The company has operations in 27 countries. Morningstar, Inc. is not an NRSRO and does not issue NRSRO credit ratings.
        













          JavaScript and Cookies need to be enabled to show the full capabilities of the Morningstar Credit Ratings website.
        























                  Credit
              

                Ratings
              






                Credit
              

                Ratings
              










































Sign In





Product


CMBS Ratings
CMBS Lead Generator
RMBS Analytics







User Name 







Password 




Forgot your password?  Click here 










Terms and Conditions





Terms of Use


Table of Contents




Terms of Use Generally.
Copyrights, Trademarks and Service Marks.
Privacy Policy.
Access Restrictions.
Content Restrictions.
Links to Other Websites.
Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability; Indemnification; Exclusive Jurisdiction and Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial.
NRSRO Disclosures.
CUSIP® Information.









                            Terms of Use Generally.
                            
These Terms of Use (the "Terms of Use") contain terms, provisions, covenants and conditions to which you are subject when you access or use any or all of this Website.  You are also subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations when you access and use this Website.  References herein to this "Website" means ratingagency.morningstar.com and all of its website content (the "Content"), including, without limitation, any and all credit ratings and other opinions, services, products, software, reports, information, data and other content displayed, provided or accessed by or through ratingagency.morningstar.com.  This Website is the property of, and is operated by, Morningstar Credit Ratings LLC ("Morningstar").  Morningstar is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization ("NRSRO") as defined under applicable United States securities laws, rules and regulations.  At any time the terms "credit ratings", "letter-grade ratings", "rating opinions", "rating outlook" or terms of similar import are used in this Terms of Use, each such term shall include all of the preceding terms collectively, as well as any other rating opinions provided by Morningstar.
Each time you access or use this Website, you thereby acknowledge and agree that you have read, understood and agreed to observe and be bound by the Terms of Use.  If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, you may not use this Website.
The Terms of Use and this Website are subject to revision at any time, from time to time, with or without notice.  In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Terms of Use and this Website are subject to revision by reason of new laws, rules or regulations, or amendments, modifications or other changes to existing laws, rule or regulations, or interpretations thereof, any of which may be implemented or apply to any of the Terms of Use, this Website, NRSROs, Morningstar, or related items or matters at any time and may apply retroactively.  The Terms of Use shall be interpreted, as determined by Morningstar, in a manner to comply with the foregoing.
Your rights to use certain pages or areas of this Website may be subject to a separate subscription or other form of agreement with Morningstar (each, a "Separate Agreement").  Your Separate Agreement governs in the event of any express conflict therein with the Terms of Use unless you receive notice and agree otherwise.  For the avoidance of doubt, if your Separate Agreement is silent on terms covered by this Terms of Use, this Terms of Use governs such terms.  Except as expressly provided by your Separate Agreement(s), if any, the Terms of Use represent your entire agreement with Morningstar with respect to this Website and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written between Morningstar and you with respect to this Website.




                            Copyrights, Trademarks and Service Marks.
                            
All Content is property that is owned by or licensed to Morningstar and is protected by copyright, trademark, service mark and other applicable intellectual property laws.  All trademarks, service marks, images, logos and trade names published by this Website are proprietary to their respective owners and are protected by applicable intellectual property laws.  Morningstar’s name and logo are its registered marks.  Marks used in conjunction with Morningstar services and products are property of Morningstar.  All other marks are the property of their respective owners.  Any unauthorized use thereof is strictly prohibited.  All rights reserved.
Morningstar and its licensors, as applicable, reserve and retain all proprietary rights in or to the Content and do not grant you any express or implied right in any Content.  You may not delete or alter any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary notices from any Content.  Refer to Section 9 of the Terms of Use regarding CUSIP® Information.
You may not copy, reproduce, distribute, redistribute, transfer, transmit, retransmit, disseminate, sell, license, publish, display, broadcast, circulate, recompile, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, modify, alter, frame, store, archive or create any derivative  of any Content without Morningstar’s express written consent.  You may not access or use any Content other than for your private, non-commercial use (and for any such use you shall retain any and all such copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary notices contained therein).




                            Privacy Policy.
                            
Each time you access or use this Website, you agree and consent to the applicability, to you, of Morningstar’s practices regarding the collection, retention and use of data and information from access or use of this Website.
Certain pages of this Website may request that you enter certain personal information, e.g., name, address, e-mail address, employer, job title, department, telephone or facsimile numbers, or other personal identifying information.  Your responses to these requests are voluntary; however, if you do not provide the requested information and that information is required to access or use those pages or that area of this Website, you will not be able to access or use those pages or that area of this Website.
Morningstar will not sell or otherwise disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third parties without your permission, except as provided herein or as required or permitted by applicable law, for example, to comply with a subpoena or regulatory requirement or to protect against fraud or illegal activity.  Morningstar reserves the right to view, review, monitor, record, and analyze data and information from access or use of this Website to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.  Such data and information may be subject to disclosure by or to law enforcement organizations, in connection with criminal investigation, prosecution or other matters, or by or to private parties, in civil litigation or other matters.  Morningstar does not warrant or guarantee confidentiality of any communication, data, information or other item transmitted by means of the internet.  You assume all risk with respect to your access or use of this Website or the internet.
Certain pages or areas of this Website cannot be accessed or used without a valid password.  You are responsible to keep your password confidential and to not permit unauthorized use of this Website by the use of your password.  You will immediately notify Morningstar if you become aware of any loss or theft of your password or any unauthorized use of your password.  Morningstar reserves the right to delete or change a password at any time and for any or no reason.
Morningstar’s collection, retention and use of data and information from access or use of this Website may be undertaken or performed by Morningstar or service providers of Morningstar and may include the collection of domain names and e-mail addresses of Website visitors.  Information may be aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on this Website, pages viewed, and similar information.  Morningstar reserves the right to compile and use aggregate data, and provide such aggregate data to third parties for statistical analysis.  Morningstar may use this information to measure and analyze the use of this Website, to modify the content of this Website or to inform you about Morningstar products and services.
Morningstar may use "cookies" to track your visits to this Website.  A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you.  A cookie functions as an identification card, recording your passwords, purchases and preferences.  A cookie may be used to provide tailored information to you.  Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies.  You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.  For Website pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional.  Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those Website pages.  While Morningstar may use cookies to track your visit to this Website, and our servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, this information does not identify you personally and you remain anonymous unless you have otherwise provided Morningstar with personal information.




                            Access Restrictions.
                            

                                    Each time you access or use this Website, you: (a) acknowledge, understand and agree that you have only a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access or use this Website, at all times and in all events subject to, and conditioned upon your continued compliance with, the Terms of Use and all applicable laws, rules and regulations; (b) represent and warrant to Morningstar that you will not use this Website for any use or purpose that is unlawful or that is otherwise prohibited by the Terms of Use; (c) represent that you are at least 18 years old; and (d) agree not to:
                                    
upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit to this Website: (a) any material that Morningstar deems to be unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, misleading, deceptive, vulgar, offensive, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, hateful or invasive of the rights of any person (individual or entity); or (b) any computer code or file that contains any virus, worm, Trojan horse or other program that is likely to harm or impair this Website or the functioning of this Website;
use any "deep-link," "scraper," "robot," "bot," "spider," "data-mining," "computer code" or any other automated device, program, tool, algorithm, process, or methodology or manual process having similar processes or functionality, to access, acquire, copy, or monitor any portion of this Website;
violate the restrictions in any robot inclusion headers on this Website or in any way bypass or circumvent any other measure employed to limit or prevent access to this Website
violate the security of, or seek unauthorized access to, this Website or any related system, network or server, through hacking, password mining or any other means;
obtain through any means by or through this Website any Content that Morningstar has not intentionally made available publicly or to you under your Separate Agreement;
interfere with the functionality of this Website; or
impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load or burden on this Website or any related system, network or server, or, with respect to each of the foregoing, attempt to do so.


Your use of this website may be subject to sales, use or similar taxes.  If you access or use this Website, Morningstar may invoice you, and you agree to pay, all such taxes that apply to your access and/or use.




                            Content Restrictions.
                            
You acknowledge, understand and agree that: (a) all credit ratings and other opinions, services, products, reports, information, data and other Content are: (i) provided solely for information purposes and not as financial, investment, tax or other advice, (ii) subject to any and all qualifications, limitations and parameters enumerated in any related materials related to such ratings provided by Morningstar, any initial ratings letter and/or subsequent confirmation letters or surveillance information provided by Morningstar, and Morningstar’s policies and procedures and methodology; and (iii) subject to applicable laws, rules and regulation, and you agree to reasonably cooperate with Morningstar in the event your cooperation is needed to comply therewith; and (b) all credit ratings and other opinions and similar or related reports, information, data and other Content are mere opinions, nothing else, and that, with respect thereto, Morningstar does not waive any protections, privileges or defenses available under applicable laws, rules or regulations, including, without limitation, the First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States of America.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that, with respect to all Content that is based on or incorporates information and data provided by third parties ("Third-Party Information") including, without limitation, issuers, sponsors, arrangers, servicers, special servicers, trustees, asset managers, securities administrators, paying agents, data vendors, subcontractors, and other third-party sources of reports, information or data, including, without limitation, engineering reports, environmental reports, appraisals, and rent rolls : (a) each such third party is solely responsible for its respective Third Party Information including, without limitation, the accuracy, completeness or reliability thereof; (b) the provision of Third-Party Information is not intended, does not imply and shall not be construed as any form of recommendation or endorsement of or responsibility for any Third-Party Information; (c) no Third-Party Information has been verified by Morningstar; (d) ALL THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTY OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND; (e) Morningstar has no responsibility or liability for or control over, third-party information; and (f) MORNINGSTAR DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY, REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTIES AND WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) FOR OR WITH RESPECT TO ALL THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that: (a) all and any preliminary or final Third-Party Information is solely for your convenience and may or may not be provided in connection with any transaction; (b) all information contained or incorporated by reference in any Third Party Information may not be accurate as of any date (other than, if applicable, the date set forth therein as the date of the information contained or incorporated by reference therein) and may be outdated, unreliable or inaccurate; (c) no Third Party Information has been updated since the date set forth therein and material events affecting the information contained or incorporated by reference therein may have occurred since such date; (d) Morningstar is under no obligation to supplement, update, provide, correct or disseminate any Third Party Information; (e) Third Party Information shall not constitute a solicitation, recommendation, endorsement or offer by Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives, or anyone else, to buy or sell any security or other financial instrument or investment; and (f) no Third Party Information (i) shall be distributed or redistributed, (ii) is intended for distribution or redistribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution, redistribution or use would violate any applicable law, or (iii) may be relied upon for any purpose.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that: (a) you shall not rely on any Content as any form of advice or in making any financial, investment, tax or other decision or with respect to any other act or omission; (b) you assume sole responsibility and risk for evaluating the merits and risks associated with any financial, investment, tax or other decision based on any Content or any other act or omission based on any content; and (c) although Content may refer or relate to securities or other financial instruments or investments, including, without limitation, pools or loans, or real or other properties, neither you nor anyone else shall construe any Content as: (i) financial, investment, tax or other advice; (ii) a solicitation, recommendation, endorsement or offer by Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives, or anyone else, to buy or sell any security or other financial instrument or investment, including, without limitation, any pool or loan, or real or other properties; or (iii) "investment advice" within the meaning of US Department of Labor regulation 29 C.F.R Section 2510.3-21(c) under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.  With respect to any and all securities or other financial instruments or investments, past performance is not necessarily indicative, and is not guarantee of, future performance or results.
Neither Morningstar nor any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives: (a) provide financial, investment, tax or other advice; (b) shall have any liability to anyone for any Claims (as defined in Section 7.6 of the Terms of Use) that arise from or relate to any financial, investment, tax or other decision, act or omission based on any Content; or (c) is or shall be considered to be an investment adviser, investment manager or fiduciary, to any anyone, including, without limitation, any employee benefit plan or other plan, or otherwise.  You shall not in any manner state, suggest or imply that Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives has acted or is acting as an investment adviser, investment manager or fiduciary to you or anyone else.  You understand that Morningstar has not consented to, and will not consent to, (i) being named an "expert" under the federal securities laws including, without limitation, Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, or (ii) the integration, publication, inclusion or reference of any ratings, analysis or other information pertaining to Morningstar and/or the ratings contemplated hereunder in any prospectuses or registration statements or otherwise integrated or used in a manner that could impede  (i) or (ii) of this sentence.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that in connection with any letter-grade ratings or rating outlook or similar opinion provided by Morningstar, you shall solely consider such rating opinion based on the qualifications, procedures, methodology and caveats corresponding to such rating opinion as set forth on this website, including, without limitation the Morningstar Analysis and Considerations link at ratingagency.morningstar.com and Ratings Reports at ratingagency.morningstar.com and/or in the related ratings letters, related reports or other communication provided by Morningstar on the website or by other means determined by Morningstar.  You agree that you have reviewed and understand such qualifications, procedures, methodology and caveats and related items as they relate to any rating opinion you have viewed.   Any rating opinion should not be considered without an understanding and review of the preceding factors.  In addition, you understand and agree that any rating opinions, analysis, projections, observations, Content or other items constituting part of any information provided by Morningstar on this website or otherwise are and must be construed solely as statements of opinion and not statements of fact.




                            Links to Other Websites.
                            
Morningstar may provide links to other websites or Third-Party Information.  You acknowledge, understand and agree that, with respect to such links, other websites or Third-Party Information: (a) Morningstar has no responsibility or liability therefore or control thereof including, without limitation, the accuracy, completeness or reliability thereof; (b) Morningstar’s provision thereof is not intended, does not imply and shall not be construed as any form of recommendation or endorsement thereof or responsibility therefore; (c) no such other link or website or Third-Party Information has been verified by Morningstar; (d) EACH SUCH OTHER LINK, WEBSITE OR THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTY OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND; and (e) MORNINGSTAR DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY, REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTIES AND WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) FOR OR WITH RESPECT TO ALL SUCH OTHER LINKS, WEBSITES OR THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION. ALL TERMS, PROVISIONS, COVENANTS, CONDITIONS, RESTRICTIONS, DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH THEREIN OR IN THE TERMS OF USE APPLY THERETO.




                            Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability; Indemnification; Exclusive Jurisdiction and Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial.
                            
THIS WEBSITE AND ALL CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTY OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. MORNINGSTAR, AND ITS INFORMATION OR SERVICE PROVIDERS, DO NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY, REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTIES AND WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) FOR OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL OF THE FOLLOWING (COLLECTIVELY, THE "NON-WARRANTED MATTERS"): (A) THIS WEBSITE; (B) ALL CONTENT; (C) ANY FINANCIAL, INVESTMENT, TAX OR OTHER DECISION, ACT OR OMISSION MADE IN RELIANCE ON OR BASED ON ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT; (D) WHETHER ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT INFRINGES UPON ANY COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARK, SERVICE MARK OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR OTHER PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY OR IS DEFAMATORY TO OR INVASIVE OF ANY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY; (E) ANY ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, OR CORRECT SEQUENCING, OR ANY FAILURES, DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES, OF ANY OR ALL CREDIT RATINGS, OTHER OPINIONS, SERVICES, PRODUCTS, SOFTWARE, REPORTS, INFORMATION, DATA AND OTHER CONTENT, WHETHER ORIGINATED BY MORNINGSTAR, LICENSED BY MORNINGSTAR FROM ANY SUCH INFORMATION OR SERVICE PROVIDER, OBTAINED BY MORNINGSTAR FROM THIRD PARTIES OR PUBLICLY-AVAILABLE SOURCES, OR OTHERWISE; OR (F) ANY AND ALL ACCESS TO OR USE OF ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WHETHER ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT SHALL BE FREE OF (I) FAILURES, DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES, OR (II) ANY COMPUTER CODE OR FILE THAT CONTAINS ANY VIRUS, WORM, TROJAN HORSE OR OTHER PROGRAM THAT MAY HARM, IMPAIR OR BE DETRIMENTAL TO ANY OTHER COMPUTER, SYSTEM, SERVER OR NETWORK.
You waive, release and relinquish, and shall have no recourse against Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives for, any and all Claims (as defined in Section 7.6 of the Terms of Use) arising from or related to any or all of the Non-Warranted Matters.
In the event that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Terms of Use, Morningstar shall be held liable to you with respect to any such Claims, Morningstar’s liability to you shall not exceed the amount of the fees you actually paid to Morningstar during the one-month period immediately preceding the date when the first such Claim shall have arisen.  In no event shall Morningstar be liable for any incidental, special, indirect, consequential, reliance, punitive or other exemplary damages, including, without limitation, any loss of profits, data or interest, any penalties or assessments imposed under applicable laws or otherwise.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Morningstar and its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants and other representatives for any and all third-party claims for Claims arising from or related to any breach or violation by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of the Terms of Use or any access or use by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of this Website or any Content for any use or purpose that is unlawful or otherwise prohibited by the Terms of Use.  Morningstar reserves the right to assume the control and defense of any such matter.  In the event that Morningstar shall assume the control and defense of any such matter, you shall cooperate with Morningstar in this regard including, without limitation, in the assertion of defenses and mandatory counterclaims therein.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, with respect to any Claims arising from or related to any breach or violation by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of the Terms of Use or any access or use by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of this Website or any Content, you: (a) consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal court located closest to Morningstar’s principal place of business; (b) waive any objection (including, without limitation, any based upon grounds of "forum non conveniens") that you now or hereafter may have to such jurisdiction or venue; and (c) waive any right to trial by jury of any Claim arising from or in connection with your access or use of this Website or Content, whether now existing or hereafter arising, and whether sounding in contract, warranty, tort or otherwise.
In the Terms of Use, "Claims" shall mean all actions, causes of action, claims, demands, duties, liabilities, obligations, judgments, fines, penalties, damages, losses, fees, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’, consultant’s and expert witness’ fees, costs and expenses.
Morningstar shall have no responsibility or liability for any event of "force majeure" under applicable law or any other failures, delays, interruptions, errors, omissions, or inaccuracies with respect to this Website, including, without limitation, all services, products, software and other Content that was caused by any reason or event reason or event beyond Morningstar’s reasonable control, including, without limitation, any natural calamity, act of God or a public enemy, act of any military, civil or regulatory authority, change in any law or regulation, disruption or outage of communications, utility or other power or any other failure to perform by any internet, information or service provider or any other person (individual or entity).
Morningstar’s failure to insist on strict performance of any of the Terms of Use shall not operate as a waiver of any other of the Terms of Use.  The terms and provisions of the Terms of Use are severable, such that, if any term or provision hereof shall be held invalid or unenforceable, the other terms and provisions shall remain valid and enforceable.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that the terms and conditions herein shall survive any termination of your right of access to or use of the materials identified herein.




                            NRSRO Disclosures.
                            
Morningstar publishes its current Form NRSRO and Exhibits thereto on this Website.  Form NRSRO Exhibit 2 sets forth Morningstar’s definitions of its letter-grade credit ratings and its rating outlooks and a general description of Morningstar’s credit rating procedures and methodologies.  These definitions, procedures and methodologies are an integral part of Morningstar’s letter-grade credit ratings and rating outlooks published on this Website.
An NRSRO must disclose on its website its rating actions for ten percent (10%) of its credit ratings, selected on a random basis, for each class of securities for which it is registered as an NRSRO and has 500 or more outstanding issuer-paid credit ratings, with each required disclosure of a new rating action to be made no later than six months after the rating action was taken.  Rule 17g-2(d)(2).
An NRSRO must disclose on its website all rating actions for any credit rating initially determined by the NRSRO on or after June 26, 2007 within: (a) 12 months for issuer-paid credit ratings; and (b) 24 months for other (e.g., unsolicited or subscriber-paid) credit ratings.  Rule 17g-2(d)(3)(i).
An NRSRO must: (a) maintain on a password-protected website (i) a list of each structured finance security for which it is currently in the process of determining an initial credit rating that was paid for by the issuer, sponsor, or underwriter, and (ii) the website address where the issuer, sponsor, or underwriter of the security represents that the ratings information can be accessed; and (b) provide free and unlimited access to such password-protected website to any NRSRO that provides it with a copy of the required certification.  Rules 17g-5(a)(3); 17g-5(e).
You agree that you shall not access or use any Content published or disclosed on this Website pursuant to, or as required by, United States securities laws, rules and regulations applicable to NRSROs other than as specifically and expressly permitted and contemplated by such laws, rules and regulations.
All restrictions, disclaimers and limitations of liability set forth in the Terms of Use apply to all Content published or disclosed on this Website pursuant to, or as required by, United States securities laws, rules and regulations applicable to NRSROs but are not intended and shall not be construed to restrict access to or use of any such Content as specifically and expressly permitted and contemplated by such laws, rules and regulations.




                            CUSIP® Information.
                            
CUSIP® is a registered trademark of the American Bankers Association ("ABA").  CUSIP identifiers have been provided by CUSIP Global Services ("CGS"), formerly known as CUSIP Service Bureau, managed by Standard & Poor’s Financial Services, on behalf of the ABA and are not for use or dissemination in a manner that would serve as a substitute for any CUSIP Service.  The CUSIP Database, © 2010 American Bankers Association.  CUSIP information, such as security identifiers and related descriptive information (the "CUSIP Database"), is protected under copyright laws.  From time to time, Morningstar obtains CUSIP information from Third-Party Information.
Certain SEC rules applicable to NRSROs may require an NRSRO to maintain a record of CUSIP information of securities rated by the NRSRO and to publish CUSIP information of securities rated by the NRSRO for which a rating, rating history, rating action or other information is made publicly available on its website (collectively, the "Ratings History").
You acknowledge, understand and agree that the CUSIP Database and all CUSIP information contained therein is and shall remain valuable intellectual property owned by, or licensed to, CGS and the ABA, and that no proprietary rights are being transferred to you in such materials or in any of the information contained therein.  Any use by you outside of the clearing and settlement of transactions requires a license from CGS, along with an associated fee based on usage.  You agree that misappropriation or misuse of such materials will cause serious damage to CGS and ABA, and that in such event money damages may not constitute sufficient compensation to CGS and ABA; consequently, you agree that in the event of any misappropriation or misuse, CGS and ABA shall have the right to obtain injunctive relief in addition to any other remedies to which CGS and ABA may be entitled.  You agree that you shall not publish or distribute in any medium the CUSIP Database or any CUSIP information contained therein or summaries or subsets thereof to any person (individual or entity) except in connection with the normal clearing and settlement of security transactions.  You agree that the use of CUSIP numbers and descriptions is not intended to create or maintain, and does not serve the purpose of the creation or maintenance of, a master file or database of CUSIP descriptions or numbers for itself or any third-party recipient of such service and is not intended to create and does not serve in any way as a substitute for any current or future services developed by CGS.
You acknowledge and understand that certain information will be provided to CGS in connection with your downloading, or access or use, of the CUSIP Database and CUSIP information contained therein, which may include your IP address, number of bytes downloaded, phone and e-mail address. This information will be used solely for purposes of monitoring compliance with these Terms of Use.  This information will be stored securely in the U.S. and may be reviewed and corrected by contacting cusip_custservice@cusip.com. For additional information about CGS’s Customer Privacy practices, please go to www.cusip.com.
NEITHER CGS, ABA NOR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES MAKE ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE CUSIP DATABASE.  ALL SUCH MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED TO VISITORS AND USERS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES AS TO MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE NOR WITH RESPECT TO THE RESULTS WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF SUCH MATERIALS.  NEITHER CGS, ABA NOR THEIR AFFILIATES SHALL HAVE ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS NOR SHALL THEY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL, EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE LIABILITY OF CGS, ABA OR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES PURSUANT TO ANY CAUSE OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE FEE PAID BY VISITOR FOR ACCESS TO SUCH MATERIALS IN THE MONTH IN WHICH SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS ALLEGED TO HAVE ARISEN. FURTHERMORE, CGS AND ABA SHALL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR DELAYS OR FAILURES DUE TO CIRCUMSTANCES BEYOND THEIR CONTROL.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that the foregoing terms and conditions shall survive any termination of your right of access to or use of the materials identified above.











Accept
Decline






Email Verification







Email Address 







 











NRSRO Login







User Name 







Password 







Login
Cancel













© 2017 Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC. All rights reserved.






 About Us 


 News & Events 


Careers 



            Terms Of Use
            



          Privacy Policy
        


 Contact Us 



 












        Turn on switch to see debug info.
      


        JavaScript and Cookies need to be enabled to show the full capabilities of the Morningstar Credit Ratings website.
      



        JavaScript and Cookies need to be enabled to show the full capabilities of the Morningstar Credit Ratings website.
      








Research










































                  Credit
              

                Ratings
              






                Credit
              

                Ratings
              







































            Ratings / Surveillance
          




            Operational Risk Assessments
          




            Research
          




            Products & Services
          




            Regulatory Affairs
          







Errors

















Research | Structured Finance










                        Date
                        





                        Report Name
                        





                        Asset Class
                        







07/26/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, June

CMBS


07/20/2017

CMBS Alert: No Loss Expected After InterContinental Times Square Loan Checks In To Special Servicing

CMBS


07/12/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, June

CMBS


07/06/2017

RMBS Commentary: Fannie Mae Seeks to Broaden Investor Base by Structuring CAS Deals as Remics

RMBS


06/29/2017

CMBS Alert: Sears to Close 20 Stores - $550.4 Million in CMBS at Risk

CMBS


06/29/2017

RMBS Research: Non-Qualified Mortgages are not the New Subprime

RMBS


06/28/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, June

RMBS


06/28/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, June

RMBS


06/26/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, May

CMBS


06/19/2017

CMBS Alert: Searching for a Smaller Size--Ascena Retail Group Closures Put $279.7 Million in CMBS at Risk

CMBS


06/13/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, May

CMBS


06/01/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, April

CMBS


05/31/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, May

RMBS


05/31/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, May

RMBS


05/30/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, April

CMBS


05/24/2017

CMBS Alert: Ruing the Day it Opened So Many Stores--Potential Rue21 Closures Put $100.7 Million in CMBS at Risk

CMBS


05/22/2017

CMBS Research: Mall Monitor-Experiential Offerings Benefit Malls as Shoppers Become Less Clothes-Minded

CMBS


05/22/2017

CMBS Research: Urgent-Care Centers--The Cure for Ailing Real Estate or Just a Bandage

CMBS


05/18/2017

CMBS Alert: Seeking Renewable Energy-Surge in Sublease Space Jeopardizes $73.9 Million Houston Office Loan

CMBS


05/08/2017

CMBS Research: Surf, Sand, and CMBS--Securitized Hotels in Hawaii

CMBS


05/05/2017

CMBS Alert: Long Corridors and Few Shoppers Illustrate the Slow Demise of Susquehanna Valley Mall

CMBS


05/02/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, March

CMBS


04/28/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, April

RMBS


04/28/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, April

RMBS


04/28/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, March

CMBS


04/26/2017

RMBS Research: With Few Bulk Buying Opportunities, Rental Home Buyers Shift Focus to Southeast

RMBS


04/26/2017

CMBS Research: Refi Madness--Factors That Improve Refinancing Prospects for Mall-Backed Loans

CMBS


04/07/2017

CMBS Alert: Bankruptcy Filing Socks Payless ShoeSource 

CMBS


03/30/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, February

CMBS


03/30/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, March

RMBS


03/30/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, March

RMBS


03/29/2017

CMBS Alert: Has Marsh Supermarkets Passed its Sell-By Date?

CMBS


03/24/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, February

CMBS


03/22/2017

CMBS Alert: J.C. Penney Hoists Anchor; $885 Million in CMBS at Risk

CMBS


03/15/2017

CMBS Alert: Gander Mountain Co. Shoots Itself in the Foot; Bankruptcy Filing Puts CMBS Loans at Risk

CMBS


03/13/2017

CMBS Alert: RadioShack’s Bankruptcy Filing--A Blip on CMBS Performance

CMBS


03/13/2017

CMBS Research: Why Policy Matters—An Examination of the Stamford, Connecticut, Office Market

CMBS


03/08/2017

CMBS Alert: Hhgregg Pulls the Plug on 91 Locations and Files for Bankruptcy Protection, Leaving 10 Loans with Higher Default Risk

CMBS


03/08/2017

CMBS Alert: More Clicks, Less Bricks--J.C. Penney Company, Inc.’s Announced Store Closures Could Affect $7.29 Billion in CMBS

CMBS


02/28/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, January

CMBS


02/28/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, February

RMBS


02/28/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, February

RMBS


02/24/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, January

CMBS


02/21/2017

CMBS Alert: MC Sports' Bankruptcy Filing Poses Little Risk to CMBS Loans

CMBS


02/17/2017

CLO Commentary: Refinancing Poses Limited Additional Credit Risk to CLO Combination Notes

ABS


02/15/2017

CMBS Alert: Gander Mountain Co.’s Potential Bankruptcy Puts 29 CMBS Loans in the Crosshairs

CMBS


02/14/2017

ABS Research: Clearing the Air - Addressing Three Misconceptions of PACE

ABS


02/08/2017

CMBS Alert: Eastern Mountain Sports’ Parent Pulls Up Stakes; Eight CMBS Loans Exposed

CMBS


02/01/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, January

RMBS


02/01/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, January

RMBS


01/31/2017

CMBS Alert: Out of the Loop–Occupancy Woes Raise Risk on $75 Million Chicago Office Loan

CMBS


01/26/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, December

CMBS


01/26/2017

RMBS Commentary: Rising Interest Rates to Reduce Residential Mortgage Prepayments

RMBS


01/25/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, December

CMBS


01/19/2017

CMBS Alert: Macy's and Sears Closings Could Affect $2.39 Billion in CMBS Loans

CMBS


01/12/2017

CMBS Research: Sharing the Experience—As Co-Working Grows, the Office Isn't Necessarily an Office Anymore

CMBS


12/29/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, December

RMBS


12/29/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, December

RMBS


12/23/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, November

CMBS


12/19/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, November

CMBS


12/12/2016

Fixed-Income Research: Foreign Investors to Continue Purchasing U.S. Agency and Corporate Debt

RMBS


12/09/2016

CMBS Alert: Houston, We Have a Problem--City Tops November Morningstar Watchlist Additions

CMBS


12/02/2016

CMBS Alert: Impending Risk Retention Rule May Hamper Liquidity for Maturing CMBS Loans

CMBS


11/30/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, November

RMBS


11/30/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, November

RMBS


11/29/2016

CMBS Alert: Sales Slump at Hhgregg; Repositioning Could Affect $2.64 Billion in CMBS Loans

CMBS


11/21/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, October

CMBS


11/16/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, October

CMBS


10/31/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, October

RMBS


10/31/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, October

RMBS


10/27/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, September

CMBS


10/21/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, September

CMBS


10/20/2016

CMBS Alert: Hurricane Matthew Elevates Risk for 533 Properties Backing CMBS Loans

CMBS


10/11/2016

CMBS Alert: For-Profit College Accreditor Fails Out; $401 Million in CMBS Potentially Affected

CMBS


10/10/2016

CMBS Research: Mall Monitor - Examining the State of U.S. Malls With Attention to Retail

CMBS


09/29/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, September

RMBS


09/29/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, September

RMBS


09/27/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, August

CMBS


09/23/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, August

CMBS


09/19/2016

CMBS Alert: Golfsmith Fails to Make the Cut; $365.5 million of CMBS Exposure

CMBS


09/19/2016

RMBS Commentary: Excess Cash Flow in Reperforming - Loan RMBS Transactions

RMBS


09/16/2016

RMBS Alert: Pending Maturity Dates May Lead to Further Repayments

RMBS


09/07/2016

CMBS Alert: Flooding in Louisiana Creates Uncertainties for 302 Properties Backing CMBS Loans

CMBS


08/31/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, August

RMBS


08/31/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, August

RMBS


08/31/2016

CMBS Alert: Office Depot Stores on the Chopping Block Put $956.6 Million in CMBS Loans at Risk

CMBS


08/29/2016

CMBS Alert: The Department of Education Takes ITT to School; $123.1 Million in CMBS Affected

CMBS


08/17/2016

CMBS Alert: Macy’s Announced Store Closures Turns Up the Heat on $3.64 Billion in CMBS

CMBS


08/11/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, July

CMBS


08/10/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, July

CMBS


08/04/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Property Releases in Single-Family Rental Transactions Pose Minimal Credit Risk

RMBS


07/29/2016

CMBS Alert: Hastings Entertainment Liquidation Sales Begin; 19 Loans Have Exposure

CMBS


07/29/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, July

RMBS


07/29/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, July

RMBS


07/27/2016

RMBS Research: Increasing Rents on Single-Family Properties Suggest Robust Tenant Demand

RMBS


07/22/2016

CMBS Alert: Impending Maturity for Overleveraged Central Park Shopping Center Loan Looms Large

CMBS


07/20/2016

CMBS Alert: $1.44 Billion in CMBS Loans Backed by Properties with Ralph Lauren as Tenant

CMBS


07/19/2016

RMBS Commentary: With Private-Label RMBS Stymied, Nontraditional Deals Highlight Market Activity

RMBS


07/18/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, June

CMBS


07/13/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, June

CMBS


06/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, June

RMBS


06/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Tables, June

RMBS


06/27/2016

Structured-Finance Research: State of the U.S. Consumer--Please Sir, Can You Lend Me Some More

ABS


06/10/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, May

CMBS


06/09/2016

CMBS Alert: Mind the Gap--Falling Revenue Create Uncertainties for CMBS Loans Exposed to Gap, Inc.

CMBS


06/09/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, May

CMBS


05/31/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, May

RMBS


05/31/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary, May

RMBS


05/31/2016

CMBS Research: Ballooning Supply Looms Over $3.68 Billion in CMBS Backed by Manhattan Hotels

CMBS


05/26/2016

CMBS Research:  Double Secret Probation–For-Profit Colleges’ Uncertain Future Heightens CMBS Default Risk

CMBS


05/20/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, April

CMBS


05/19/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, April

CMBS


05/16/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Benchmarking Expenses and Net Cash Flow in Single-Family Rental Securitizations

RMBS


05/12/2016

ABS Commentary: Timeshare Business Spin-Offs Won’t Leave ABS Stranded

ABS


05/11/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Enhanced Underwriting for New Breed of Single-Family,  Single-Property Investor Loans

RMBS


05/05/2016

CMBS Research: Texas Commercial Real Estate Market Withstands Oil Bust

CMBS


04/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental – Performance Summary Report, April 

RMBS


04/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental – Performance Summary Tables, April 

RMBS


04/27/2016

CMBS Alert: Anchors Aweigh: Substantial Losses Likely for Postcrisis Hudson Valley Mall Loan as Vacancy Continues to Climb

CMBS


04/27/2016

CMBS Alert: The Clock Runs Out on Sports Authority With $3.72 Billion in CMBS Exposure, $729.5 Million at Risk

CMBS


04/25/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, March

CMBS


04/25/2016

CMBS Alert: Sears Shrinks Footprint: Nine Loans in CMBS, Five with Elevated Default Risk

CMBS


04/20/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, March

CMBS


04/18/2016

CMBS Alert: Sporting Goods Shakeout: Sport Chalet Parent Files for Bankruptcy Protection; 11 CMBS Loans Exposed

CMBS


04/08/2016

RMBS Research: Despite Headaches for Originators, TRID Impact to Securitization Appears Limited

RMBS


04/01/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, February

CMBS


04/01/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, February

CMBS


03/31/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental - Performance Summary Report, March

RMBS


03/31/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental - Performance Summary Tables, March

RMBS


03/09/2016

CMBS Alert: Sports Authority Exits the Field, Leaving Six CMBS Loans with Higher Default Risk

CMBS


03/03/2016

CMBS Alert: Second-Largest Tenant in Houston Office Building Misses Debt Payment

CMBS


03/01/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, January

CMBS


02/29/2016

RMBS Research: Resurgence of Nonagency Single-Property Investor Loans

RMBS


02/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental - Performance Summary Report, February

RMBS


02/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental - Performance Summary Tables, February 

RMBS


02/29/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, January

CMBS


02/29/2016

ABS Commentary: Impact of Slowing Global Trade on Shipping Container-Backed ABS

ABS


02/29/2016

RMBS Commentary: Rents Increase in Single-Family Rental

RMBS


02/23/2016

CMBS Commentary: Wine or Vinegar: How Have 2016 and 2017 Maturing Loans Aged?

CMBS


02/17/2016

CMBS Alert: Recent Sears Closings Affect Just One CMBS Loan

CMBS


02/17/2016

CMBS Alert: Sears and Kmart Loans_February

CMBS


02/16/2016

ABS Commentary: Longevity Not the Primary Risk to Every Life Settlement ABS

ABS


02/11/2016

CMBS Alert: Buffet Operator Closes Restaurants Helps Itself to Just One CMBS Loan

CMBS


02/08/2016

CMBS Alert: Expected Sports Authority Bankruptcy Filing Hikes Risk to CMBS Loans

CMBS


02/08/2016

CMBS Alert: Sports Authority Loans_January

CMBS


02/05/2016

CMBS Alert: Sewing Materials Retailer Hancock Fabrics Unravels

CMBS


01/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental - Performance Summary Report, January

RMBS


01/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental - Performance Summary Tables, January

RMBS


01/29/2016

CMBS Surveillance:  Maturity Report, December

CMBS


01/26/2016

CMBS Surveillance - Delinquency Report, December

CMBS


01/21/2016

ABS Commentary: Taking a Dip in a Concentrated Pool, Analyzing Big-Ticket Commercial Asset Financings

ABS


01/15/2016

ABS Commentary: Nontraditional ABS Poised for Strong Issuance in 2016

ABS


01/12/2016

CMBS Alert: Macy's Slims Down - Morningstar Expects More Store Closings

CMBS


01/05/2016

RMBS Research: Jumbo Issuance Remains Sluggish; As Goes Jumbo, so Goes RMBS, January

RMBS


12/30/2015

CMBS Alert: North Dakota Going South

CMBS


12/30/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, December

RMBS


12/30/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Tables, December 

RMBS


12/29/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, November

CMBS


12/17/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Market Update 

RMBS


12/17/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, November

CMBS


12/10/2015

CMBS Alert: Two City Place Energy Tenant Hits Oil Slick

CMBS


12/08/2015

CMBS Alert: $114.6 Million CityWest Loan Gets Drilled

CMBS


12/04/2015

CMBS Alert: Colony Square Reportedly Gets Recapitalized

CMBS


11/30/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, November

RMBS


11/30/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Tables, November

RMBS


11/25/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, October

CMBS


11/23/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, October

CMBS


11/05/2015

CMBS Alert: Limited Effect on CMBS from Bankrupt Grocer Fresh & Easy

CMBS


11/03/2015

CMBS Alert: Recapitalization Coming for Bush Terminal

CMBS


10/29/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, October

RMBS


10/29/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Tables, October

RMBS


10/29/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, September

CMBS


10/27/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, September

CMBS


10/21/2015

RMBS Research: Issuance of Single-Family Rental Securitizations Tops $13 Billion

RMBS


10/06/2015

CMBS Alert: South Carolina Flooding

CMBS


10/06/2015

CMBS Alert: South Carolina Flooding Loans

CMBS


09/30/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, September

RMBS


09/30/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Tables, September

RMBS


09/24/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, August

CMBS


09/21/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, August

CMBS


09/14/2015

ABS Research: Evaluating the Role of Representations and Warranties in Marketplace-Lending Securitizations

ABS


09/03/2015

CMBS Research: Tenant Issues Mount for Maple Drive Portfolio CMBS Loan

CMBS


08/31/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, August

RMBS


08/31/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Tables, August

RMBS


08/27/2015

ABS Research: Credit Strength of Junior Notes in Structured-Settlement

ABS


08/25/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, July

CMBS


08/20/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, July

CMBS


08/04/2015

ABS Research: Challenges in Marketplace Lending ABS

ABS


07/31/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, June

CMBS


07/29/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, July

RMBS


07/29/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Tables, July

RMBS















          JavaScript and Cookies need to be enabled to show the full capabilities of the Morningstar Credit Ratings website.
        























                  Credit
              

                Ratings
              






                Credit
              

                Ratings
              










































Sign In





Product


CMBS Ratings
CMBS Lead Generator
RMBS Analytics







User Name 







Password 




Forgot your password?  Click here 










Terms and Conditions





Terms of Use


Table of Contents




Terms of Use Generally.
Copyrights, Trademarks and Service Marks.
Privacy Policy.
Access Restrictions.
Content Restrictions.
Links to Other Websites.
Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability; Indemnification; Exclusive Jurisdiction and Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial.
NRSRO Disclosures.
CUSIP® Information.









                            Terms of Use Generally.
                            
These Terms of Use (the "Terms of Use") contain terms, provisions, covenants and conditions to which you are subject when you access or use any or all of this Website.  You are also subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations when you access and use this Website.  References herein to this "Website" means ratingagency.morningstar.com and all of its website content (the "Content"), including, without limitation, any and all credit ratings and other opinions, services, products, software, reports, information, data and other content displayed, provided or accessed by or through ratingagency.morningstar.com.  This Website is the property of, and is operated by, Morningstar Credit Ratings LLC ("Morningstar").  Morningstar is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization ("NRSRO") as defined under applicable United States securities laws, rules and regulations.  At any time the terms "credit ratings", "letter-grade ratings", "rating opinions", "rating outlook" or terms of similar import are used in this Terms of Use, each such term shall include all of the preceding terms collectively, as well as any other rating opinions provided by Morningstar.
Each time you access or use this Website, you thereby acknowledge and agree that you have read, understood and agreed to observe and be bound by the Terms of Use.  If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, you may not use this Website.
The Terms of Use and this Website are subject to revision at any time, from time to time, with or without notice.  In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Terms of Use and this Website are subject to revision by reason of new laws, rules or regulations, or amendments, modifications or other changes to existing laws, rule or regulations, or interpretations thereof, any of which may be implemented or apply to any of the Terms of Use, this Website, NRSROs, Morningstar, or related items or matters at any time and may apply retroactively.  The Terms of Use shall be interpreted, as determined by Morningstar, in a manner to comply with the foregoing.
Your rights to use certain pages or areas of this Website may be subject to a separate subscription or other form of agreement with Morningstar (each, a "Separate Agreement").  Your Separate Agreement governs in the event of any express conflict therein with the Terms of Use unless you receive notice and agree otherwise.  For the avoidance of doubt, if your Separate Agreement is silent on terms covered by this Terms of Use, this Terms of Use governs such terms.  Except as expressly provided by your Separate Agreement(s), if any, the Terms of Use represent your entire agreement with Morningstar with respect to this Website and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written between Morningstar and you with respect to this Website.




                            Copyrights, Trademarks and Service Marks.
                            
All Content is property that is owned by or licensed to Morningstar and is protected by copyright, trademark, service mark and other applicable intellectual property laws.  All trademarks, service marks, images, logos and trade names published by this Website are proprietary to their respective owners and are protected by applicable intellectual property laws.  Morningstar’s name and logo are its registered marks.  Marks used in conjunction with Morningstar services and products are property of Morningstar.  All other marks are the property of their respective owners.  Any unauthorized use thereof is strictly prohibited.  All rights reserved.
Morningstar and its licensors, as applicable, reserve and retain all proprietary rights in or to the Content and do not grant you any express or implied right in any Content.  You may not delete or alter any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary notices from any Content.  Refer to Section 9 of the Terms of Use regarding CUSIP® Information.
You may not copy, reproduce, distribute, redistribute, transfer, transmit, retransmit, disseminate, sell, license, publish, display, broadcast, circulate, recompile, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, modify, alter, frame, store, archive or create any derivative  of any Content without Morningstar’s express written consent.  You may not access or use any Content other than for your private, non-commercial use (and for any such use you shall retain any and all such copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary notices contained therein).




                            Privacy Policy.
                            
Each time you access or use this Website, you agree and consent to the applicability, to you, of Morningstar’s practices regarding the collection, retention and use of data and information from access or use of this Website.
Certain pages of this Website may request that you enter certain personal information, e.g., name, address, e-mail address, employer, job title, department, telephone or facsimile numbers, or other personal identifying information.  Your responses to these requests are voluntary; however, if you do not provide the requested information and that information is required to access or use those pages or that area of this Website, you will not be able to access or use those pages or that area of this Website.
Morningstar will not sell or otherwise disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third parties without your permission, except as provided herein or as required or permitted by applicable law, for example, to comply with a subpoena or regulatory requirement or to protect against fraud or illegal activity.  Morningstar reserves the right to view, review, monitor, record, and analyze data and information from access or use of this Website to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.  Such data and information may be subject to disclosure by or to law enforcement organizations, in connection with criminal investigation, prosecution or other matters, or by or to private parties, in civil litigation or other matters.  Morningstar does not warrant or guarantee confidentiality of any communication, data, information or other item transmitted by means of the internet.  You assume all risk with respect to your access or use of this Website or the internet.
Certain pages or areas of this Website cannot be accessed or used without a valid password.  You are responsible to keep your password confidential and to not permit unauthorized use of this Website by the use of your password.  You will immediately notify Morningstar if you become aware of any loss or theft of your password or any unauthorized use of your password.  Morningstar reserves the right to delete or change a password at any time and for any or no reason.
Morningstar’s collection, retention and use of data and information from access or use of this Website may be undertaken or performed by Morningstar or service providers of Morningstar and may include the collection of domain names and e-mail addresses of Website visitors.  Information may be aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on this Website, pages viewed, and similar information.  Morningstar reserves the right to compile and use aggregate data, and provide such aggregate data to third parties for statistical analysis.  Morningstar may use this information to measure and analyze the use of this Website, to modify the content of this Website or to inform you about Morningstar products and services.
Morningstar may use "cookies" to track your visits to this Website.  A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you.  A cookie functions as an identification card, recording your passwords, purchases and preferences.  A cookie may be used to provide tailored information to you.  Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies.  You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.  For Website pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional.  Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those Website pages.  While Morningstar may use cookies to track your visit to this Website, and our servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, this information does not identify you personally and you remain anonymous unless you have otherwise provided Morningstar with personal information.




                            Access Restrictions.
                            

                                    Each time you access or use this Website, you: (a) acknowledge, understand and agree that you have only a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access or use this Website, at all times and in all events subject to, and conditioned upon your continued compliance with, the Terms of Use and all applicable laws, rules and regulations; (b) represent and warrant to Morningstar that you will not use this Website for any use or purpose that is unlawful or that is otherwise prohibited by the Terms of Use; (c) represent that you are at least 18 years old; and (d) agree not to:
                                    
upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit to this Website: (a) any material that Morningstar deems to be unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, misleading, deceptive, vulgar, offensive, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, hateful or invasive of the rights of any person (individual or entity); or (b) any computer code or file that contains any virus, worm, Trojan horse or other program that is likely to harm or impair this Website or the functioning of this Website;
use any "deep-link," "scraper," "robot," "bot," "spider," "data-mining," "computer code" or any other automated device, program, tool, algorithm, process, or methodology or manual process having similar processes or functionality, to access, acquire, copy, or monitor any portion of this Website;
violate the restrictions in any robot inclusion headers on this Website or in any way bypass or circumvent any other measure employed to limit or prevent access to this Website
violate the security of, or seek unauthorized access to, this Website or any related system, network or server, through hacking, password mining or any other means;
obtain through any means by or through this Website any Content that Morningstar has not intentionally made available publicly or to you under your Separate Agreement;
interfere with the functionality of this Website; or
impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load or burden on this Website or any related system, network or server, or, with respect to each of the foregoing, attempt to do so.


Your use of this website may be subject to sales, use or similar taxes.  If you access or use this Website, Morningstar may invoice you, and you agree to pay, all such taxes that apply to your access and/or use.




                            Content Restrictions.
                            
You acknowledge, understand and agree that: (a) all credit ratings and other opinions, services, products, reports, information, data and other Content are: (i) provided solely for information purposes and not as financial, investment, tax or other advice, (ii) subject to any and all qualifications, limitations and parameters enumerated in any related materials related to such ratings provided by Morningstar, any initial ratings letter and/or subsequent confirmation letters or surveillance information provided by Morningstar, and Morningstar’s policies and procedures and methodology; and (iii) subject to applicable laws, rules and regulation, and you agree to reasonably cooperate with Morningstar in the event your cooperation is needed to comply therewith; and (b) all credit ratings and other opinions and similar or related reports, information, data and other Content are mere opinions, nothing else, and that, with respect thereto, Morningstar does not waive any protections, privileges or defenses available under applicable laws, rules or regulations, including, without limitation, the First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States of America.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that, with respect to all Content that is based on or incorporates information and data provided by third parties ("Third-Party Information") including, without limitation, issuers, sponsors, arrangers, servicers, special servicers, trustees, asset managers, securities administrators, paying agents, data vendors, subcontractors, and other third-party sources of reports, information or data, including, without limitation, engineering reports, environmental reports, appraisals, and rent rolls : (a) each such third party is solely responsible for its respective Third Party Information including, without limitation, the accuracy, completeness or reliability thereof; (b) the provision of Third-Party Information is not intended, does not imply and shall not be construed as any form of recommendation or endorsement of or responsibility for any Third-Party Information; (c) no Third-Party Information has been verified by Morningstar; (d) ALL THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTY OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND; (e) Morningstar has no responsibility or liability for or control over, third-party information; and (f) MORNINGSTAR DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY, REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTIES AND WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) FOR OR WITH RESPECT TO ALL THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that: (a) all and any preliminary or final Third-Party Information is solely for your convenience and may or may not be provided in connection with any transaction; (b) all information contained or incorporated by reference in any Third Party Information may not be accurate as of any date (other than, if applicable, the date set forth therein as the date of the information contained or incorporated by reference therein) and may be outdated, unreliable or inaccurate; (c) no Third Party Information has been updated since the date set forth therein and material events affecting the information contained or incorporated by reference therein may have occurred since such date; (d) Morningstar is under no obligation to supplement, update, provide, correct or disseminate any Third Party Information; (e) Third Party Information shall not constitute a solicitation, recommendation, endorsement or offer by Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives, or anyone else, to buy or sell any security or other financial instrument or investment; and (f) no Third Party Information (i) shall be distributed or redistributed, (ii) is intended for distribution or redistribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution, redistribution or use would violate any applicable law, or (iii) may be relied upon for any purpose.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that: (a) you shall not rely on any Content as any form of advice or in making any financial, investment, tax or other decision or with respect to any other act or omission; (b) you assume sole responsibility and risk for evaluating the merits and risks associated with any financial, investment, tax or other decision based on any Content or any other act or omission based on any content; and (c) although Content may refer or relate to securities or other financial instruments or investments, including, without limitation, pools or loans, or real or other properties, neither you nor anyone else shall construe any Content as: (i) financial, investment, tax or other advice; (ii) a solicitation, recommendation, endorsement or offer by Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives, or anyone else, to buy or sell any security or other financial instrument or investment, including, without limitation, any pool or loan, or real or other properties; or (iii) "investment advice" within the meaning of US Department of Labor regulation 29 C.F.R Section 2510.3-21(c) under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.  With respect to any and all securities or other financial instruments or investments, past performance is not necessarily indicative, and is not guarantee of, future performance or results.
Neither Morningstar nor any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives: (a) provide financial, investment, tax or other advice; (b) shall have any liability to anyone for any Claims (as defined in Section 7.6 of the Terms of Use) that arise from or relate to any financial, investment, tax or other decision, act or omission based on any Content; or (c) is or shall be considered to be an investment adviser, investment manager or fiduciary, to any anyone, including, without limitation, any employee benefit plan or other plan, or otherwise.  You shall not in any manner state, suggest or imply that Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives has acted or is acting as an investment adviser, investment manager or fiduciary to you or anyone else.  You understand that Morningstar has not consented to, and will not consent to, (i) being named an "expert" under the federal securities laws including, without limitation, Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, or (ii) the integration, publication, inclusion or reference of any ratings, analysis or other information pertaining to Morningstar and/or the ratings contemplated hereunder in any prospectuses or registration statements or otherwise integrated or used in a manner that could impede  (i) or (ii) of this sentence.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that in connection with any letter-grade ratings or rating outlook or similar opinion provided by Morningstar, you shall solely consider such rating opinion based on the qualifications, procedures, methodology and caveats corresponding to such rating opinion as set forth on this website, including, without limitation the Morningstar Analysis and Considerations link at ratingagency.morningstar.com and Ratings Reports at ratingagency.morningstar.com and/or in the related ratings letters, related reports or other communication provided by Morningstar on the website or by other means determined by Morningstar.  You agree that you have reviewed and understand such qualifications, procedures, methodology and caveats and related items as they relate to any rating opinion you have viewed.   Any rating opinion should not be considered without an understanding and review of the preceding factors.  In addition, you understand and agree that any rating opinions, analysis, projections, observations, Content or other items constituting part of any information provided by Morningstar on this website or otherwise are and must be construed solely as statements of opinion and not statements of fact.




                            Links to Other Websites.
                            
Morningstar may provide links to other websites or Third-Party Information.  You acknowledge, understand and agree that, with respect to such links, other websites or Third-Party Information: (a) Morningstar has no responsibility or liability therefore or control thereof including, without limitation, the accuracy, completeness or reliability thereof; (b) Morningstar’s provision thereof is not intended, does not imply and shall not be construed as any form of recommendation or endorsement thereof or responsibility therefore; (c) no such other link or website or Third-Party Information has been verified by Morningstar; (d) EACH SUCH OTHER LINK, WEBSITE OR THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTY OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND; and (e) MORNINGSTAR DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY, REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTIES AND WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) FOR OR WITH RESPECT TO ALL SUCH OTHER LINKS, WEBSITES OR THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION. ALL TERMS, PROVISIONS, COVENANTS, CONDITIONS, RESTRICTIONS, DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH THEREIN OR IN THE TERMS OF USE APPLY THERETO.




                            Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability; Indemnification; Exclusive Jurisdiction and Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial.
                            
THIS WEBSITE AND ALL CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTY OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. MORNINGSTAR, AND ITS INFORMATION OR SERVICE PROVIDERS, DO NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY, REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTIES AND WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) FOR OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL OF THE FOLLOWING (COLLECTIVELY, THE "NON-WARRANTED MATTERS"): (A) THIS WEBSITE; (B) ALL CONTENT; (C) ANY FINANCIAL, INVESTMENT, TAX OR OTHER DECISION, ACT OR OMISSION MADE IN RELIANCE ON OR BASED ON ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT; (D) WHETHER ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT INFRINGES UPON ANY COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARK, SERVICE MARK OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR OTHER PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY OR IS DEFAMATORY TO OR INVASIVE OF ANY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY; (E) ANY ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, OR CORRECT SEQUENCING, OR ANY FAILURES, DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES, OF ANY OR ALL CREDIT RATINGS, OTHER OPINIONS, SERVICES, PRODUCTS, SOFTWARE, REPORTS, INFORMATION, DATA AND OTHER CONTENT, WHETHER ORIGINATED BY MORNINGSTAR, LICENSED BY MORNINGSTAR FROM ANY SUCH INFORMATION OR SERVICE PROVIDER, OBTAINED BY MORNINGSTAR FROM THIRD PARTIES OR PUBLICLY-AVAILABLE SOURCES, OR OTHERWISE; OR (F) ANY AND ALL ACCESS TO OR USE OF ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WHETHER ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT SHALL BE FREE OF (I) FAILURES, DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES, OR (II) ANY COMPUTER CODE OR FILE THAT CONTAINS ANY VIRUS, WORM, TROJAN HORSE OR OTHER PROGRAM THAT MAY HARM, IMPAIR OR BE DETRIMENTAL TO ANY OTHER COMPUTER, SYSTEM, SERVER OR NETWORK.
You waive, release and relinquish, and shall have no recourse against Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives for, any and all Claims (as defined in Section 7.6 of the Terms of Use) arising from or related to any or all of the Non-Warranted Matters.
In the event that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Terms of Use, Morningstar shall be held liable to you with respect to any such Claims, Morningstar’s liability to you shall not exceed the amount of the fees you actually paid to Morningstar during the one-month period immediately preceding the date when the first such Claim shall have arisen.  In no event shall Morningstar be liable for any incidental, special, indirect, consequential, reliance, punitive or other exemplary damages, including, without limitation, any loss of profits, data or interest, any penalties or assessments imposed under applicable laws or otherwise.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Morningstar and its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants and other representatives for any and all third-party claims for Claims arising from or related to any breach or violation by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of the Terms of Use or any access or use by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of this Website or any Content for any use or purpose that is unlawful or otherwise prohibited by the Terms of Use.  Morningstar reserves the right to assume the control and defense of any such matter.  In the event that Morningstar shall assume the control and defense of any such matter, you shall cooperate with Morningstar in this regard including, without limitation, in the assertion of defenses and mandatory counterclaims therein.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, with respect to any Claims arising from or related to any breach or violation by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of the Terms of Use or any access or use by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of this Website or any Content, you: (a) consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal court located closest to Morningstar’s principal place of business; (b) waive any objection (including, without limitation, any based upon grounds of "forum non conveniens") that you now or hereafter may have to such jurisdiction or venue; and (c) waive any right to trial by jury of any Claim arising from or in connection with your access or use of this Website or Content, whether now existing or hereafter arising, and whether sounding in contract, warranty, tort or otherwise.
In the Terms of Use, "Claims" shall mean all actions, causes of action, claims, demands, duties, liabilities, obligations, judgments, fines, penalties, damages, losses, fees, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’, consultant’s and expert witness’ fees, costs and expenses.
Morningstar shall have no responsibility or liability for any event of "force majeure" under applicable law or any other failures, delays, interruptions, errors, omissions, or inaccuracies with respect to this Website, including, without limitation, all services, products, software and other Content that was caused by any reason or event reason or event beyond Morningstar’s reasonable control, including, without limitation, any natural calamity, act of God or a public enemy, act of any military, civil or regulatory authority, change in any law or regulation, disruption or outage of communications, utility or other power or any other failure to perform by any internet, information or service provider or any other person (individual or entity).
Morningstar’s failure to insist on strict performance of any of the Terms of Use shall not operate as a waiver of any other of the Terms of Use.  The terms and provisions of the Terms of Use are severable, such that, if any term or provision hereof shall be held invalid or unenforceable, the other terms and provisions shall remain valid and enforceable.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that the terms and conditions herein shall survive any termination of your right of access to or use of the materials identified herein.




                            NRSRO Disclosures.
                            
Morningstar publishes its current Form NRSRO and Exhibits thereto on this Website.  Form NRSRO Exhibit 2 sets forth Morningstar’s definitions of its letter-grade credit ratings and its rating outlooks and a general description of Morningstar’s credit rating procedures and methodologies.  These definitions, procedures and methodologies are an integral part of Morningstar’s letter-grade credit ratings and rating outlooks published on this Website.
An NRSRO must disclose on its website its rating actions for ten percent (10%) of its credit ratings, selected on a random basis, for each class of securities for which it is registered as an NRSRO and has 500 or more outstanding issuer-paid credit ratings, with each required disclosure of a new rating action to be made no later than six months after the rating action was taken.  Rule 17g-2(d)(2).
An NRSRO must disclose on its website all rating actions for any credit rating initially determined by the NRSRO on or after June 26, 2007 within: (a) 12 months for issuer-paid credit ratings; and (b) 24 months for other (e.g., unsolicited or subscriber-paid) credit ratings.  Rule 17g-2(d)(3)(i).
An NRSRO must: (a) maintain on a password-protected website (i) a list of each structured finance security for which it is currently in the process of determining an initial credit rating that was paid for by the issuer, sponsor, or underwriter, and (ii) the website address where the issuer, sponsor, or underwriter of the security represents that the ratings information can be accessed; and (b) provide free and unlimited access to such password-protected website to any NRSRO that provides it with a copy of the required certification.  Rules 17g-5(a)(3); 17g-5(e).
You agree that you shall not access or use any Content published or disclosed on this Website pursuant to, or as required by, United States securities laws, rules and regulations applicable to NRSROs other than as specifically and expressly permitted and contemplated by such laws, rules and regulations.
All restrictions, disclaimers and limitations of liability set forth in the Terms of Use apply to all Content published or disclosed on this Website pursuant to, or as required by, United States securities laws, rules and regulations applicable to NRSROs but are not intended and shall not be construed to restrict access to or use of any such Content as specifically and expressly permitted and contemplated by such laws, rules and regulations.




                            CUSIP® Information.
                            
CUSIP® is a registered trademark of the American Bankers Association ("ABA").  CUSIP identifiers have been provided by CUSIP Global Services ("CGS"), formerly known as CUSIP Service Bureau, managed by Standard & Poor’s Financial Services, on behalf of the ABA and are not for use or dissemination in a manner that would serve as a substitute for any CUSIP Service.  The CUSIP Database, © 2010 American Bankers Association.  CUSIP information, such as security identifiers and related descriptive information (the "CUSIP Database"), is protected under copyright laws.  From time to time, Morningstar obtains CUSIP information from Third-Party Information.
Certain SEC rules applicable to NRSROs may require an NRSRO to maintain a record of CUSIP information of securities rated by the NRSRO and to publish CUSIP information of securities rated by the NRSRO for which a rating, rating history, rating action or other information is made publicly available on its website (collectively, the "Ratings History").
You acknowledge, understand and agree that the CUSIP Database and all CUSIP information contained therein is and shall remain valuable intellectual property owned by, or licensed to, CGS and the ABA, and that no proprietary rights are being transferred to you in such materials or in any of the information contained therein.  Any use by you outside of the clearing and settlement of transactions requires a license from CGS, along with an associated fee based on usage.  You agree that misappropriation or misuse of such materials will cause serious damage to CGS and ABA, and that in such event money damages may not constitute sufficient compensation to CGS and ABA; consequently, you agree that in the event of any misappropriation or misuse, CGS and ABA shall have the right to obtain injunctive relief in addition to any other remedies to which CGS and ABA may be entitled.  You agree that you shall not publish or distribute in any medium the CUSIP Database or any CUSIP information contained therein or summaries or subsets thereof to any person (individual or entity) except in connection with the normal clearing and settlement of security transactions.  You agree that the use of CUSIP numbers and descriptions is not intended to create or maintain, and does not serve the purpose of the creation or maintenance of, a master file or database of CUSIP descriptions or numbers for itself or any third-party recipient of such service and is not intended to create and does not serve in any way as a substitute for any current or future services developed by CGS.
You acknowledge and understand that certain information will be provided to CGS in connection with your downloading, or access or use, of the CUSIP Database and CUSIP information contained therein, which may include your IP address, number of bytes downloaded, phone and e-mail address. This information will be used solely for purposes of monitoring compliance with these Terms of Use.  This information will be stored securely in the U.S. and may be reviewed and corrected by contacting cusip_custservice@cusip.com. For additional information about CGS’s Customer Privacy practices, please go to www.cusip.com.
NEITHER CGS, ABA NOR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES MAKE ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE CUSIP DATABASE.  ALL SUCH MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED TO VISITORS AND USERS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES AS TO MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE NOR WITH RESPECT TO THE RESULTS WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF SUCH MATERIALS.  NEITHER CGS, ABA NOR THEIR AFFILIATES SHALL HAVE ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS NOR SHALL THEY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL, EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE LIABILITY OF CGS, ABA OR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES PURSUANT TO ANY CAUSE OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE FEE PAID BY VISITOR FOR ACCESS TO SUCH MATERIALS IN THE MONTH IN WHICH SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS ALLEGED TO HAVE ARISEN. FURTHERMORE, CGS AND ABA SHALL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR DELAYS OR FAILURES DUE TO CIRCUMSTANCES BEYOND THEIR CONTROL.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that the foregoing terms and conditions shall survive any termination of your right of access to or use of the materials identified above.











Accept
Decline






Email Verification







Email Address 







 











NRSRO Login







User Name 







Password 







Login
Cancel













© 2017 Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC. All rights reserved.






 About Us 


 News & Events 


Careers 



            Terms Of Use
            



          Privacy Policy
        


 Contact Us 



 












        Turn on switch to see debug info.
      


        JavaScript and Cookies need to be enabled to show the full capabilities of the Morningstar Credit Ratings website.
      



        JavaScript and Cookies need to be enabled to show the full capabilities of the Morningstar Credit Ratings website.
      








Research










































                  Credit
              

                Ratings
              






                Credit
              

                Ratings
              







































            Ratings / Surveillance
          




            Operational Risk Assessments
          




            Research
          




            Products & Services
          




            Regulatory Affairs
          







Errors

















Research | Structured Finance










                        Date
                        





                        Report Name
                        





                        Asset Class
                        







07/26/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, June

CMBS


07/20/2017

CMBS Alert: No Loss Expected After InterContinental Times Square Loan Checks In To Special Servicing

CMBS


07/12/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, June

CMBS


07/06/2017

RMBS Commentary: Fannie Mae Seeks to Broaden Investor Base by Structuring CAS Deals as Remics

RMBS


06/29/2017

CMBS Alert: Sears to Close 20 Stores - $550.4 Million in CMBS at Risk

CMBS


06/29/2017

RMBS Research: Non-Qualified Mortgages are not the New Subprime

RMBS


06/28/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, June

RMBS


06/28/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, June

RMBS


06/26/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, May

CMBS


06/19/2017

CMBS Alert: Searching for a Smaller Size--Ascena Retail Group Closures Put $279.7 Million in CMBS at Risk

CMBS


06/13/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, May

CMBS


06/01/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, April

CMBS


05/31/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, May

RMBS


05/31/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, May

RMBS


05/30/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, April

CMBS


05/24/2017

CMBS Alert: Ruing the Day it Opened So Many Stores--Potential Rue21 Closures Put $100.7 Million in CMBS at Risk

CMBS


05/22/2017

CMBS Research: Mall Monitor-Experiential Offerings Benefit Malls as Shoppers Become Less Clothes-Minded

CMBS


05/22/2017

CMBS Research: Urgent-Care Centers--The Cure for Ailing Real Estate or Just a Bandage

CMBS


05/18/2017

CMBS Alert: Seeking Renewable Energy-Surge in Sublease Space Jeopardizes $73.9 Million Houston Office Loan

CMBS


05/08/2017

CMBS Research: Surf, Sand, and CMBS--Securitized Hotels in Hawaii

CMBS


05/05/2017

CMBS Alert: Long Corridors and Few Shoppers Illustrate the Slow Demise of Susquehanna Valley Mall

CMBS


05/02/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, March

CMBS


04/28/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, April

RMBS


04/28/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, April

RMBS


04/28/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, March

CMBS


04/26/2017

RMBS Research: With Few Bulk Buying Opportunities, Rental Home Buyers Shift Focus to Southeast

RMBS


04/26/2017

CMBS Research: Refi Madness--Factors That Improve Refinancing Prospects for Mall-Backed Loans

CMBS


04/07/2017

CMBS Alert: Bankruptcy Filing Socks Payless ShoeSource 

CMBS


03/30/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, February

CMBS


03/30/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, March

RMBS


03/30/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, March

RMBS


03/29/2017

CMBS Alert: Has Marsh Supermarkets Passed its Sell-By Date?

CMBS


03/24/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, February

CMBS


03/22/2017

CMBS Alert: J.C. Penney Hoists Anchor; $885 Million in CMBS at Risk

CMBS


03/15/2017

CMBS Alert: Gander Mountain Co. Shoots Itself in the Foot; Bankruptcy Filing Puts CMBS Loans at Risk

CMBS


03/13/2017

CMBS Alert: RadioShack’s Bankruptcy Filing--A Blip on CMBS Performance

CMBS


03/13/2017

CMBS Research: Why Policy Matters—An Examination of the Stamford, Connecticut, Office Market

CMBS


03/08/2017

CMBS Alert: Hhgregg Pulls the Plug on 91 Locations and Files for Bankruptcy Protection, Leaving 10 Loans with Higher Default Risk

CMBS


03/08/2017

CMBS Alert: More Clicks, Less Bricks--J.C. Penney Company, Inc.’s Announced Store Closures Could Affect $7.29 Billion in CMBS

CMBS


02/28/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, January

CMBS


02/28/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, February

RMBS


02/28/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, February

RMBS


02/24/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, January

CMBS


02/21/2017

CMBS Alert: MC Sports' Bankruptcy Filing Poses Little Risk to CMBS Loans

CMBS


02/17/2017

CLO Commentary: Refinancing Poses Limited Additional Credit Risk to CLO Combination Notes

ABS


02/15/2017

CMBS Alert: Gander Mountain Co.’s Potential Bankruptcy Puts 29 CMBS Loans in the Crosshairs

CMBS


02/14/2017

ABS Research: Clearing the Air - Addressing Three Misconceptions of PACE

ABS


02/08/2017

CMBS Alert: Eastern Mountain Sports’ Parent Pulls Up Stakes; Eight CMBS Loans Exposed

CMBS


02/01/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, January

RMBS


02/01/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, January

RMBS


01/31/2017

CMBS Alert: Out of the Loop–Occupancy Woes Raise Risk on $75 Million Chicago Office Loan

CMBS


01/26/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, December

CMBS


01/26/2017

RMBS Commentary: Rising Interest Rates to Reduce Residential Mortgage Prepayments

RMBS


01/25/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, December

CMBS


01/19/2017

CMBS Alert: Macy's and Sears Closings Could Affect $2.39 Billion in CMBS Loans

CMBS


01/12/2017

CMBS Research: Sharing the Experience—As Co-Working Grows, the Office Isn't Necessarily an Office Anymore

CMBS


12/29/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, December

RMBS


12/29/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, December

RMBS


12/23/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, November

CMBS


12/19/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, November

CMBS


12/12/2016

Fixed-Income Research: Foreign Investors to Continue Purchasing U.S. Agency and Corporate Debt

RMBS


12/09/2016

CMBS Alert: Houston, We Have a Problem--City Tops November Morningstar Watchlist Additions

CMBS


12/02/2016

CMBS Alert: Impending Risk Retention Rule May Hamper Liquidity for Maturing CMBS Loans

CMBS


11/30/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, November

RMBS


11/30/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, November

RMBS


11/29/2016

CMBS Alert: Sales Slump at Hhgregg; Repositioning Could Affect $2.64 Billion in CMBS Loans

CMBS


11/21/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, October

CMBS


11/16/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, October

CMBS


10/31/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, October

RMBS


10/31/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, October

RMBS


10/27/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, September

CMBS


10/21/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, September

CMBS


10/20/2016

CMBS Alert: Hurricane Matthew Elevates Risk for 533 Properties Backing CMBS Loans

CMBS


10/11/2016

CMBS Alert: For-Profit College Accreditor Fails Out; $401 Million in CMBS Potentially Affected

CMBS


10/10/2016

CMBS Research: Mall Monitor - Examining the State of U.S. Malls With Attention to Retail

CMBS


09/29/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, September

RMBS


09/29/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, September

RMBS


09/27/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, August

CMBS


09/23/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, August

CMBS


09/19/2016

CMBS Alert: Golfsmith Fails to Make the Cut; $365.5 million of CMBS Exposure

CMBS


09/19/2016

RMBS Commentary: Excess Cash Flow in Reperforming - Loan RMBS Transactions

RMBS


09/16/2016

RMBS Alert: Pending Maturity Dates May Lead to Further Repayments

RMBS


09/07/2016

CMBS Alert: Flooding in Louisiana Creates Uncertainties for 302 Properties Backing CMBS Loans

CMBS


08/31/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, August

RMBS


08/31/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, August

RMBS


08/31/2016

CMBS Alert: Office Depot Stores on the Chopping Block Put $956.6 Million in CMBS Loans at Risk

CMBS


08/29/2016

CMBS Alert: The Department of Education Takes ITT to School; $123.1 Million in CMBS Affected

CMBS


08/17/2016

CMBS Alert: Macy’s Announced Store Closures Turns Up the Heat on $3.64 Billion in CMBS

CMBS


08/11/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, July

CMBS


08/10/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, July

CMBS


08/04/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Property Releases in Single-Family Rental Transactions Pose Minimal Credit Risk

RMBS


07/29/2016

CMBS Alert: Hastings Entertainment Liquidation Sales Begin; 19 Loans Have Exposure

CMBS


07/29/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, July

RMBS


07/29/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, July

RMBS


07/27/2016

RMBS Research: Increasing Rents on Single-Family Properties Suggest Robust Tenant Demand

RMBS


07/22/2016

CMBS Alert: Impending Maturity for Overleveraged Central Park Shopping Center Loan Looms Large

CMBS


07/20/2016

CMBS Alert: $1.44 Billion in CMBS Loans Backed by Properties with Ralph Lauren as Tenant

CMBS


07/19/2016

RMBS Commentary: With Private-Label RMBS Stymied, Nontraditional Deals Highlight Market Activity

RMBS


07/18/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, June

CMBS


07/13/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, June

CMBS


06/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, June

RMBS


06/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Tables, June

RMBS


06/27/2016

Structured-Finance Research: State of the U.S. Consumer--Please Sir, Can You Lend Me Some More

ABS


06/10/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, May

CMBS


06/09/2016

CMBS Alert: Mind the Gap--Falling Revenue Create Uncertainties for CMBS Loans Exposed to Gap, Inc.

CMBS


06/09/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, May

CMBS


05/31/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, May

RMBS


05/31/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary, May

RMBS


05/31/2016

CMBS Research: Ballooning Supply Looms Over $3.68 Billion in CMBS Backed by Manhattan Hotels

CMBS


05/26/2016

CMBS Research:  Double Secret Probation–For-Profit Colleges’ Uncertain Future Heightens CMBS Default Risk

CMBS


05/20/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, April

CMBS


05/19/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, April

CMBS


05/16/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Benchmarking Expenses and Net Cash Flow in Single-Family Rental Securitizations

RMBS


05/12/2016

ABS Commentary: Timeshare Business Spin-Offs Won’t Leave ABS Stranded

ABS


05/11/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Enhanced Underwriting for New Breed of Single-Family,  Single-Property Investor Loans

RMBS


05/05/2016

CMBS Research: Texas Commercial Real Estate Market Withstands Oil Bust

CMBS


04/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental – Performance Summary Report, April 

RMBS


04/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental – Performance Summary Tables, April 

RMBS


04/27/2016

CMBS Alert: Anchors Aweigh: Substantial Losses Likely for Postcrisis Hudson Valley Mall Loan as Vacancy Continues to Climb

CMBS


04/27/2016

CMBS Alert: The Clock Runs Out on Sports Authority With $3.72 Billion in CMBS Exposure, $729.5 Million at Risk

CMBS


04/25/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, March

CMBS


04/25/2016

CMBS Alert: Sears Shrinks Footprint: Nine Loans in CMBS, Five with Elevated Default Risk

CMBS


04/20/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, March

CMBS


04/18/2016

CMBS Alert: Sporting Goods Shakeout: Sport Chalet Parent Files for Bankruptcy Protection; 11 CMBS Loans Exposed

CMBS


04/08/2016

RMBS Research: Despite Headaches for Originators, TRID Impact to Securitization Appears Limited

RMBS


04/01/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, February

CMBS


04/01/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, February

CMBS


03/31/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental - Performance Summary Report, March

RMBS


03/31/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental - Performance Summary Tables, March

RMBS


03/09/2016

CMBS Alert: Sports Authority Exits the Field, Leaving Six CMBS Loans with Higher Default Risk

CMBS


03/03/2016

CMBS Alert: Second-Largest Tenant in Houston Office Building Misses Debt Payment

CMBS


03/01/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, January

CMBS


02/29/2016

RMBS Research: Resurgence of Nonagency Single-Property Investor Loans

RMBS


02/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental - Performance Summary Report, February

RMBS


02/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental - Performance Summary Tables, February 

RMBS


02/29/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, January

CMBS


02/29/2016

ABS Commentary: Impact of Slowing Global Trade on Shipping Container-Backed ABS

ABS


02/29/2016

RMBS Commentary: Rents Increase in Single-Family Rental

RMBS


02/23/2016

CMBS Commentary: Wine or Vinegar: How Have 2016 and 2017 Maturing Loans Aged?

CMBS


02/17/2016

CMBS Alert: Recent Sears Closings Affect Just One CMBS Loan

CMBS


02/17/2016

CMBS Alert: Sears and Kmart Loans_February

CMBS


02/16/2016

ABS Commentary: Longevity Not the Primary Risk to Every Life Settlement ABS

ABS


02/11/2016

CMBS Alert: Buffet Operator Closes Restaurants Helps Itself to Just One CMBS Loan

CMBS


02/08/2016

CMBS Alert: Expected Sports Authority Bankruptcy Filing Hikes Risk to CMBS Loans

CMBS


02/08/2016

CMBS Alert: Sports Authority Loans_January

CMBS


02/05/2016

CMBS Alert: Sewing Materials Retailer Hancock Fabrics Unravels

CMBS


01/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental - Performance Summary Report, January

RMBS


01/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental - Performance Summary Tables, January

RMBS


01/29/2016

CMBS Surveillance:  Maturity Report, December

CMBS


01/26/2016

CMBS Surveillance - Delinquency Report, December

CMBS


01/21/2016

ABS Commentary: Taking a Dip in a Concentrated Pool, Analyzing Big-Ticket Commercial Asset Financings

ABS


01/15/2016

ABS Commentary: Nontraditional ABS Poised for Strong Issuance in 2016

ABS


01/12/2016

CMBS Alert: Macy's Slims Down - Morningstar Expects More Store Closings

CMBS


01/05/2016

RMBS Research: Jumbo Issuance Remains Sluggish; As Goes Jumbo, so Goes RMBS, January

RMBS


12/30/2015

CMBS Alert: North Dakota Going South

CMBS


12/30/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, December

RMBS


12/30/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Tables, December 

RMBS


12/29/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, November

CMBS


12/17/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Market Update 

RMBS


12/17/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, November

CMBS


12/10/2015

CMBS Alert: Two City Place Energy Tenant Hits Oil Slick

CMBS


12/08/2015

CMBS Alert: $114.6 Million CityWest Loan Gets Drilled

CMBS


12/04/2015

CMBS Alert: Colony Square Reportedly Gets Recapitalized

CMBS


11/30/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, November

RMBS


11/30/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Tables, November

RMBS


11/25/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, October

CMBS


11/23/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, October

CMBS


11/05/2015

CMBS Alert: Limited Effect on CMBS from Bankrupt Grocer Fresh & Easy

CMBS


11/03/2015

CMBS Alert: Recapitalization Coming for Bush Terminal

CMBS


10/29/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, October

RMBS


10/29/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Tables, October

RMBS


10/29/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, September

CMBS


10/27/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, September

CMBS


10/21/2015

RMBS Research: Issuance of Single-Family Rental Securitizations Tops $13 Billion

RMBS


10/06/2015

CMBS Alert: South Carolina Flooding

CMBS


10/06/2015

CMBS Alert: South Carolina Flooding Loans

CMBS


09/30/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, September

RMBS


09/30/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Tables, September

RMBS


09/24/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, August

CMBS


09/21/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, August

CMBS


09/14/2015

ABS Research: Evaluating the Role of Representations and Warranties in Marketplace-Lending Securitizations

ABS


09/03/2015

CMBS Research: Tenant Issues Mount for Maple Drive Portfolio CMBS Loan

CMBS


08/31/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, August

RMBS


08/31/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Tables, August

RMBS


08/27/2015

ABS Research: Credit Strength of Junior Notes in Structured-Settlement

ABS


08/25/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, July

CMBS


08/20/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, July

CMBS


08/04/2015

ABS Research: Challenges in Marketplace Lending ABS

ABS


07/31/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, June

CMBS


07/29/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, July

RMBS


07/29/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Tables, July

RMBS















          JavaScript and Cookies need to be enabled to show the full capabilities of the Morningstar Credit Ratings website.
        























                  Credit
              

                Ratings
              






                Credit
              

                Ratings
              










































Sign In





Product


CMBS Ratings
CMBS Lead Generator
RMBS Analytics







User Name 







Password 




Forgot your password?  Click here 










Terms and Conditions





Terms of Use


Table of Contents




Terms of Use Generally.
Copyrights, Trademarks and Service Marks.
Privacy Policy.
Access Restrictions.
Content Restrictions.
Links to Other Websites.
Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability; Indemnification; Exclusive Jurisdiction and Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial.
NRSRO Disclosures.
CUSIP® Information.









                            Terms of Use Generally.
                            
These Terms of Use (the "Terms of Use") contain terms, provisions, covenants and conditions to which you are subject when you access or use any or all of this Website.  You are also subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations when you access and use this Website.  References herein to this "Website" means ratingagency.morningstar.com and all of its website content (the "Content"), including, without limitation, any and all credit ratings and other opinions, services, products, software, reports, information, data and other content displayed, provided or accessed by or through ratingagency.morningstar.com.  This Website is the property of, and is operated by, Morningstar Credit Ratings LLC ("Morningstar").  Morningstar is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization ("NRSRO") as defined under applicable United States securities laws, rules and regulations.  At any time the terms "credit ratings", "letter-grade ratings", "rating opinions", "rating outlook" or terms of similar import are used in this Terms of Use, each such term shall include all of the preceding terms collectively, as well as any other rating opinions provided by Morningstar.
Each time you access or use this Website, you thereby acknowledge and agree that you have read, understood and agreed to observe and be bound by the Terms of Use.  If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, you may not use this Website.
The Terms of Use and this Website are subject to revision at any time, from time to time, with or without notice.  In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Terms of Use and this Website are subject to revision by reason of new laws, rules or regulations, or amendments, modifications or other changes to existing laws, rule or regulations, or interpretations thereof, any of which may be implemented or apply to any of the Terms of Use, this Website, NRSROs, Morningstar, or related items or matters at any time and may apply retroactively.  The Terms of Use shall be interpreted, as determined by Morningstar, in a manner to comply with the foregoing.
Your rights to use certain pages or areas of this Website may be subject to a separate subscription or other form of agreement with Morningstar (each, a "Separate Agreement").  Your Separate Agreement governs in the event of any express conflict therein with the Terms of Use unless you receive notice and agree otherwise.  For the avoidance of doubt, if your Separate Agreement is silent on terms covered by this Terms of Use, this Terms of Use governs such terms.  Except as expressly provided by your Separate Agreement(s), if any, the Terms of Use represent your entire agreement with Morningstar with respect to this Website and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written between Morningstar and you with respect to this Website.




                            Copyrights, Trademarks and Service Marks.
                            
All Content is property that is owned by or licensed to Morningstar and is protected by copyright, trademark, service mark and other applicable intellectual property laws.  All trademarks, service marks, images, logos and trade names published by this Website are proprietary to their respective owners and are protected by applicable intellectual property laws.  Morningstar’s name and logo are its registered marks.  Marks used in conjunction with Morningstar services and products are property of Morningstar.  All other marks are the property of their respective owners.  Any unauthorized use thereof is strictly prohibited.  All rights reserved.
Morningstar and its licensors, as applicable, reserve and retain all proprietary rights in or to the Content and do not grant you any express or implied right in any Content.  You may not delete or alter any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary notices from any Content.  Refer to Section 9 of the Terms of Use regarding CUSIP® Information.
You may not copy, reproduce, distribute, redistribute, transfer, transmit, retransmit, disseminate, sell, license, publish, display, broadcast, circulate, recompile, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, modify, alter, frame, store, archive or create any derivative  of any Content without Morningstar’s express written consent.  You may not access or use any Content other than for your private, non-commercial use (and for any such use you shall retain any and all such copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary notices contained therein).




                            Privacy Policy.
                            
Each time you access or use this Website, you agree and consent to the applicability, to you, of Morningstar’s practices regarding the collection, retention and use of data and information from access or use of this Website.
Certain pages of this Website may request that you enter certain personal information, e.g., name, address, e-mail address, employer, job title, department, telephone or facsimile numbers, or other personal identifying information.  Your responses to these requests are voluntary; however, if you do not provide the requested information and that information is required to access or use those pages or that area of this Website, you will not be able to access or use those pages or that area of this Website.
Morningstar will not sell or otherwise disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third parties without your permission, except as provided herein or as required or permitted by applicable law, for example, to comply with a subpoena or regulatory requirement or to protect against fraud or illegal activity.  Morningstar reserves the right to view, review, monitor, record, and analyze data and information from access or use of this Website to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.  Such data and information may be subject to disclosure by or to law enforcement organizations, in connection with criminal investigation, prosecution or other matters, or by or to private parties, in civil litigation or other matters.  Morningstar does not warrant or guarantee confidentiality of any communication, data, information or other item transmitted by means of the internet.  You assume all risk with respect to your access or use of this Website or the internet.
Certain pages or areas of this Website cannot be accessed or used without a valid password.  You are responsible to keep your password confidential and to not permit unauthorized use of this Website by the use of your password.  You will immediately notify Morningstar if you become aware of any loss or theft of your password or any unauthorized use of your password.  Morningstar reserves the right to delete or change a password at any time and for any or no reason.
Morningstar’s collection, retention and use of data and information from access or use of this Website may be undertaken or performed by Morningstar or service providers of Morningstar and may include the collection of domain names and e-mail addresses of Website visitors.  Information may be aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on this Website, pages viewed, and similar information.  Morningstar reserves the right to compile and use aggregate data, and provide such aggregate data to third parties for statistical analysis.  Morningstar may use this information to measure and analyze the use of this Website, to modify the content of this Website or to inform you about Morningstar products and services.
Morningstar may use "cookies" to track your visits to this Website.  A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you.  A cookie functions as an identification card, recording your passwords, purchases and preferences.  A cookie may be used to provide tailored information to you.  Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies.  You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.  For Website pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional.  Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those Website pages.  While Morningstar may use cookies to track your visit to this Website, and our servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, this information does not identify you personally and you remain anonymous unless you have otherwise provided Morningstar with personal information.




                            Access Restrictions.
                            

                                    Each time you access or use this Website, you: (a) acknowledge, understand and agree that you have only a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access or use this Website, at all times and in all events subject to, and conditioned upon your continued compliance with, the Terms of Use and all applicable laws, rules and regulations; (b) represent and warrant to Morningstar that you will not use this Website for any use or purpose that is unlawful or that is otherwise prohibited by the Terms of Use; (c) represent that you are at least 18 years old; and (d) agree not to:
                                    
upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit to this Website: (a) any material that Morningstar deems to be unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, misleading, deceptive, vulgar, offensive, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, hateful or invasive of the rights of any person (individual or entity); or (b) any computer code or file that contains any virus, worm, Trojan horse or other program that is likely to harm or impair this Website or the functioning of this Website;
use any "deep-link," "scraper," "robot," "bot," "spider," "data-mining," "computer code" or any other automated device, program, tool, algorithm, process, or methodology or manual process having similar processes or functionality, to access, acquire, copy, or monitor any portion of this Website;
violate the restrictions in any robot inclusion headers on this Website or in any way bypass or circumvent any other measure employed to limit or prevent access to this Website
violate the security of, or seek unauthorized access to, this Website or any related system, network or server, through hacking, password mining or any other means;
obtain through any means by or through this Website any Content that Morningstar has not intentionally made available publicly or to you under your Separate Agreement;
interfere with the functionality of this Website; or
impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load or burden on this Website or any related system, network or server, or, with respect to each of the foregoing, attempt to do so.


Your use of this website may be subject to sales, use or similar taxes.  If you access or use this Website, Morningstar may invoice you, and you agree to pay, all such taxes that apply to your access and/or use.




                            Content Restrictions.
                            
You acknowledge, understand and agree that: (a) all credit ratings and other opinions, services, products, reports, information, data and other Content are: (i) provided solely for information purposes and not as financial, investment, tax or other advice, (ii) subject to any and all qualifications, limitations and parameters enumerated in any related materials related to such ratings provided by Morningstar, any initial ratings letter and/or subsequent confirmation letters or surveillance information provided by Morningstar, and Morningstar’s policies and procedures and methodology; and (iii) subject to applicable laws, rules and regulation, and you agree to reasonably cooperate with Morningstar in the event your cooperation is needed to comply therewith; and (b) all credit ratings and other opinions and similar or related reports, information, data and other Content are mere opinions, nothing else, and that, with respect thereto, Morningstar does not waive any protections, privileges or defenses available under applicable laws, rules or regulations, including, without limitation, the First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States of America.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that, with respect to all Content that is based on or incorporates information and data provided by third parties ("Third-Party Information") including, without limitation, issuers, sponsors, arrangers, servicers, special servicers, trustees, asset managers, securities administrators, paying agents, data vendors, subcontractors, and other third-party sources of reports, information or data, including, without limitation, engineering reports, environmental reports, appraisals, and rent rolls : (a) each such third party is solely responsible for its respective Third Party Information including, without limitation, the accuracy, completeness or reliability thereof; (b) the provision of Third-Party Information is not intended, does not imply and shall not be construed as any form of recommendation or endorsement of or responsibility for any Third-Party Information; (c) no Third-Party Information has been verified by Morningstar; (d) ALL THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTY OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND; (e) Morningstar has no responsibility or liability for or control over, third-party information; and (f) MORNINGSTAR DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY, REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTIES AND WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) FOR OR WITH RESPECT TO ALL THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that: (a) all and any preliminary or final Third-Party Information is solely for your convenience and may or may not be provided in connection with any transaction; (b) all information contained or incorporated by reference in any Third Party Information may not be accurate as of any date (other than, if applicable, the date set forth therein as the date of the information contained or incorporated by reference therein) and may be outdated, unreliable or inaccurate; (c) no Third Party Information has been updated since the date set forth therein and material events affecting the information contained or incorporated by reference therein may have occurred since such date; (d) Morningstar is under no obligation to supplement, update, provide, correct or disseminate any Third Party Information; (e) Third Party Information shall not constitute a solicitation, recommendation, endorsement or offer by Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives, or anyone else, to buy or sell any security or other financial instrument or investment; and (f) no Third Party Information (i) shall be distributed or redistributed, (ii) is intended for distribution or redistribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution, redistribution or use would violate any applicable law, or (iii) may be relied upon for any purpose.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that: (a) you shall not rely on any Content as any form of advice or in making any financial, investment, tax or other decision or with respect to any other act or omission; (b) you assume sole responsibility and risk for evaluating the merits and risks associated with any financial, investment, tax or other decision based on any Content or any other act or omission based on any content; and (c) although Content may refer or relate to securities or other financial instruments or investments, including, without limitation, pools or loans, or real or other properties, neither you nor anyone else shall construe any Content as: (i) financial, investment, tax or other advice; (ii) a solicitation, recommendation, endorsement or offer by Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives, or anyone else, to buy or sell any security or other financial instrument or investment, including, without limitation, any pool or loan, or real or other properties; or (iii) "investment advice" within the meaning of US Department of Labor regulation 29 C.F.R Section 2510.3-21(c) under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.  With respect to any and all securities or other financial instruments or investments, past performance is not necessarily indicative, and is not guarantee of, future performance or results.
Neither Morningstar nor any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives: (a) provide financial, investment, tax or other advice; (b) shall have any liability to anyone for any Claims (as defined in Section 7.6 of the Terms of Use) that arise from or relate to any financial, investment, tax or other decision, act or omission based on any Content; or (c) is or shall be considered to be an investment adviser, investment manager or fiduciary, to any anyone, including, without limitation, any employee benefit plan or other plan, or otherwise.  You shall not in any manner state, suggest or imply that Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives has acted or is acting as an investment adviser, investment manager or fiduciary to you or anyone else.  You understand that Morningstar has not consented to, and will not consent to, (i) being named an "expert" under the federal securities laws including, without limitation, Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, or (ii) the integration, publication, inclusion or reference of any ratings, analysis or other information pertaining to Morningstar and/or the ratings contemplated hereunder in any prospectuses or registration statements or otherwise integrated or used in a manner that could impede  (i) or (ii) of this sentence.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that in connection with any letter-grade ratings or rating outlook or similar opinion provided by Morningstar, you shall solely consider such rating opinion based on the qualifications, procedures, methodology and caveats corresponding to such rating opinion as set forth on this website, including, without limitation the Morningstar Analysis and Considerations link at ratingagency.morningstar.com and Ratings Reports at ratingagency.morningstar.com and/or in the related ratings letters, related reports or other communication provided by Morningstar on the website or by other means determined by Morningstar.  You agree that you have reviewed and understand such qualifications, procedures, methodology and caveats and related items as they relate to any rating opinion you have viewed.   Any rating opinion should not be considered without an understanding and review of the preceding factors.  In addition, you understand and agree that any rating opinions, analysis, projections, observations, Content or other items constituting part of any information provided by Morningstar on this website or otherwise are and must be construed solely as statements of opinion and not statements of fact.




                            Links to Other Websites.
                            
Morningstar may provide links to other websites or Third-Party Information.  You acknowledge, understand and agree that, with respect to such links, other websites or Third-Party Information: (a) Morningstar has no responsibility or liability therefore or control thereof including, without limitation, the accuracy, completeness or reliability thereof; (b) Morningstar’s provision thereof is not intended, does not imply and shall not be construed as any form of recommendation or endorsement thereof or responsibility therefore; (c) no such other link or website or Third-Party Information has been verified by Morningstar; (d) EACH SUCH OTHER LINK, WEBSITE OR THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTY OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND; and (e) MORNINGSTAR DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY, REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTIES AND WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) FOR OR WITH RESPECT TO ALL SUCH OTHER LINKS, WEBSITES OR THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION. ALL TERMS, PROVISIONS, COVENANTS, CONDITIONS, RESTRICTIONS, DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH THEREIN OR IN THE TERMS OF USE APPLY THERETO.




                            Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability; Indemnification; Exclusive Jurisdiction and Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial.
                            
THIS WEBSITE AND ALL CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTY OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. MORNINGSTAR, AND ITS INFORMATION OR SERVICE PROVIDERS, DO NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY, REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTIES AND WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) FOR OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL OF THE FOLLOWING (COLLECTIVELY, THE "NON-WARRANTED MATTERS"): (A) THIS WEBSITE; (B) ALL CONTENT; (C) ANY FINANCIAL, INVESTMENT, TAX OR OTHER DECISION, ACT OR OMISSION MADE IN RELIANCE ON OR BASED ON ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT; (D) WHETHER ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT INFRINGES UPON ANY COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARK, SERVICE MARK OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR OTHER PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY OR IS DEFAMATORY TO OR INVASIVE OF ANY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY; (E) ANY ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, OR CORRECT SEQUENCING, OR ANY FAILURES, DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES, OF ANY OR ALL CREDIT RATINGS, OTHER OPINIONS, SERVICES, PRODUCTS, SOFTWARE, REPORTS, INFORMATION, DATA AND OTHER CONTENT, WHETHER ORIGINATED BY MORNINGSTAR, LICENSED BY MORNINGSTAR FROM ANY SUCH INFORMATION OR SERVICE PROVIDER, OBTAINED BY MORNINGSTAR FROM THIRD PARTIES OR PUBLICLY-AVAILABLE SOURCES, OR OTHERWISE; OR (F) ANY AND ALL ACCESS TO OR USE OF ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WHETHER ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT SHALL BE FREE OF (I) FAILURES, DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES, OR (II) ANY COMPUTER CODE OR FILE THAT CONTAINS ANY VIRUS, WORM, TROJAN HORSE OR OTHER PROGRAM THAT MAY HARM, IMPAIR OR BE DETRIMENTAL TO ANY OTHER COMPUTER, SYSTEM, SERVER OR NETWORK.
You waive, release and relinquish, and shall have no recourse against Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives for, any and all Claims (as defined in Section 7.6 of the Terms of Use) arising from or related to any or all of the Non-Warranted Matters.
In the event that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Terms of Use, Morningstar shall be held liable to you with respect to any such Claims, Morningstar’s liability to you shall not exceed the amount of the fees you actually paid to Morningstar during the one-month period immediately preceding the date when the first such Claim shall have arisen.  In no event shall Morningstar be liable for any incidental, special, indirect, consequential, reliance, punitive or other exemplary damages, including, without limitation, any loss of profits, data or interest, any penalties or assessments imposed under applicable laws or otherwise.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Morningstar and its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants and other representatives for any and all third-party claims for Claims arising from or related to any breach or violation by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of the Terms of Use or any access or use by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of this Website or any Content for any use or purpose that is unlawful or otherwise prohibited by the Terms of Use.  Morningstar reserves the right to assume the control and defense of any such matter.  In the event that Morningstar shall assume the control and defense of any such matter, you shall cooperate with Morningstar in this regard including, without limitation, in the assertion of defenses and mandatory counterclaims therein.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, with respect to any Claims arising from or related to any breach or violation by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of the Terms of Use or any access or use by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of this Website or any Content, you: (a) consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal court located closest to Morningstar’s principal place of business; (b) waive any objection (including, without limitation, any based upon grounds of "forum non conveniens") that you now or hereafter may have to such jurisdiction or venue; and (c) waive any right to trial by jury of any Claim arising from or in connection with your access or use of this Website or Content, whether now existing or hereafter arising, and whether sounding in contract, warranty, tort or otherwise.
In the Terms of Use, "Claims" shall mean all actions, causes of action, claims, demands, duties, liabilities, obligations, judgments, fines, penalties, damages, losses, fees, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’, consultant’s and expert witness’ fees, costs and expenses.
Morningstar shall have no responsibility or liability for any event of "force majeure" under applicable law or any other failures, delays, interruptions, errors, omissions, or inaccuracies with respect to this Website, including, without limitation, all services, products, software and other Content that was caused by any reason or event reason or event beyond Morningstar’s reasonable control, including, without limitation, any natural calamity, act of God or a public enemy, act of any military, civil or regulatory authority, change in any law or regulation, disruption or outage of communications, utility or other power or any other failure to perform by any internet, information or service provider or any other person (individual or entity).
Morningstar’s failure to insist on strict performance of any of the Terms of Use shall not operate as a waiver of any other of the Terms of Use.  The terms and provisions of the Terms of Use are severable, such that, if any term or provision hereof shall be held invalid or unenforceable, the other terms and provisions shall remain valid and enforceable.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that the terms and conditions herein shall survive any termination of your right of access to or use of the materials identified herein.




                            NRSRO Disclosures.
                            
Morningstar publishes its current Form NRSRO and Exhibits thereto on this Website.  Form NRSRO Exhibit 2 sets forth Morningstar’s definitions of its letter-grade credit ratings and its rating outlooks and a general description of Morningstar’s credit rating procedures and methodologies.  These definitions, procedures and methodologies are an integral part of Morningstar’s letter-grade credit ratings and rating outlooks published on this Website.
An NRSRO must disclose on its website its rating actions for ten percent (10%) of its credit ratings, selected on a random basis, for each class of securities for which it is registered as an NRSRO and has 500 or more outstanding issuer-paid credit ratings, with each required disclosure of a new rating action to be made no later than six months after the rating action was taken.  Rule 17g-2(d)(2).
An NRSRO must disclose on its website all rating actions for any credit rating initially determined by the NRSRO on or after June 26, 2007 within: (a) 12 months for issuer-paid credit ratings; and (b) 24 months for other (e.g., unsolicited or subscriber-paid) credit ratings.  Rule 17g-2(d)(3)(i).
An NRSRO must: (a) maintain on a password-protected website (i) a list of each structured finance security for which it is currently in the process of determining an initial credit rating that was paid for by the issuer, sponsor, or underwriter, and (ii) the website address where the issuer, sponsor, or underwriter of the security represents that the ratings information can be accessed; and (b) provide free and unlimited access to such password-protected website to any NRSRO that provides it with a copy of the required certification.  Rules 17g-5(a)(3); 17g-5(e).
You agree that you shall not access or use any Content published or disclosed on this Website pursuant to, or as required by, United States securities laws, rules and regulations applicable to NRSROs other than as specifically and expressly permitted and contemplated by such laws, rules and regulations.
All restrictions, disclaimers and limitations of liability set forth in the Terms of Use apply to all Content published or disclosed on this Website pursuant to, or as required by, United States securities laws, rules and regulations applicable to NRSROs but are not intended and shall not be construed to restrict access to or use of any such Content as specifically and expressly permitted and contemplated by such laws, rules and regulations.




                            CUSIP® Information.
                            
CUSIP® is a registered trademark of the American Bankers Association ("ABA").  CUSIP identifiers have been provided by CUSIP Global Services ("CGS"), formerly known as CUSIP Service Bureau, managed by Standard & Poor’s Financial Services, on behalf of the ABA and are not for use or dissemination in a manner that would serve as a substitute for any CUSIP Service.  The CUSIP Database, © 2010 American Bankers Association.  CUSIP information, such as security identifiers and related descriptive information (the "CUSIP Database"), is protected under copyright laws.  From time to time, Morningstar obtains CUSIP information from Third-Party Information.
Certain SEC rules applicable to NRSROs may require an NRSRO to maintain a record of CUSIP information of securities rated by the NRSRO and to publish CUSIP information of securities rated by the NRSRO for which a rating, rating history, rating action or other information is made publicly available on its website (collectively, the "Ratings History").
You acknowledge, understand and agree that the CUSIP Database and all CUSIP information contained therein is and shall remain valuable intellectual property owned by, or licensed to, CGS and the ABA, and that no proprietary rights are being transferred to you in such materials or in any of the information contained therein.  Any use by you outside of the clearing and settlement of transactions requires a license from CGS, along with an associated fee based on usage.  You agree that misappropriation or misuse of such materials will cause serious damage to CGS and ABA, and that in such event money damages may not constitute sufficient compensation to CGS and ABA; consequently, you agree that in the event of any misappropriation or misuse, CGS and ABA shall have the right to obtain injunctive relief in addition to any other remedies to which CGS and ABA may be entitled.  You agree that you shall not publish or distribute in any medium the CUSIP Database or any CUSIP information contained therein or summaries or subsets thereof to any person (individual or entity) except in connection with the normal clearing and settlement of security transactions.  You agree that the use of CUSIP numbers and descriptions is not intended to create or maintain, and does not serve the purpose of the creation or maintenance of, a master file or database of CUSIP descriptions or numbers for itself or any third-party recipient of such service and is not intended to create and does not serve in any way as a substitute for any current or future services developed by CGS.
You acknowledge and understand that certain information will be provided to CGS in connection with your downloading, or access or use, of the CUSIP Database and CUSIP information contained therein, which may include your IP address, number of bytes downloaded, phone and e-mail address. This information will be used solely for purposes of monitoring compliance with these Terms of Use.  This information will be stored securely in the U.S. and may be reviewed and corrected by contacting cusip_custservice@cusip.com. For additional information about CGS’s Customer Privacy practices, please go to www.cusip.com.
NEITHER CGS, ABA NOR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES MAKE ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE CUSIP DATABASE.  ALL SUCH MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED TO VISITORS AND USERS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES AS TO MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE NOR WITH RESPECT TO THE RESULTS WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF SUCH MATERIALS.  NEITHER CGS, ABA NOR THEIR AFFILIATES SHALL HAVE ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS NOR SHALL THEY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL, EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE LIABILITY OF CGS, ABA OR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES PURSUANT TO ANY CAUSE OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE FEE PAID BY VISITOR FOR ACCESS TO SUCH MATERIALS IN THE MONTH IN WHICH SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS ALLEGED TO HAVE ARISEN. FURTHERMORE, CGS AND ABA SHALL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR DELAYS OR FAILURES DUE TO CIRCUMSTANCES BEYOND THEIR CONTROL.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that the foregoing terms and conditions shall survive any termination of your right of access to or use of the materials identified above.











Accept
Decline






Email Verification







Email Address 







 











NRSRO Login







User Name 







Password 







Login
Cancel













© 2017 Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC. All rights reserved.






 About Us 


 News & Events 


Careers 



            Terms Of Use
            



          Privacy Policy
        


 Contact Us 



 












        Turn on switch to see debug info.
      


        JavaScript and Cookies need to be enabled to show the full capabilities of the Morningstar Credit Ratings website.
      



        JavaScript and Cookies need to be enabled to show the full capabilities of the Morningstar Credit Ratings website.
      








Research










































                  Credit
              

                Ratings
              






                Credit
              

                Ratings
              







































            Ratings / Surveillance
          




            Operational Risk Assessments
          




            Research
          




            Products & Services
          




            Regulatory Affairs
          







Errors

















Research | Structured Finance










                        Date
                        





                        Report Name
                        





                        Asset Class
                        







07/26/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, June

CMBS


07/20/2017

CMBS Alert: No Loss Expected After InterContinental Times Square Loan Checks In To Special Servicing

CMBS


07/12/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, June

CMBS


07/06/2017

RMBS Commentary: Fannie Mae Seeks to Broaden Investor Base by Structuring CAS Deals as Remics

RMBS


06/29/2017

CMBS Alert: Sears to Close 20 Stores - $550.4 Million in CMBS at Risk

CMBS


06/29/2017

RMBS Research: Non-Qualified Mortgages are not the New Subprime

RMBS


06/28/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, June

RMBS


06/28/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, June

RMBS


06/26/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, May

CMBS


06/19/2017

CMBS Alert: Searching for a Smaller Size--Ascena Retail Group Closures Put $279.7 Million in CMBS at Risk

CMBS


06/13/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, May

CMBS


06/01/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, April

CMBS


05/31/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, May

RMBS


05/31/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, May

RMBS


05/30/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, April

CMBS


05/24/2017

CMBS Alert: Ruing the Day it Opened So Many Stores--Potential Rue21 Closures Put $100.7 Million in CMBS at Risk

CMBS


05/22/2017

CMBS Research: Mall Monitor-Experiential Offerings Benefit Malls as Shoppers Become Less Clothes-Minded

CMBS


05/22/2017

CMBS Research: Urgent-Care Centers--The Cure for Ailing Real Estate or Just a Bandage

CMBS


05/18/2017

CMBS Alert: Seeking Renewable Energy-Surge in Sublease Space Jeopardizes $73.9 Million Houston Office Loan

CMBS


05/08/2017

CMBS Research: Surf, Sand, and CMBS--Securitized Hotels in Hawaii

CMBS


05/05/2017

CMBS Alert: Long Corridors and Few Shoppers Illustrate the Slow Demise of Susquehanna Valley Mall

CMBS


05/02/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, March

CMBS


04/28/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, April

RMBS


04/28/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, April

RMBS


04/28/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, March

CMBS


04/26/2017

RMBS Research: With Few Bulk Buying Opportunities, Rental Home Buyers Shift Focus to Southeast

RMBS


04/26/2017

CMBS Research: Refi Madness--Factors That Improve Refinancing Prospects for Mall-Backed Loans

CMBS


04/07/2017

CMBS Alert: Bankruptcy Filing Socks Payless ShoeSource 

CMBS


03/30/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, February

CMBS


03/30/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, March

RMBS


03/30/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, March

RMBS


03/29/2017

CMBS Alert: Has Marsh Supermarkets Passed its Sell-By Date?

CMBS


03/24/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, February

CMBS


03/22/2017

CMBS Alert: J.C. Penney Hoists Anchor; $885 Million in CMBS at Risk

CMBS


03/15/2017

CMBS Alert: Gander Mountain Co. Shoots Itself in the Foot; Bankruptcy Filing Puts CMBS Loans at Risk

CMBS


03/13/2017

CMBS Alert: RadioShack’s Bankruptcy Filing--A Blip on CMBS Performance

CMBS


03/13/2017

CMBS Research: Why Policy Matters—An Examination of the Stamford, Connecticut, Office Market

CMBS


03/08/2017

CMBS Alert: Hhgregg Pulls the Plug on 91 Locations and Files for Bankruptcy Protection, Leaving 10 Loans with Higher Default Risk

CMBS


03/08/2017

CMBS Alert: More Clicks, Less Bricks--J.C. Penney Company, Inc.’s Announced Store Closures Could Affect $7.29 Billion in CMBS

CMBS


02/28/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, January

CMBS


02/28/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, February

RMBS


02/28/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, February

RMBS


02/24/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, January

CMBS


02/21/2017

CMBS Alert: MC Sports' Bankruptcy Filing Poses Little Risk to CMBS Loans

CMBS


02/17/2017

CLO Commentary: Refinancing Poses Limited Additional Credit Risk to CLO Combination Notes

ABS


02/15/2017

CMBS Alert: Gander Mountain Co.’s Potential Bankruptcy Puts 29 CMBS Loans in the Crosshairs

CMBS


02/14/2017

ABS Research: Clearing the Air - Addressing Three Misconceptions of PACE

ABS


02/08/2017

CMBS Alert: Eastern Mountain Sports’ Parent Pulls Up Stakes; Eight CMBS Loans Exposed

CMBS


02/01/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, January

RMBS


02/01/2017

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, January

RMBS


01/31/2017

CMBS Alert: Out of the Loop–Occupancy Woes Raise Risk on $75 Million Chicago Office Loan

CMBS


01/26/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, December

CMBS


01/26/2017

RMBS Commentary: Rising Interest Rates to Reduce Residential Mortgage Prepayments

RMBS


01/25/2017

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, December

CMBS


01/19/2017

CMBS Alert: Macy's and Sears Closings Could Affect $2.39 Billion in CMBS Loans

CMBS


01/12/2017

CMBS Research: Sharing the Experience—As Co-Working Grows, the Office Isn't Necessarily an Office Anymore

CMBS


12/29/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, December

RMBS


12/29/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, December

RMBS


12/23/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, November

CMBS


12/19/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, November

CMBS


12/12/2016

Fixed-Income Research: Foreign Investors to Continue Purchasing U.S. Agency and Corporate Debt

RMBS


12/09/2016

CMBS Alert: Houston, We Have a Problem--City Tops November Morningstar Watchlist Additions

CMBS


12/02/2016

CMBS Alert: Impending Risk Retention Rule May Hamper Liquidity for Maturing CMBS Loans

CMBS


11/30/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, November

RMBS


11/30/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, November

RMBS


11/29/2016

CMBS Alert: Sales Slump at Hhgregg; Repositioning Could Affect $2.64 Billion in CMBS Loans

CMBS


11/21/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, October

CMBS


11/16/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, October

CMBS


10/31/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, October

RMBS


10/31/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, October

RMBS


10/27/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, September

CMBS


10/21/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, September

CMBS


10/20/2016

CMBS Alert: Hurricane Matthew Elevates Risk for 533 Properties Backing CMBS Loans

CMBS


10/11/2016

CMBS Alert: For-Profit College Accreditor Fails Out; $401 Million in CMBS Potentially Affected

CMBS


10/10/2016

CMBS Research: Mall Monitor - Examining the State of U.S. Malls With Attention to Retail

CMBS


09/29/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, September

RMBS


09/29/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, September

RMBS


09/27/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, August

CMBS


09/23/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, August

CMBS


09/19/2016

CMBS Alert: Golfsmith Fails to Make the Cut; $365.5 million of CMBS Exposure

CMBS


09/19/2016

RMBS Commentary: Excess Cash Flow in Reperforming - Loan RMBS Transactions

RMBS


09/16/2016

RMBS Alert: Pending Maturity Dates May Lead to Further Repayments

RMBS


09/07/2016

CMBS Alert: Flooding in Louisiana Creates Uncertainties for 302 Properties Backing CMBS Loans

CMBS


08/31/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, August

RMBS


08/31/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, August

RMBS


08/31/2016

CMBS Alert: Office Depot Stores on the Chopping Block Put $956.6 Million in CMBS Loans at Risk

CMBS


08/29/2016

CMBS Alert: The Department of Education Takes ITT to School; $123.1 Million in CMBS Affected

CMBS


08/17/2016

CMBS Alert: Macy’s Announced Store Closures Turns Up the Heat on $3.64 Billion in CMBS

CMBS


08/11/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, July

CMBS


08/10/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, July

CMBS


08/04/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Property Releases in Single-Family Rental Transactions Pose Minimal Credit Risk

RMBS


07/29/2016

CMBS Alert: Hastings Entertainment Liquidation Sales Begin; 19 Loans Have Exposure

CMBS


07/29/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Report, July

RMBS


07/29/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Performance Summary Tables, July

RMBS


07/27/2016

RMBS Research: Increasing Rents on Single-Family Properties Suggest Robust Tenant Demand

RMBS


07/22/2016

CMBS Alert: Impending Maturity for Overleveraged Central Park Shopping Center Loan Looms Large

CMBS


07/20/2016

CMBS Alert: $1.44 Billion in CMBS Loans Backed by Properties with Ralph Lauren as Tenant

CMBS


07/19/2016

RMBS Commentary: With Private-Label RMBS Stymied, Nontraditional Deals Highlight Market Activity

RMBS


07/18/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, June

CMBS


07/13/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, June

CMBS


06/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, June

RMBS


06/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Tables, June

RMBS


06/27/2016

Structured-Finance Research: State of the U.S. Consumer--Please Sir, Can You Lend Me Some More

ABS


06/10/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, May

CMBS


06/09/2016

CMBS Alert: Mind the Gap--Falling Revenue Create Uncertainties for CMBS Loans Exposed to Gap, Inc.

CMBS


06/09/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, May

CMBS


05/31/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, May

RMBS


05/31/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary, May

RMBS


05/31/2016

CMBS Research: Ballooning Supply Looms Over $3.68 Billion in CMBS Backed by Manhattan Hotels

CMBS


05/26/2016

CMBS Research:  Double Secret Probation–For-Profit Colleges’ Uncertain Future Heightens CMBS Default Risk

CMBS


05/20/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, April

CMBS


05/19/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, April

CMBS


05/16/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Benchmarking Expenses and Net Cash Flow in Single-Family Rental Securitizations

RMBS


05/12/2016

ABS Commentary: Timeshare Business Spin-Offs Won’t Leave ABS Stranded

ABS


05/11/2016

Single-Family Rental Research: Enhanced Underwriting for New Breed of Single-Family,  Single-Property Investor Loans

RMBS


05/05/2016

CMBS Research: Texas Commercial Real Estate Market Withstands Oil Bust

CMBS


04/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental – Performance Summary Report, April 

RMBS


04/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental – Performance Summary Tables, April 

RMBS


04/27/2016

CMBS Alert: Anchors Aweigh: Substantial Losses Likely for Postcrisis Hudson Valley Mall Loan as Vacancy Continues to Climb

CMBS


04/27/2016

CMBS Alert: The Clock Runs Out on Sports Authority With $3.72 Billion in CMBS Exposure, $729.5 Million at Risk

CMBS


04/25/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, March

CMBS


04/25/2016

CMBS Alert: Sears Shrinks Footprint: Nine Loans in CMBS, Five with Elevated Default Risk

CMBS


04/20/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, March

CMBS


04/18/2016

CMBS Alert: Sporting Goods Shakeout: Sport Chalet Parent Files for Bankruptcy Protection; 11 CMBS Loans Exposed

CMBS


04/08/2016

RMBS Research: Despite Headaches for Originators, TRID Impact to Securitization Appears Limited

RMBS


04/01/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, February

CMBS


04/01/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, February

CMBS


03/31/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental - Performance Summary Report, March

RMBS


03/31/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental - Performance Summary Tables, March

RMBS


03/09/2016

CMBS Alert: Sports Authority Exits the Field, Leaving Six CMBS Loans with Higher Default Risk

CMBS


03/03/2016

CMBS Alert: Second-Largest Tenant in Houston Office Building Misses Debt Payment

CMBS


03/01/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, January

CMBS


02/29/2016

RMBS Research: Resurgence of Nonagency Single-Property Investor Loans

RMBS


02/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental - Performance Summary Report, February

RMBS


02/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental - Performance Summary Tables, February 

RMBS


02/29/2016

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, January

CMBS


02/29/2016

ABS Commentary: Impact of Slowing Global Trade on Shipping Container-Backed ABS

ABS


02/29/2016

RMBS Commentary: Rents Increase in Single-Family Rental

RMBS


02/23/2016

CMBS Commentary: Wine or Vinegar: How Have 2016 and 2017 Maturing Loans Aged?

CMBS


02/17/2016

CMBS Alert: Recent Sears Closings Affect Just One CMBS Loan

CMBS


02/17/2016

CMBS Alert: Sears and Kmart Loans_February

CMBS


02/16/2016

ABS Commentary: Longevity Not the Primary Risk to Every Life Settlement ABS

ABS


02/11/2016

CMBS Alert: Buffet Operator Closes Restaurants Helps Itself to Just One CMBS Loan

CMBS


02/08/2016

CMBS Alert: Expected Sports Authority Bankruptcy Filing Hikes Risk to CMBS Loans

CMBS


02/08/2016

CMBS Alert: Sports Authority Loans_January

CMBS


02/05/2016

CMBS Alert: Sewing Materials Retailer Hancock Fabrics Unravels

CMBS


01/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental - Performance Summary Report, January

RMBS


01/29/2016

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental - Performance Summary Tables, January

RMBS


01/29/2016

CMBS Surveillance:  Maturity Report, December

CMBS


01/26/2016

CMBS Surveillance - Delinquency Report, December

CMBS


01/21/2016

ABS Commentary: Taking a Dip in a Concentrated Pool, Analyzing Big-Ticket Commercial Asset Financings

ABS


01/15/2016

ABS Commentary: Nontraditional ABS Poised for Strong Issuance in 2016

ABS


01/12/2016

CMBS Alert: Macy's Slims Down - Morningstar Expects More Store Closings

CMBS


01/05/2016

RMBS Research: Jumbo Issuance Remains Sluggish; As Goes Jumbo, so Goes RMBS, January

RMBS


12/30/2015

CMBS Alert: North Dakota Going South

CMBS


12/30/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, December

RMBS


12/30/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Tables, December 

RMBS


12/29/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, November

CMBS


12/17/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Market Update 

RMBS


12/17/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, November

CMBS


12/10/2015

CMBS Alert: Two City Place Energy Tenant Hits Oil Slick

CMBS


12/08/2015

CMBS Alert: $114.6 Million CityWest Loan Gets Drilled

CMBS


12/04/2015

CMBS Alert: Colony Square Reportedly Gets Recapitalized

CMBS


11/30/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, November

RMBS


11/30/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Tables, November

RMBS


11/25/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, October

CMBS


11/23/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, October

CMBS


11/05/2015

CMBS Alert: Limited Effect on CMBS from Bankrupt Grocer Fresh & Easy

CMBS


11/03/2015

CMBS Alert: Recapitalization Coming for Bush Terminal

CMBS


10/29/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, October

RMBS


10/29/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Tables, October

RMBS


10/29/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, September

CMBS


10/27/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, September

CMBS


10/21/2015

RMBS Research: Issuance of Single-Family Rental Securitizations Tops $13 Billion

RMBS


10/06/2015

CMBS Alert: South Carolina Flooding

CMBS


10/06/2015

CMBS Alert: South Carolina Flooding Loans

CMBS


09/30/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, September

RMBS


09/30/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Tables, September

RMBS


09/24/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, August

CMBS


09/21/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, August

CMBS


09/14/2015

ABS Research: Evaluating the Role of Representations and Warranties in Marketplace-Lending Securitizations

ABS


09/03/2015

CMBS Research: Tenant Issues Mount for Maple Drive Portfolio CMBS Loan

CMBS


08/31/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, August

RMBS


08/31/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Tables, August

RMBS


08/27/2015

ABS Research: Credit Strength of Junior Notes in Structured-Settlement

ABS


08/25/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, July

CMBS


08/20/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Maturity Report, July

CMBS


08/04/2015

ABS Research: Challenges in Marketplace Lending ABS

ABS


07/31/2015

CMBS Surveillance: Delinquency Report, June

CMBS


07/29/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Report, July

RMBS


07/29/2015

RMBS Research: Single-Family Rental Performance Summary Tables, July

RMBS















          JavaScript and Cookies need to be enabled to show the full capabilities of the Morningstar Credit Ratings website.
        























                  Credit
              

                Ratings
              






                Credit
              

                Ratings
              










































Sign In





Product


CMBS Ratings
CMBS Lead Generator
RMBS Analytics







User Name 







Password 




Forgot your password?  Click here 










Terms and Conditions





Terms of Use


Table of Contents




Terms of Use Generally.
Copyrights, Trademarks and Service Marks.
Privacy Policy.
Access Restrictions.
Content Restrictions.
Links to Other Websites.
Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability; Indemnification; Exclusive Jurisdiction and Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial.
NRSRO Disclosures.
CUSIP® Information.









                            Terms of Use Generally.
                            
These Terms of Use (the "Terms of Use") contain terms, provisions, covenants and conditions to which you are subject when you access or use any or all of this Website.  You are also subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations when you access and use this Website.  References herein to this "Website" means ratingagency.morningstar.com and all of its website content (the "Content"), including, without limitation, any and all credit ratings and other opinions, services, products, software, reports, information, data and other content displayed, provided or accessed by or through ratingagency.morningstar.com.  This Website is the property of, and is operated by, Morningstar Credit Ratings LLC ("Morningstar").  Morningstar is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization ("NRSRO") as defined under applicable United States securities laws, rules and regulations.  At any time the terms "credit ratings", "letter-grade ratings", "rating opinions", "rating outlook" or terms of similar import are used in this Terms of Use, each such term shall include all of the preceding terms collectively, as well as any other rating opinions provided by Morningstar.
Each time you access or use this Website, you thereby acknowledge and agree that you have read, understood and agreed to observe and be bound by the Terms of Use.  If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, you may not use this Website.
The Terms of Use and this Website are subject to revision at any time, from time to time, with or without notice.  In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Terms of Use and this Website are subject to revision by reason of new laws, rules or regulations, or amendments, modifications or other changes to existing laws, rule or regulations, or interpretations thereof, any of which may be implemented or apply to any of the Terms of Use, this Website, NRSROs, Morningstar, or related items or matters at any time and may apply retroactively.  The Terms of Use shall be interpreted, as determined by Morningstar, in a manner to comply with the foregoing.
Your rights to use certain pages or areas of this Website may be subject to a separate subscription or other form of agreement with Morningstar (each, a "Separate Agreement").  Your Separate Agreement governs in the event of any express conflict therein with the Terms of Use unless you receive notice and agree otherwise.  For the avoidance of doubt, if your Separate Agreement is silent on terms covered by this Terms of Use, this Terms of Use governs such terms.  Except as expressly provided by your Separate Agreement(s), if any, the Terms of Use represent your entire agreement with Morningstar with respect to this Website and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written between Morningstar and you with respect to this Website.




                            Copyrights, Trademarks and Service Marks.
                            
All Content is property that is owned by or licensed to Morningstar and is protected by copyright, trademark, service mark and other applicable intellectual property laws.  All trademarks, service marks, images, logos and trade names published by this Website are proprietary to their respective owners and are protected by applicable intellectual property laws.  Morningstar’s name and logo are its registered marks.  Marks used in conjunction with Morningstar services and products are property of Morningstar.  All other marks are the property of their respective owners.  Any unauthorized use thereof is strictly prohibited.  All rights reserved.
Morningstar and its licensors, as applicable, reserve and retain all proprietary rights in or to the Content and do not grant you any express or implied right in any Content.  You may not delete or alter any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary notices from any Content.  Refer to Section 9 of the Terms of Use regarding CUSIP® Information.
You may not copy, reproduce, distribute, redistribute, transfer, transmit, retransmit, disseminate, sell, license, publish, display, broadcast, circulate, recompile, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, modify, alter, frame, store, archive or create any derivative  of any Content without Morningstar’s express written consent.  You may not access or use any Content other than for your private, non-commercial use (and for any such use you shall retain any and all such copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary notices contained therein).




                            Privacy Policy.
                            
Each time you access or use this Website, you agree and consent to the applicability, to you, of Morningstar’s practices regarding the collection, retention and use of data and information from access or use of this Website.
Certain pages of this Website may request that you enter certain personal information, e.g., name, address, e-mail address, employer, job title, department, telephone or facsimile numbers, or other personal identifying information.  Your responses to these requests are voluntary; however, if you do not provide the requested information and that information is required to access or use those pages or that area of this Website, you will not be able to access or use those pages or that area of this Website.
Morningstar will not sell or otherwise disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third parties without your permission, except as provided herein or as required or permitted by applicable law, for example, to comply with a subpoena or regulatory requirement or to protect against fraud or illegal activity.  Morningstar reserves the right to view, review, monitor, record, and analyze data and information from access or use of this Website to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.  Such data and information may be subject to disclosure by or to law enforcement organizations, in connection with criminal investigation, prosecution or other matters, or by or to private parties, in civil litigation or other matters.  Morningstar does not warrant or guarantee confidentiality of any communication, data, information or other item transmitted by means of the internet.  You assume all risk with respect to your access or use of this Website or the internet.
Certain pages or areas of this Website cannot be accessed or used without a valid password.  You are responsible to keep your password confidential and to not permit unauthorized use of this Website by the use of your password.  You will immediately notify Morningstar if you become aware of any loss or theft of your password or any unauthorized use of your password.  Morningstar reserves the right to delete or change a password at any time and for any or no reason.
Morningstar’s collection, retention and use of data and information from access or use of this Website may be undertaken or performed by Morningstar or service providers of Morningstar and may include the collection of domain names and e-mail addresses of Website visitors.  Information may be aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on this Website, pages viewed, and similar information.  Morningstar reserves the right to compile and use aggregate data, and provide such aggregate data to third parties for statistical analysis.  Morningstar may use this information to measure and analyze the use of this Website, to modify the content of this Website or to inform you about Morningstar products and services.
Morningstar may use "cookies" to track your visits to this Website.  A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you.  A cookie functions as an identification card, recording your passwords, purchases and preferences.  A cookie may be used to provide tailored information to you.  Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies.  You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.  For Website pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional.  Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those Website pages.  While Morningstar may use cookies to track your visit to this Website, and our servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, this information does not identify you personally and you remain anonymous unless you have otherwise provided Morningstar with personal information.




                            Access Restrictions.
                            

                                    Each time you access or use this Website, you: (a) acknowledge, understand and agree that you have only a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access or use this Website, at all times and in all events subject to, and conditioned upon your continued compliance with, the Terms of Use and all applicable laws, rules and regulations; (b) represent and warrant to Morningstar that you will not use this Website for any use or purpose that is unlawful or that is otherwise prohibited by the Terms of Use; (c) represent that you are at least 18 years old; and (d) agree not to:
                                    
upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit to this Website: (a) any material that Morningstar deems to be unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, misleading, deceptive, vulgar, offensive, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, hateful or invasive of the rights of any person (individual or entity); or (b) any computer code or file that contains any virus, worm, Trojan horse or other program that is likely to harm or impair this Website or the functioning of this Website;
use any "deep-link," "scraper," "robot," "bot," "spider," "data-mining," "computer code" or any other automated device, program, tool, algorithm, process, or methodology or manual process having similar processes or functionality, to access, acquire, copy, or monitor any portion of this Website;
violate the restrictions in any robot inclusion headers on this Website or in any way bypass or circumvent any other measure employed to limit or prevent access to this Website
violate the security of, or seek unauthorized access to, this Website or any related system, network or server, through hacking, password mining or any other means;
obtain through any means by or through this Website any Content that Morningstar has not intentionally made available publicly or to you under your Separate Agreement;
interfere with the functionality of this Website; or
impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load or burden on this Website or any related system, network or server, or, with respect to each of the foregoing, attempt to do so.


Your use of this website may be subject to sales, use or similar taxes.  If you access or use this Website, Morningstar may invoice you, and you agree to pay, all such taxes that apply to your access and/or use.




                            Content Restrictions.
                            
You acknowledge, understand and agree that: (a) all credit ratings and other opinions, services, products, reports, information, data and other Content are: (i) provided solely for information purposes and not as financial, investment, tax or other advice, (ii) subject to any and all qualifications, limitations and parameters enumerated in any related materials related to such ratings provided by Morningstar, any initial ratings letter and/or subsequent confirmation letters or surveillance information provided by Morningstar, and Morningstar’s policies and procedures and methodology; and (iii) subject to applicable laws, rules and regulation, and you agree to reasonably cooperate with Morningstar in the event your cooperation is needed to comply therewith; and (b) all credit ratings and other opinions and similar or related reports, information, data and other Content are mere opinions, nothing else, and that, with respect thereto, Morningstar does not waive any protections, privileges or defenses available under applicable laws, rules or regulations, including, without limitation, the First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States of America.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that, with respect to all Content that is based on or incorporates information and data provided by third parties ("Third-Party Information") including, without limitation, issuers, sponsors, arrangers, servicers, special servicers, trustees, asset managers, securities administrators, paying agents, data vendors, subcontractors, and other third-party sources of reports, information or data, including, without limitation, engineering reports, environmental reports, appraisals, and rent rolls : (a) each such third party is solely responsible for its respective Third Party Information including, without limitation, the accuracy, completeness or reliability thereof; (b) the provision of Third-Party Information is not intended, does not imply and shall not be construed as any form of recommendation or endorsement of or responsibility for any Third-Party Information; (c) no Third-Party Information has been verified by Morningstar; (d) ALL THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTY OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND; (e) Morningstar has no responsibility or liability for or control over, third-party information; and (f) MORNINGSTAR DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY, REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTIES AND WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) FOR OR WITH RESPECT TO ALL THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that: (a) all and any preliminary or final Third-Party Information is solely for your convenience and may or may not be provided in connection with any transaction; (b) all information contained or incorporated by reference in any Third Party Information may not be accurate as of any date (other than, if applicable, the date set forth therein as the date of the information contained or incorporated by reference therein) and may be outdated, unreliable or inaccurate; (c) no Third Party Information has been updated since the date set forth therein and material events affecting the information contained or incorporated by reference therein may have occurred since such date; (d) Morningstar is under no obligation to supplement, update, provide, correct or disseminate any Third Party Information; (e) Third Party Information shall not constitute a solicitation, recommendation, endorsement or offer by Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives, or anyone else, to buy or sell any security or other financial instrument or investment; and (f) no Third Party Information (i) shall be distributed or redistributed, (ii) is intended for distribution or redistribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution, redistribution or use would violate any applicable law, or (iii) may be relied upon for any purpose.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that: (a) you shall not rely on any Content as any form of advice or in making any financial, investment, tax or other decision or with respect to any other act or omission; (b) you assume sole responsibility and risk for evaluating the merits and risks associated with any financial, investment, tax or other decision based on any Content or any other act or omission based on any content; and (c) although Content may refer or relate to securities or other financial instruments or investments, including, without limitation, pools or loans, or real or other properties, neither you nor anyone else shall construe any Content as: (i) financial, investment, tax or other advice; (ii) a solicitation, recommendation, endorsement or offer by Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives, or anyone else, to buy or sell any security or other financial instrument or investment, including, without limitation, any pool or loan, or real or other properties; or (iii) "investment advice" within the meaning of US Department of Labor regulation 29 C.F.R Section 2510.3-21(c) under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.  With respect to any and all securities or other financial instruments or investments, past performance is not necessarily indicative, and is not guarantee of, future performance or results.
Neither Morningstar nor any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives: (a) provide financial, investment, tax or other advice; (b) shall have any liability to anyone for any Claims (as defined in Section 7.6 of the Terms of Use) that arise from or relate to any financial, investment, tax or other decision, act or omission based on any Content; or (c) is or shall be considered to be an investment adviser, investment manager or fiduciary, to any anyone, including, without limitation, any employee benefit plan or other plan, or otherwise.  You shall not in any manner state, suggest or imply that Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives has acted or is acting as an investment adviser, investment manager or fiduciary to you or anyone else.  You understand that Morningstar has not consented to, and will not consent to, (i) being named an "expert" under the federal securities laws including, without limitation, Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, or (ii) the integration, publication, inclusion or reference of any ratings, analysis or other information pertaining to Morningstar and/or the ratings contemplated hereunder in any prospectuses or registration statements or otherwise integrated or used in a manner that could impede  (i) or (ii) of this sentence.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that in connection with any letter-grade ratings or rating outlook or similar opinion provided by Morningstar, you shall solely consider such rating opinion based on the qualifications, procedures, methodology and caveats corresponding to such rating opinion as set forth on this website, including, without limitation the Morningstar Analysis and Considerations link at ratingagency.morningstar.com and Ratings Reports at ratingagency.morningstar.com and/or in the related ratings letters, related reports or other communication provided by Morningstar on the website or by other means determined by Morningstar.  You agree that you have reviewed and understand such qualifications, procedures, methodology and caveats and related items as they relate to any rating opinion you have viewed.   Any rating opinion should not be considered without an understanding and review of the preceding factors.  In addition, you understand and agree that any rating opinions, analysis, projections, observations, Content or other items constituting part of any information provided by Morningstar on this website or otherwise are and must be construed solely as statements of opinion and not statements of fact.




                            Links to Other Websites.
                            
Morningstar may provide links to other websites or Third-Party Information.  You acknowledge, understand and agree that, with respect to such links, other websites or Third-Party Information: (a) Morningstar has no responsibility or liability therefore or control thereof including, without limitation, the accuracy, completeness or reliability thereof; (b) Morningstar’s provision thereof is not intended, does not imply and shall not be construed as any form of recommendation or endorsement thereof or responsibility therefore; (c) no such other link or website or Third-Party Information has been verified by Morningstar; (d) EACH SUCH OTHER LINK, WEBSITE OR THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTY OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND; and (e) MORNINGSTAR DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY, REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTIES AND WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) FOR OR WITH RESPECT TO ALL SUCH OTHER LINKS, WEBSITES OR THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION. ALL TERMS, PROVISIONS, COVENANTS, CONDITIONS, RESTRICTIONS, DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH THEREIN OR IN THE TERMS OF USE APPLY THERETO.




                            Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability; Indemnification; Exclusive Jurisdiction and Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial.
                            
THIS WEBSITE AND ALL CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTY OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. MORNINGSTAR, AND ITS INFORMATION OR SERVICE PROVIDERS, DO NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY, REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTIES AND WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE) FOR OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL OF THE FOLLOWING (COLLECTIVELY, THE "NON-WARRANTED MATTERS"): (A) THIS WEBSITE; (B) ALL CONTENT; (C) ANY FINANCIAL, INVESTMENT, TAX OR OTHER DECISION, ACT OR OMISSION MADE IN RELIANCE ON OR BASED ON ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT; (D) WHETHER ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT INFRINGES UPON ANY COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARK, SERVICE MARK OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR OTHER PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY OR IS DEFAMATORY TO OR INVASIVE OF ANY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY; (E) ANY ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, OR CORRECT SEQUENCING, OR ANY FAILURES, DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES, OF ANY OR ALL CREDIT RATINGS, OTHER OPINIONS, SERVICES, PRODUCTS, SOFTWARE, REPORTS, INFORMATION, DATA AND OTHER CONTENT, WHETHER ORIGINATED BY MORNINGSTAR, LICENSED BY MORNINGSTAR FROM ANY SUCH INFORMATION OR SERVICE PROVIDER, OBTAINED BY MORNINGSTAR FROM THIRD PARTIES OR PUBLICLY-AVAILABLE SOURCES, OR OTHERWISE; OR (F) ANY AND ALL ACCESS TO OR USE OF ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WHETHER ANY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT SHALL BE FREE OF (I) FAILURES, DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES, OR (II) ANY COMPUTER CODE OR FILE THAT CONTAINS ANY VIRUS, WORM, TROJAN HORSE OR OTHER PROGRAM THAT MAY HARM, IMPAIR OR BE DETRIMENTAL TO ANY OTHER COMPUTER, SYSTEM, SERVER OR NETWORK.
You waive, release and relinquish, and shall have no recourse against Morningstar or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants or other representatives for, any and all Claims (as defined in Section 7.6 of the Terms of Use) arising from or related to any or all of the Non-Warranted Matters.
In the event that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Terms of Use, Morningstar shall be held liable to you with respect to any such Claims, Morningstar’s liability to you shall not exceed the amount of the fees you actually paid to Morningstar during the one-month period immediately preceding the date when the first such Claim shall have arisen.  In no event shall Morningstar be liable for any incidental, special, indirect, consequential, reliance, punitive or other exemplary damages, including, without limitation, any loss of profits, data or interest, any penalties or assessments imposed under applicable laws or otherwise.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Morningstar and its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants and other representatives for any and all third-party claims for Claims arising from or related to any breach or violation by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of the Terms of Use or any access or use by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of this Website or any Content for any use or purpose that is unlawful or otherwise prohibited by the Terms of Use.  Morningstar reserves the right to assume the control and defense of any such matter.  In the event that Morningstar shall assume the control and defense of any such matter, you shall cooperate with Morningstar in this regard including, without limitation, in the assertion of defenses and mandatory counterclaims therein.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, with respect to any Claims arising from or related to any breach or violation by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of the Terms of Use or any access or use by you (or anyone using your password to access this Website) of this Website or any Content, you: (a) consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal court located closest to Morningstar’s principal place of business; (b) waive any objection (including, without limitation, any based upon grounds of "forum non conveniens") that you now or hereafter may have to such jurisdiction or venue; and (c) waive any right to trial by jury of any Claim arising from or in connection with your access or use of this Website or Content, whether now existing or hereafter arising, and whether sounding in contract, warranty, tort or otherwise.
In the Terms of Use, "Claims" shall mean all actions, causes of action, claims, demands, duties, liabilities, obligations, judgments, fines, penalties, damages, losses, fees, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’, consultant’s and expert witness’ fees, costs and expenses.
Morningstar shall have no responsibility or liability for any event of "force majeure" under applicable law or any other failures, delays, interruptions, errors, omissions, or inaccuracies with respect to this Website, including, without limitation, all services, products, software and other Content that was caused by any reason or event reason or event beyond Morningstar’s reasonable control, including, without limitation, any natural calamity, act of God or a public enemy, act of any military, civil or regulatory authority, change in any law or regulation, disruption or outage of communications, utility or other power or any other failure to perform by any internet, information or service provider or any other person (individual or entity).
Morningstar’s failure to insist on strict performance of any of the Terms of Use shall not operate as a waiver of any other of the Terms of Use.  The terms and provisions of the Terms of Use are severable, such that, if any term or provision hereof shall be held invalid or unenforceable, the other terms and provisions shall remain valid and enforceable.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that the terms and conditions herein shall survive any termination of your right of access to or use of the materials identified herein.




                            NRSRO Disclosures.
                            
Morningstar publishes its current Form NRSRO and Exhibits thereto on this Website.  Form NRSRO Exhibit 2 sets forth Morningstar’s definitions of its letter-grade credit ratings and its rating outlooks and a general description of Morningstar’s credit rating procedures and methodologies.  These definitions, procedures and methodologies are an integral part of Morningstar’s letter-grade credit ratings and rating outlooks published on this Website.
An NRSRO must disclose on its website its rating actions for ten percent (10%) of its credit ratings, selected on a random basis, for each class of securities for which it is registered as an NRSRO and has 500 or more outstanding issuer-paid credit ratings, with each required disclosure of a new rating action to be made no later than six months after the rating action was taken.  Rule 17g-2(d)(2).
An NRSRO must disclose on its website all rating actions for any credit rating initially determined by the NRSRO on or after June 26, 2007 within: (a) 12 months for issuer-paid credit ratings; and (b) 24 months for other (e.g., unsolicited or subscriber-paid) credit ratings.  Rule 17g-2(d)(3)(i).
An NRSRO must: (a) maintain on a password-protected website (i) a list of each structured finance security for which it is currently in the process of determining an initial credit rating that was paid for by the issuer, sponsor, or underwriter, and (ii) the website address where the issuer, sponsor, or underwriter of the security represents that the ratings information can be accessed; and (b) provide free and unlimited access to such password-protected website to any NRSRO that provides it with a copy of the required certification.  Rules 17g-5(a)(3); 17g-5(e).
You agree that you shall not access or use any Content published or disclosed on this Website pursuant to, or as required by, United States securities laws, rules and regulations applicable to NRSROs other than as specifically and expressly permitted and contemplated by such laws, rules and regulations.
All restrictions, disclaimers and limitations of liability set forth in the Terms of Use apply to all Content published or disclosed on this Website pursuant to, or as required by, United States securities laws, rules and regulations applicable to NRSROs but are not intended and shall not be construed to restrict access to or use of any such Content as specifically and expressly permitted and contemplated by such laws, rules and regulations.




                            CUSIP® Information.
                            
CUSIP® is a registered trademark of the American Bankers Association ("ABA").  CUSIP identifiers have been provided by CUSIP Global Services ("CGS"), formerly known as CUSIP Service Bureau, managed by Standard & Poor’s Financial Services, on behalf of the ABA and are not for use or dissemination in a manner that would serve as a substitute for any CUSIP Service.  The CUSIP Database, © 2010 American Bankers Association.  CUSIP information, such as security identifiers and related descriptive information (the "CUSIP Database"), is protected under copyright laws.  From time to time, Morningstar obtains CUSIP information from Third-Party Information.
Certain SEC rules applicable to NRSROs may require an NRSRO to maintain a record of CUSIP information of securities rated by the NRSRO and to publish CUSIP information of securities rated by the NRSRO for which a rating, rating history, rating action or other information is made publicly available on its website (collectively, the "Ratings History").
You acknowledge, understand and agree that the CUSIP Database and all CUSIP information contained therein is and shall remain valuable intellectual property owned by, or licensed to, CGS and the ABA, and that no proprietary rights are being transferred to you in such materials or in any of the information contained therein.  Any use by you outside of the clearing and settlement of transactions requires a license from CGS, along with an associated fee based on usage.  You agree that misappropriation or misuse of such materials will cause serious damage to CGS and ABA, and that in such event money damages may not constitute sufficient compensation to CGS and ABA; consequently, you agree that in the event of any misappropriation or misuse, CGS and ABA shall have the right to obtain injunctive relief in addition to any other remedies to which CGS and ABA may be entitled.  You agree that you shall not publish or distribute in any medium the CUSIP Database or any CUSIP information contained therein or summaries or subsets thereof to any person (individual or entity) except in connection with the normal clearing and settlement of security transactions.  You agree that the use of CUSIP numbers and descriptions is not intended to create or maintain, and does not serve the purpose of the creation or maintenance of, a master file or database of CUSIP descriptions or numbers for itself or any third-party recipient of such service and is not intended to create and does not serve in any way as a substitute for any current or future services developed by CGS.
You acknowledge and understand that certain information will be provided to CGS in connection with your downloading, or access or use, of the CUSIP Database and CUSIP information contained therein, which may include your IP address, number of bytes downloaded, phone and e-mail address. This information will be used solely for purposes of monitoring compliance with these Terms of Use.  This information will be stored securely in the U.S. and may be reviewed and corrected by contacting cusip_custservice@cusip.com. For additional information about CGS’s Customer Privacy practices, please go to www.cusip.com.
NEITHER CGS, ABA NOR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES MAKE ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE CUSIP DATABASE.  ALL SUCH MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED TO VISITORS AND USERS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES AS TO MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE NOR WITH RESPECT TO THE RESULTS WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF SUCH MATERIALS.  NEITHER CGS, ABA NOR THEIR AFFILIATES SHALL HAVE ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS NOR SHALL THEY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL, EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE LIABILITY OF CGS, ABA OR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES PURSUANT TO ANY CAUSE OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE FEE PAID BY VISITOR FOR ACCESS TO SUCH MATERIALS IN THE MONTH IN WHICH SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS ALLEGED TO HAVE ARISEN. FURTHERMORE, CGS AND ABA SHALL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR DELAYS OR FAILURES DUE TO CIRCUMSTANCES BEYOND THEIR CONTROL.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that the foregoing terms and conditions shall survive any termination of your right of access to or use of the materials identified above.











Accept
Decline






Email Verification







Email Address 







 











NRSRO Login







User Name 







Password 







Login
Cancel













© 2017 Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC. All rights reserved.






 About Us 


 News & Events 


Careers 



            Terms Of Use
            



          Privacy Policy
        


 Contact Us 



 












        Turn on switch to see debug info.
      


        JavaScript and Cookies need to be enabled to show the full capabilities of the Morningstar Credit Ratings website.
      



        JavaScript and Cookies need to be enabled to show the full capabilities of the Morningstar Credit Ratings website.
      

























 



 Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC Affirms Its MOR RV1 Residential Vendor Ranking for ServiceLink 
         










    










 













 











 



















Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC Affirms Its MOR RV1 Residential Vendor Ranking for ServiceLink
        																																												
              
















 News provided by
Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC  
Jun 28, 2017, 15:52 ET









 Share this article




























































NEW YORK , June 28, 2017  /PRNewswire/ -- Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC today affirmed its MOR RV1 residential vendor ranking for ServiceLink Valuation Solutions, LLC (ServiceLink), a subsidiary of Fidelity National Financial, as a residential vendor in the asset valuation market. Morningstar's forecast for the ranking is Stable. 








ServiceLink incorporates strong vendor-selection criteria and vendor-rating protocols in its platform that effectively measure vendor performance, and this is reflected in the company's execution of key performance indicators pursuant to service-level agreements with its clients. The company has developed a scoring system to monitor and measure performance and product quality, enabling senior management to assess capacity and workflow to meet or exceed client benchmarks. 
ServiceLink continues to develop technology enhancements to better serve its clients. With the rollout of its EXOS platform, the company now offers mobile technology that streamlines the appraisal scheduling process. EXOS includes a real-time calendar, allowing the customer to schedule an appraisal date that is convenient. Appointment details are sent to the appraiser, and the appraiser's profile and picture are sent to the customer for validation and security. The customer receives educational information regarding the appraisal process as well. The scheduling process can be confirmed in minutes, and the time between an order scheduled and completed is dramatically reduced.
The company has established a multilevel risk-mitigation culture that includes internal audits, quality control, self-risk assessment methodologies, and compliance resources. An independent third-party audit to review compliance with the appraisal independence requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is secured, and an annual Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements No. 16, Reporting on Controls at a Service Organization (SSAE 16 report) is also obtained.
The company has developed policies and procedures to ensure the consistent application of company practices and compliance with regulatory requirements. A pervasive training and continuing-education culture provides opportunities for staff and management while minimizing turnover. ServiceLink's flexible technology platform and ability to leverage the parent company's many product offerings in the real estate industry should continue to provide market growth opportunities and strategic business diversification.
About Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC and Morningstar, Inc. Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization (NRSRO) offering a wide array of services including new-issue ratings and analysis, operational risk assessments, surveillance services, data, and technology solutions. 
Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC is a subsidiary of Morningstar, Inc. (Nasdaq:   MORN), a leading provider of independent investment research in North America, Europe, Australia, and Asia.
Morningstar, Inc. is a leading provider of independent investment research in North America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. The company offers an extensive line of products and services for individual investors, financial advisors, asset managers, retirement plan providers and sponsors, and institutional investors in the private capital markets. Morningstar provides data and research insights on a wide range of investment offerings, including managed investment products, publicly listed companies, private capital markets, and real-time global market data. Morningstar also offers investment management services through its investment advisory subsidiaries, with more than $200 billion in assets under advisement and management as of March 31, 2017. The company has operations in 27 countries. Morningstar, Inc. is not an NRSRO and does not issue NRSRO credit ratings.
 
Media Contact:  Vanessa Sussman, +1 646 560-4541 or vanessa.sussman@morningstar.com 
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
MORN-R
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/morningstar-credit-ratings-llc-affirms-its-mor-rv1-residential-vendor-ranking-for-servicelink-300481460.html
SOURCE Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC



 


















Jun 27, 2017, 15:25 ET
Preview: Lea Overby Named Head of Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities (CMBS) Research and Analytics for Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jun 27, 2017, 15:25 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Lea Overby Named Head of Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities...








 











Apr 24, 2017, 09:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Morningstar Credit Ratings Announces Launch of Next Generation...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services








 You just read:
Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC Affirms Its MOR RV1 Residential Vendor Ranking for ServiceLink


 News provided by
Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC  
Jun 28, 2017, 15:52 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 







Morningstar Products by Category ǀ Morningstar US





















































U.S.A.













                                                                         
                                                                        Asia












                                                                         
                                                                        Australia












                                                                         
                                                                        Belgium/Luxembourg (Dutch)












                                                                         
                                                                        Belgium/Luxembourg (French)












                                                                         
                                                                        Canada (English)












                                                                         
                                                                        Canada (French)












                                                                         
                                                                        Chile












                                                                         
                                                                        Denmark












                                                                         
                                                                        Finland












                                                                         
                                                                        France












                                                                         
                                                                        Germany












                                                                         
                                                                        India












                                                                         
                                                                        Italy












                                                                         
                                                                        Mexico












                                                                         
                                                                        The Netherlands












                                                                         
                                                                        New Zealand












                                                                         
                                                                        Norway












                                                                         
                                                                        Spain












                                                                         
                                                                        Sweden












                                                                         
                                                                        U.K.















HomeProductsProducts by AudienceAlliances and RedistributorsAsset Management FirmsBrokerage FirmsFinancial AdvisorsIndividual InvestorsInsurance CompaniesInvestment BanksInvestment ConsultantsRetirement Plan ProvidersRetirement Plan SponsorsAll ProductsBy CategoryA-Z ListResearchQualityQuality at MorningstarOur Guiding Principles of QualityThe Morningstar Quality ProgramMorningstar's Journey to QualityQuality Leaders at MorningstarCompanyAbout UsWho We AreThe Morningstar StoryMorningstar TimelineLeadershipRecognitionDiversity and InclusionCommunity OutreachBehavioral Science Advisory BoardGlobal ContactsMorningstar EventsNewsroomNews ArchivePress KitsResearch LibraryImage GalleryMorningstar ExpertsMedia Relations ContactsNews and SEC Filing AlertsMorningstar AwardsInvestor RelationsSEC FilingsAnnual ReportsEarnings ReleasesCalendar of EventsInvestor CommunicationsInvestor Relations ContactsCareersJobs by FunctionResearch and AnalysisTechnology and DevelopmentDesignInvestment Management and ConsultingDatabase Operations and ImplementationProject ManagementSales and Client ServiceMarketing and Product ManagementEditorial and Corporate CommunicationsHuman ResourcesLegal and ComplianceAccounting and FinanceGeneral Operations and FacilitiesMorningstar Development ProgramInternshipsCareers at MorningstarWorking at MorningstarWho We HireEmployee StoriesBenefitsOur Mission and Values







































Products A-Z
Products by Category












Conferences and EventsMorningstar ETF ConferenceMorningstar Individual Investor ConferenceMorningstar Institutional ConferenceMorningstar Investment ConferenceData and IndexesCollective Investment Trust DatabaseCommodity DataDocument LibraryEquity DataGlobal Market Data SolutionsHedge Fund DatabaseManaged Investment DataMarket and Equity DataMorningstar Data for EquitiesMorningstar Data for Managed InvestmentsMorningstar EssentialsMorningstar IndexesMorningstar Markets Commodities Edition Separate Account DatabaseSummary Prospectus ServiceInvestment Management15(c) Board ConsultingInvestment Advisory ServicesManaged PortfoliosMorningstar Investment ManagementMorningstar Investment ServicesRetirement ManagerInvestment ResearchCorporate Credit ResearchEquity Research ServicesExchange-Traded Fund ResearchMorningstar Credit Ratings, LLC (NRSRO)Structured Credit Ratings and ResearchInvestor Products and ServicesBooks:The Five Rules for Successful Stock InvestingFund SpyGuide to Mutual FundsThe Ultimate Dividend PlaybookClient Communications:Andex ChartsIbbotson SBBI Morningstar Communications SuitePeriodicals:DividendInvestorETFInvestorFundInvestorMorningstar magazineStockInvestorWebsites and Services:Investment Research CenterMorningstar.comSoftware and ServicesAdvisor Software and Services:Advisor WorkstationByAllAccountsCPMS Advisor EditionMorningstar DirectMorningstar Investment ServicesMorningstar OfficeMorningstar Total Rebalance Expert (tRx) Custom Software and Services:Analyst Research CenterEnterprise Data ManagementHypothetical IllustratorEnterprise ComponentsMorningstar Reporting Solutions Institutional Software and Services:Advertising ServicesAnnuity IntelligenceAnnuity Research CenterCustomer and Employee Incentive ProgramsInstitutional Marketing and Sales SolutionsMorningstar CPMSMorningstar DirectReprints and Permissions



















Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyGlobal ContactsSecurity CenterJobs

           
           
            © 2017 Morningstar. All rights reserved.
              
  




Disclaimer



Morningstar uses cookies to store information on your computer. This 
allows us to offer you a more personalised online experience. You may 
delete and block cookies, but you will lose access to some of the 
functionality on our websites. View our 
Privacy Policy
 for more information. Please check the box below to give Morningstar permission to use cookies.



Decline
Authorise

















Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 7:58 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC provides credit ratings and research services. The company offers commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS), residential mortgage-backed securities, single-family rental securities, and asset-backed securities. Its product and services include structured finance, including credit modeling, fundamental credit risk analysis, and legal and structural concepts for rating agencies, banks, fund management companies, insurance companies, and legal firms; ratings services, such as new issue ratings, research and surveillance services, ratings and data feeds, and custom surveillance solutions. The company offers CMBS surveillance services are designed for portfolio ...
Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC provides credit ratings and research services. The company offers commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS), residential mortgage-backed securities, single-family rental securities, and asset-backed securities. Its product and services include structured finance, including credit modeling, fundamental credit risk analysis, and legal and structural concepts for rating agencies, banks, fund management companies, insurance companies, and legal firms; ratings services, such as new issue ratings, research and surveillance services, ratings and data feeds, and custom surveillance solutions. The company offers CMBS surveillance services are designed for portfolio managers, analysts, and traders in CMBS or the commercial real estate marketplace. In addition, the company offers ratings/surveillance, operational risk assessments, and research services. Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC was formerly known as Realpoint, LLC and changed its name to Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC in 2011. The company was founded in 2007 and is based in New York, New York with additional offices in Illinois, Pennsylvania, and India. As of May 3, 2010, Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC operates as a subsidiary of Morningstar Inc.
Detailed Description


4 World Trade Center48th FloorNew York, NY 10007United StatesFounded in 2007



Phone: 646-560-4556

Fax: 267-960-6060

ratingagency.morningstar.com







Key Executives for Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC




Ms. Vickie Tillman


      	President
      








Mr. Joe Petro


      	Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Frank A. Innaurato


      	Managing Director of CMBS Analytical Services
      








Mr. Brian Grow


      	Managing Director of Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities
      








Mr. Kenneth Cheng


      	Managing Director of CMBS New Issuance Ratings
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC Key Developments

Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC Appoints Lea Overby as Head of Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities Research and Analytics
Jun 27 17
Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC announced that Lea Overby has been appointed head of commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS) research and analytics. In her new role, Overby will oversee the ongoing management and development of Morningstar's CMBS business, including new issue and surveillance ratings, CMBS research, and CMBS analytical products. Overby is based in New York City and reports to Vickie Tillman, president of Morningstar Credit Ratings. Overby is responsible for leading Morningstar's CMBS and commercial real estate (CRE) rating initiatives, including the management and ongoing development of analytical staff, rating methodologies, criteria, and models, and leading the group's effort to produce insightful analytical output while ensuring a high level of integrity, transparency, and accuracy in Morningstar's CMBS ratings. Previously, Overby was managing director, research at Morningstar Credit Ratings, a position she held since she joined the company in August 2016. Overby has more than 15 years of experience in structured finance as both an investor and a sell-side researcher. Before joining Morningstar, she served as head of CMBS and asset-backed securities (ABS) research at Nomura Securities, where she developed a well-regarded publishing platform focused on CMBS and both consumer and commercial ABS. Prior to Nomura, she served as a junior portfolio manager overseeing a portfolio of primarily CMBS for BNY Mellon Treasury. Overby replaces Charles Citro, who has left Morningstar to pursue other opportunities.


Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC Presents at 6th Annual Investors' Conference on CLOS and Leveraged Loans, May-24-2017 01:00 PM
May 21 17
Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC Presents at 6th Annual Investors' Conference on CLOS and Leveraged Loans, May-24-2017 01:00 PM. Venue: Conrad New York, 102 North End Avenue, New York, NY 10282, United States. Speakers: Jonathan Lam, Senior Vice President.


Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC Presents at IMN's 5th Annual Single Family Rental Investment Forum (East), May-01-2017 11:50 AM
May 1 17
Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC Presents at IMN's 5th Annual Single Family Rental Investment Forum (East), May-01-2017 11:50 AM. Venue: Loews Hotel, Miami Beach, Florida, United States. Speakers: Kevin Dwyer, Senior Vice President – RMBS.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC, please visit ratingagency.morningstar.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC Affirms Its MOR RV1 Residential Vendor Ranking for ServiceLinkHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign in


Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC Assigns MOR RV1 Residential Vendor Ranking to Premium Title in the Real Estate Services MarketHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign in










































Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC Affirms Its MOR RV1 Residential Vendor Ranking for ServiceLink - The Business Journals



































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Build Your Own Lists






 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations






 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +













 






Press Releases



Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC Affirms Its MOR RV1 Residential Vendor Ranking for ServiceLink






Jun 28, 2017, 3:52pm EDT














NEW YORK , June 28, 2017  /PRNewswire/ -- Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC today affirmed its MOR RV1 residential vendor ranking for ServiceLink Valuation Solutions, LLC (ServiceLink), a subsidiary of Fidelity National Financial, as a residential vendor in the asset valuation market. Morningstar's forecast for the ranking is Stable. 



ServiceLink incorporates strong vendor-selection criteria and vendor-rating protocols in its platform that effectively measure vendor performance, and this is reflected in the company's execution of key performance indicators pursuant to service-level agreements with its clients. The company has developed a scoring system to monitor and measure performance and product quality, enabling senior management to assess capacity and workflow to meet or exceed client benchmarks. 
ServiceLink continues to develop technology enhancements to better serve its clients. With the rollout of its EXOS platform, the company now offers mobile technology that streamlines the appraisal scheduling process. EXOS includes a real-time calendar, allowing the customer to schedule an appraisal date that is convenient. Appointment details are sent to the appraiser, and the appraiser's profile and picture are sent to the customer for validation and security. The customer receives educational information regarding the appraisal process as well. The scheduling process can be confirmed in minutes, and the time between an order scheduled and completed is dramatically reduced.
The company has established a multilevel risk-mitigation culture that includes internal audits, quality control, self-risk assessment methodologies, and compliance resources. An independent third-party audit to review compliance with the appraisal independence requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is secured, and an annual Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements No. 16, Reporting on Controls at a Service Organization (SSAE 16 report) is also obtained.
The company has developed policies and procedures to ensure the consistent application of company practices and compliance with regulatory requirements. A pervasive training and continuing-education culture provides opportunities for staff and management while minimizing turnover. ServiceLink's flexible technology platform and ability to leverage the parent company's many product offerings in the real estate industry should continue to provide market growth opportunities and strategic business diversification.
About Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC and Morningstar, Inc. Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization (NRSRO) offering a wide array of services including new-issue ratings and analysis, operational risk assessments, surveillance services, data, and technology solutions. 
Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC is a subsidiary of Morningstar, Inc. (Nasdaq: MORN), a leading provider of independent investment research in North America, Europe, Australia, and Asia.
Morningstar, Inc. is a leading provider of independent investment research in North America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. The company offers an extensive line of products and services for individual investors, financial advisors, asset managers, retirement plan providers and sponsors, and institutional investors in the private capital markets. Morningstar provides data and research insights on a wide range of investment offerings, including managed investment products, publicly listed companies, private capital markets, and real-time global market data. Morningstar also offers investment management services through its investment advisory subsidiaries, with more than $200 billion in assets under advisement and management as of March 31, 2017. The company has operations in 27 countries. Morningstar, Inc. is not an NRSRO and does not issue NRSRO credit ratings.

Media Contact:  Vanessa Sussman, +1 646 560-4541 or vanessa.sussman@morningstar.com 

©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
MORN-R




To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/morningstar-credit-ratings-llc-affirms-its-mor-rv1-residential-vendor-ranking-for-servicelink-300481460.html
SOURCE  Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC




The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Reproduction or redistribution of this content without prior written consent from PR Newswire is strictly prohibited.  is not responsible for this content. Learn more about this service.








 





 





About PR Newswire







                                            The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. The Business Journals is not responsible for this content.
                                        



Learn More







 









 
 


 


  


























Morningstar U.S. | News Archive

























U.S.A.
Asia
Australia
Belgium/Luxembourg (Dutch)
Belgium/Luxembourg (French)
Canada (English)
Canada (French)
Chile
Denmark
France
Finland
Germany
India
Italy
Mexico
The Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Spain
Sweden
U.K.









Home


Products


Products By Audience


Alliances and Redistributors


Asset Management Firms


Brokerage Firms


Financial Advisors


Individual Investors


Insurance Companies


Investment Banks


Investment Consultants


Retirement Plan Providers


Retirement Plan Sponsors




All Products


By Category


A-Z List






Research


Quality



Quality at Morningstar



Our Guiding Principles of Quality


The Morningstar Quality Program




Morningstar's Journey to Quality


Quality Leaders at Morningstar






Company



About Us



Who We Are


The Morningstar Story


Morningstar Timeline


Leadership


Recognition


Diversity and Inclusion


Community Outreach


Behavioral Science Advisory Board


Global Contacts


Morningstar Events





Newsroom



News Archive


Press Kits


Research Library


Image Gallery


Morningstar Experts


Media Relations Contacts


News and SEC Filing Alerts


Morningstar Awards





Investor Relations



SEC Filings


Annual Reports


Earnings Releases


Calendar of Events


Investor Communications


Investor Relations Contacts






Careers



Jobs by Function



Research and Analysis


Technology and Development


Design


Investment Management and Consulting


Database Operations and Implementation


Project Management


Sales and Client Service




Marketing and Product Management


Editorial and Public Relations


Human Resources


Legal and Compliance


Accounting and Finance


General Operations and Facilities


Morningstar Development Program


Internships





Careers at Morningstar



Working at Morningstar


Who We Hire


Employee Stories


Benefits


Our Mission and Values














Newsroom


About UsNewsroomInvestor Relations
				 Press Release
			U.S. Media Contact+1 267-960-6014Michelle Weissmichelle.weiss@morningstar.comMorningstar Credit Ratings, LLC Publishes New U.S. Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities (RMBS) Ratings MethodologyNEW YORK, June 13, 2014—Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC has published a new methodology for U.S. residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) ratings, outlining the process the company applies when rating RMBS transactions. In addition to prime jumbo, alternative-A, and subprime RMBS, the methodology covers agency risk-sharing securities and securities backed by non-qualified mortgages, nonperforming loans, and reperforming loans. Vickie Tillman, president of Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC, said, “We have taken a fresh, holistic approach to the RMBS rating process to help investors gauge the relative default risk of a security against its peers. The methodology integrates several RMBS collateral types into one comprehensive framework to provide consistency across Morningstar’s RMBS ratings, including both new issuance and surveillance.”The new methodology incorporates an enhanced Morningstar Credit Model, a loan-level model the company built using state-of-the-art quantitative practices. The model encompasses robust performance data about the housing market. The Morningstar Credit Model includes submodels based on mortgage types such as fixed-rate 30-year, fixed-rate 15-year, adjustable-rate, adjustable-rate interest only, and fixed-rate interest only. Separate submodels allow the Morningstar Credit Model to account for product-specific idiosyncrasies that provide a broader view on the credit. In addition to enhanced modeling capabilities for borrower payment behavior, the Morningstar Credit Model uses anonymous data from Equifax, Inc., a global information solutions provider. The model also considers economic forecasts, including interest rate and housing price index forecasts—which are stressed at higher rating levels. Morningstar’s rating process includes the review of originators, servicers, and third-party due diligence providers, which will be incorporated into the Morningstar Credit Model to help assess the relative risk of the specified RMBS transaction. Morningstar has 20 letter ratings ranging from ‘AAA’ to ‘D’ including plus and minus gradations to express its opinion about the credit quality of an RMBS based on Morningstar’s policies and procedures. Morningstar’s RMBS ratings supplement the company’s existing ratings of commercial mortgage-backed securities and single-family rental securitizations.Morningstar’s RMBS ratings methodology is available under the Analysis and Considerations section of its website at https://ratingagency.morningstar.com. About Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC and Morningstar, Inc. Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC is a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization (NRSRO) that specializes in structured credit research and ratings, and offers a wide array of services including new-issue ratings and analysis, operational risk assessments, surveillance services, data, and technology solutions.Morningstar Credit Ratings, LLC is a subsidiary of Morningstar, Inc. (NASDAQ: MORN), a leading provider of independent investment research in North America, Europe, Australia, and Asia.Morningstar, Inc. offers an extensive line of products and services for individual investors, financial advisors, asset managers, and retirement plan providers and sponsors. Morningstar provides data on approximately 456,000 investment offerings, including stocks, mutual funds, and similar vehicles, along with real-time global market data on more than 12 million equities, indexes, futures, options, commodities, and precious metals, in addition to foreign exchange and Treasury markets. Morningstar also offers investment management services through its registered investment advisor subsidiaries and had approximately $164 billion in assets under advisement and management as of March 31, 2014. The company has operations in 27 countries.Morningstar, Inc. is not an NRSRO and its credit ratings on corporate and municipal issuers are not NRSRO credit ratings.# # #©2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.MORN-R Printer-friendly versionNews ArchivePress KitsResearch LibraryMorningstar ExpertsMedia Relations ContactsNews and SEC Filing AlertsMorningstar Awards






Terms of Use 
Privacy Policy
Global Contacts
Security Center
Jobs


























						©
			 Morningstar. All rights reserved.  
				


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Mutual Fund Research Tool - T. Rowe Price















































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	


















Log Out
Log In

Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers













 
 


























Home
      / Mutual Funds


Print
Email
Text size




Mutual Fund Research Tool


Find T. Rowe Price mutual funds that match your investment goals.

Filter funds by category, objective, or Morningstar rating. Select the appropriate box on the far left-hand side of the tool.


Sort by rolling over a mutual fund and using the arrows to find key information.


Compare key information such as performance and asset allocation by rolling over individual funds and clicking the "Add to Compare" box. Once you choose your funds, click "Compare Now" button for results.



 


For detailed information about each fund, including its risks, click on the mutual fund name. For standardized total returns as of the most recent calendar quarter end, click on the Performance link within the chart below.



Call an Investment Specialist at 800-365-7530.











Show All Mutual Funds
	There  that match: 


		For investors who plan to retire close to a certain year, these "all in one" funds 
		adjust the mix of stocks and bonds throughout the investor's retirement horizon.
	

		Offer long-term growth potential by investing primarily in stocks of U.S. companies—ranging 
		from broadly diversified to sector-specific.
	

		For investors interested in regular income, these funds invest in corporate- and/or government-issued bonds. 
	

		Offer income free of federal and sometimes state and local taxes by investing in bonds 
		issued by municipalities.
	

		Pursue opportunities in many of today's fastest-growing foreign markets—ranging from 
		globally diversified to region- or country-specific.
	

		Offer diversification and income by investing in bonds issued outside the U.S.
	

		Stress capital preservation and may provide some income—best suited for money 
		designated for short-term goals. 
	

		Convenient, one-step mutual funds that combine stocks and bonds to provide a broadly 
		diversified investment. 
	

		Stresses capital preservation and are best suited for investors who may need to use 
		their savings within a couple years or to fund an emergency reserve.
	

		Designed to generate income and may be particularly beneficial for investors looking 
		to supplement their retirement income. 
	

		Designed specifically for retirement goals. Just choose the fund with the year closest
		to when you expect to retire. 
	

		Provide long-term capital growth potential while seeking to reduce the long-term tax burden.
	

		Provide current income that is free from federal and possibly state and local taxes. Best 
		suited for investors in higher tax brackets.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Independent analysts at Morningstar provide their mutual fund picks on a category-by-category basis.
	

		Long-tenured, well-established mutual funds that investors have chosen for over 15 years.
	

		Funds that charge redemption fees.
	

		Funds that are open to new investors.
	




Category

Target Date Funds
 Domestic Stock Funds
 Domestic Bond Funds
 Tax-Free Bond Funds*
 International &Global Stock Funds
 International &Global Bond Funds
 Money Market Funds1,2
 Asset Allocation Funds

Objective

 Tax-Efficient
 Tax-Exempt*

Ranking
Morningstar Rating:

4 & 5 Star Fundsε
 3 Star Fundsε
 1 & 2 Star Fundsε

Fund Attributes

 Open To New Investors
Redemption Fees

Share Class

Investor Class
I Class







Performance
Ratings + Rankings
Management + Objective
Prices + Yields












1 Retail Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.

2 Government Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.


^ The T. Rowe Price Funds-I Class share the portfolio of an existing fund 
(the original share class of the fund is referred to as the "investor class"). 
The total return figures for I Class shares have been calculated using the performance 
data of the investor class up to the inception date of the I Class (shown in the 
performance sub-tab when the fund is hovered over) and the actual performance 
results of the I Class since that date. Because the I Classes are expected to have 
lower expenses than the Investor Classes, the I Class performance, had it existed 
over the periods shown, would have been higher. 
					

						The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
					
* Some income is subject to state and local taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax.


















		Please wait while we load your data.
	





Fund Comparison







 
 


 





















Our Mission Is Simple.
					  Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
					


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement





Feedback

Mobile Solutions
Contact Us








The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

				©Wed Jul 26 19:58:37 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
				All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
			



 
 














Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































Morningstar Premium Research: 2 Weeks Free























































Return to Last Viewed











Seeking Better Returns? Invest in Information.  
Use Morningstar's proprietary ratings to find the right investments for your portfolio.
Test drive our Premium service with 2-full weeks of unlimited access >>













Premium Reports  
Confident decisions are easy with our proven Ratings and Valuations.



Morningstar Premium FREE TRIAL










Premium Screeners 
Compare and contrast your holdings.
Evaluate new investment ideas.



Morningstar Premium FREE TRIAL










See for yourself. 100% FREE access for 2-full weeks >>
If not completely satisfied, cancel anytime for a prorated refund. 




















Wide-Moat Screener for Stocks
Put a moat around your portfolio. Sniff out the most promising opportunities that can ride through any market.









Gold Medalist Screener for Funds
Narrow the available universe of 5000 funds to the top rated gold and silver. Then, sort for manager tenure, expense ratio, risk and return to create your own index-beating fund watchlist.









Premium Analyst Reports
While many of our competitors measure a stock’s worth with a computer program, Morningstar’s staff of 150+ analysts sift through company filings, financial data and a wealth of other sources to deliver an unvarnished review of any investment.











Premium Portfolio Monitor
Make decisions with confidence. Load your investments into our research center and automatically connect to all our proprietary tools and data points.









Mobile
Never be without critical research. Free with your active membership, take our Premium data and guidance wherever you go with Morningstar for iPad®, iPhone®, and Android apps.









Morningstar’s Guarantee
We’re looking out for you. If after your 14-day free trial, you find that a Morningstar Premium membership is not for you, cancel anytime and we’ll be happy to refund the unused portion—no questions asked.











