

A. H. Belo Corporation  | Management Team


















































About A. H. Belo
A. H. Belo Companies
Investor Relations
News Room
A. H. Belo Careers
Advertising with A. H. Belo











Overview
Fact Sheet
Management Committee
Board of Directors
Contact Us

















 









 
 









About A. H. Belo | A. H. Belo Corporation Management Committee











JAMES M. MORONEY III
James M. Moroney III is the chairman, president and Chief Executive Officer of A. H. Belo Corporation.  He has served as executive vice president of A. H. Belo since November 2007.  He continues to serve as publisher and Chief Executive Officer of The Dallas Morning News, a position he has held since June 2001.  
Moroney began his career with Belo as a sales trainee at WFAA-TV in Dallas-Fort Worth. In 1985 he became local sales manager for WFAA and later that year was promoted to general sales manager of KOTV in Tulsa, Oklahoma.  He returned to Dallas in 1989 as Belo's controller.  Moroney was promoted to president and general manager of KOTV in Tulsa in January 1993. In November 1993 he became a vice president of the Broadcast Division.  In January 1997, Moroney was promoted to president/Television Group assuming responsibility for the operations of all of Belo's television stations in 15 markets across the United States.  In June 1998, he was named executive vice president of Belo, with responsibility for finance, treasury and investor relations.  Moroney served as president of Belo Interactive, Inc. from its formation in May 1999 until June 2001.
Moroney has served on the board of the Television Bureau of Advertising and numerous civic organizations. He presently serves on the boards of Belo Corporation, the Associated Press, the Executive Committee of the board of the Newspaper Association of America, the board of the American Press Institute, the Advisory Board of the College of Communications at the University of Texas, the Bishop's Finance Council of the Diocese of Dallas, the board of The Dallas Foundation and the State Fair of Texas.
In April 2004, Editor & Publisher selected Moroney as Publisher of the Year for his accomplishments at The Dallas Morning News.  In 2012, he received the Frank W. Mayborn Award from The Texas Daily Newspaper Association for Community Leadership.
Moroney graduated from Stanford University in 1978 with a Bachelor of Arts in American Studies. In 1983 he received his Master of Business Administration from The University of Texas at Austin.  
Moroney and his wife, Barbara Bass Moroney, have five children: Sean, Meagan, Kyle, and twins Callie and Jenny.










 
 









 
 










James M. Moroney IIIChairman, President and Chief Executive OfficerA. H. Belo CorporationPublisher and Chief Executive OfficerThe Dallas Morning NewsKaty MurraySenior Vice President andChief Financial OfficerChristine E. LarkinSenior Vice President/General Counsel & Corporate SecretaryGrant S. MoiseExecutive Vice President of A. H. Belo and General Manager of The Dallas Morning News
Michael J. O'HaraSenior Vice President andChief Information Officer
Nicki PurcellChief Digital Officer  andSenior Vice President of Consumer Sales

Tim StorerPresident DMV Portfolio

Mike WilsonEditorThe Dallas Morning News

Julie HoaglandSenior Vice President andChief People Officer










 
 









 


























Copyright | 2017  A. H. Belo Corporation  All Rights Reserved. | Employee Login | Site Map









 













James M. Moroney III: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 5:47 PM ET
Media

Company Overview of A.H. Belo Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
James M. Moroney IIIChairman, CEO, President, CEO of the Dallas Morning News and Publisher of the Dallas Morning News , A.H. Belo CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships60$2,137,549As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. James M. Moroney, III, also known as Jim, has been the Chief Executive Officer of A. H. Belo Corporation since September 2013 and also serves as its President. Mr. Moroney serves as the Chief Executive Officer and Publisher of DMNmedia. Mr. Moroney has been the Chief Executive Officer and Publisher of The Dallas Morning News Inc., a subsidiary of Belo Corp. since June 2001. He served as Executive Vice President of A. H. Belo Corporation. since December 2007 until ... September 2013. He served as Executive Vice President of A. H. Belo Corporation. from July 1998 to December 1999, with responsibilities for finance, treasury and investor relations. He served as Treasurer at Newspaper Association of America. He joined Belo Corp. in November 1978. He served as President of Belo Interactive, Inc. from May 1999 to June 2001. He served as President of the Television Group from January 1997 to July 1998 and as Executive Vice President of the Television Group from January 1995 to January 1997. He serves as the Chairman of A. H. Belo Corporation. He serves as Chairman of the Board of the Newspaper Association of America. He served as the Vice Chairman of Newspaper Association of America. Mr. Moroney serves as a Director of Dallas Chamber of Commerce, The Associated Press, Inc., Cistercian Preparatory School in Dallas and the State Fair of Texas. He has been a Director of A. H. Belo Corporation since September 2013. He served as a Director of Belo Corp. since February 2008. He was named “Publisher of the Year” by Editor and Publisher magazine in 2003. In 2012, he received the Frank W. Mayborn Award from The Texas Daily Newspaper Association for Community Leadership. Mr. Moroney graduated from Stanford University in 1978 with a B.A. in American Studies. In 1983, he received his M.B.A. from the University of Texas at Austin.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
508 Young StreetDallas, Texas 75202-4808United StatesPhone: 214-977-8200Fax: 214-977-8201
Board Members Memberships
DirectorNewspaper Association of AmericaDirectorThe Associated Press, Inc.2013-PresentChairman, CEO, President, CEO of the Dallas Morning News and Publisher of the Dallas Morning News A.H. Belo Corporation
Education
BA 1978Stanford UniversityMBA 1983The University of Texas, Austin
Other Affiliations
Stanford UniversityBelo Corp.Newspaper Association of AmericaThe Associated Press, Inc.The University of Texas, AustinThe Dallas Morning News Inc.DMNmedia


Annual Compensation
Salary$600,000Bonus$487,500Total Annual Compensation$1,087,500
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$487,498All Other Compensation$43,067Exercised Options$60,000Exercised Options Value$183,000Total Value of Options$183,000Total Number of Options$60,000
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$1,650,051Total Short Term Compensation$1,087,500Other Long Term Compensation$530,565Total Calculated Compensation$2,137,549




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationKaren A. Puckett President, CEO, Director & Member of Marketing Advisory BoardHarte Hanks, Inc.$742.0KKevin D. Mowbray Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorLee Enterprises, Incorporated$639.8KCraig I. Forman President, CEO & DirectorThe McClatchy Company--Hilton H. Howell Jr.Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Gray Television, Inc.$3.4MT. Alex Vetter Chief Executive Officer, President, Co-Founder & DirectorCars.com Inc.$1.0MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact A.H. Belo Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































James M. Moroney III - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















James M. Moroney III
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer at A. H. Belo Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you James M. Moroney III? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view James M. Moroney III's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in James M. Moroney III's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in James M. Moroney III's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with James M. Moroney III through your network of contacts.
												








James M. Moroney III's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, 
A. H. Belo Corporation


Past
To view James M. Moroney III's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
60

 
 


James M. Moroney III's Biography



Jim Moroney has served as chairman, president and chief executive officer of A. H. Belo Corporation since September 2013. He also serves as publisher and Chief Executive Officer of The Dallas Morning News, a position he has held since June 2001. From November 2007 to September 2013, Jim served as executive vice president of A. H. Belo. Previously, Jim held several executive positions with Belo Corp., including president of Belo Interactive, Inc. from its formation in May 1999 until June 2001, executive vice president of Belo Corp. from July 1998 through December 1999, with responsibilities for Finance, Treasury and Investor Relations, and pre ...
(Read More)

			Jim Moroney has served as chairman, president and chief executive officer of A. H. Belo Corporation since September 2013. He also serves as publisher and Chief Executive Officer of The Dallas Morning News, a position he has held since June 2001. From November 2007 to September 2013, Jim served as executive vice president of A. H. Belo. Previously, Jim held several executive positions with Belo Corp., including president of Belo Interactive, Inc. from its formation in May 1999 until June 2001, executive vice president of Belo Corp. from July 1998 through December 1999, with responsibilities for Finance, Treasury and Investor Relations, and president/Television Group from January 1997 through June 1998, with responsibility for the operations of all of Belo Corp.'s television stations. Jim served on the board of Belo Corp. from February 2008 through December 2013. He currently serves on the boards of the Associated Press, the International News Media Association, the Advisory Board of the College of Communication at The University of Texas, The Dallas Foundation, the Bishop's Finance Council of the Catholic Diocese of Dallas and the State Fair of Texas. Jim has also served as an unpaid member of the Board of Andrew Harper, LLC, a luxury travel company, since January 2015.
 
Jim's extensive knowledge and experience in the media industry, finance, technology and his broad leadership and business experience gained through his service as a member of private and non-profit boards all serve to strengthen the Board's collective qualifications, skills and experience.
		
Source: A. H. Belo Corporation on 03/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view James M. Moroney III's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like James M. Moroney III. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in James M. Moroney III's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in James M. Moroney III's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with James M. Moroney III through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: James M. Moroney III


















James M. Moroney III's Connections (51)





Sign up now to view James M. Moroney III's 51 connections »









Peter A. Altabef
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Unisys Corporation









Gracia C. Martore
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, TEGNA Inc.









Judith B. Craven
Board Member, Sysco Corporation









M. Anne Szostak
Board Member, Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc.









Dealey D. Herndon
Former Board Member, A. H. Belo Corporation









Peter L. Diaz
Former President, Media Operations, Belo Corp.









Michael J. McCarthy
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Omni Financial Services, Inc.









Carey P. Hendrickson
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Capital Senior Living Corporation









Michael J. O'Hara
Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, A. H. Belo Corporation









Robert W. Decherd
Board Member, Kimberly-Clark Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















James M. Moroney III - DMNmedia























































































 




The marketing solutions group for the Dallas Morning NewsJames M. Moroney III
 
James M. Moroney III serves as publisher and chief executive officer of A.H. Belo and publisher and chief executive officer of The Dallas Morning News, a position he has held since June 2001. He has served as president of Belo Interactive, Inc. since its inception in May 1999 until 2001. He served as EVP of Belo with responsibilities for all of its television stations from 1997 to 1999.
Jim presently serves on the boards of Belo Corp, the State Fair of Texas, the Associated Press, the Advisory Board of the College of Communications at the University of Texas, The Dallas Foundation and The Bishop’s Finance Council of the Catholic Diocese of Dallas. He served as chairman of the board of the Newspaper Association of America for the 2012-2013 term.
He was named “Publisher of the Year” by Editor and Publisher magazine in 2003. In 2012, Jim received the Frank W. Mayborn Award from The Texas Daily Newspaper Association for Community Leadership.
Jim graduated from Stanford University in 1978 with a B.A. in American Studies. In 1983 he received his M.B.A. from the University of Texas at Austin. Jim has been married to his wife Barbara for 28 years and they have five children.
 

About Us

Audience Marketing
Company Info
Leadership Team

James M. Moroney III
Grant Moise
Nicki Purcell
Alison Draper
Michael Mayer
Kevin Thornburg


Testimonials
Case Studies
Job Opportunities



Contact Us
508 Young St.
Dallas, Texas
75202
P. 214.842.6864
P. 877.265.3995
E. solutions@dmnmedia.com

 News


The List: 10 Digital Marketing Tools Your Business Needs


How To Manage Your Business’s Online Reputation


5 Steps to Being an On-Page SEO Pro



FacebookGoogle+LinkedinTwitter

 Tweets by @DMNmediapro



 



























James M. Moroney III










This is a beta version of NNDB







Search: 
      
All Names
Living people
Dead people
Band Names
Book Titles
Movie Titles
Full Text

      for 
      











James M. Moroney IIIAKA James McQueen Moroney IIIBorn: c. 1956Gender: MaleRace or Ethnicity: WhiteOccupation: BusinessNationality: United StatesExecutive summary: Dallas Morning NewsFather: James M. Moroney, Sr. (b. 10-Jul-1921, d. 18-Feb-2007)Mother: Helen Claire Wilhoit ("Lynn")Brother: Michael MoroneySister: Molly Moroney NorrettSister: Mindy Moroney Penrose    University: BA American Studies, Stanford University (1978)    University: MBA, University of Texas at Austin (1983)    Administrator: Trustee, Cistercian Preparatory School, Dallas, TX    The Dallas Morning News Publisher and CEO (2001-)    Belo President, Belo Interactive Inc. (1999-2001)
    Belo EVP (1998-99)
    Belo President Television Group (1997-98)
    Belo VP Television Group (1995-97)
    Belo VP Broadcast Division (1993-95)
    Belo President and GM, KOTV-TV, Tulsa (1993)
    Belo VP and GM, KOTV-TV, Tulsa (1992-93)
    Belo Controller (1989-92)
    Belo General Sales Manager, KOTV-TV, Tulsa (1985-89)
    Belo Sales Manager, WFAA-TV, Dallas-Fort Worth (1985)
    Member of the Board of Belo (2008-)
    Dallas Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors
    Newspaper Association of America Board of Directors    Southern Newspaper Publishers Association Board of Directors
    Television Bureau of Advertising Board of Directors





New!
NNDB MAPPER
Create a map starting with


James M. Moroney III


Requires Flash 7+ and Javascript.

Do you know something we don't?
Submit a correction or make a comment about this profile

Copyright ©2014 Soylent Communications




NNDB MAPPERTexas Pacific GroupJames M. Moroney IIIRequires Flash 7+ and Javascript.Related TopicsAmerican BusinessHelix Fossil

























 



 James M. Moroney III Elected Chairman of Newspaper Association of America 
         










    










 






 











 









James M. Moroney III Elected Chairman of Newspaper Association of America

		  NAA elects new officers, board members for 2012-2013
		

Apr 04, 2012, 15:04 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Newspaper Association of America (NAA) 











 
















































 

 




















 


WASHINGTON, April 4, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- James M. Moroney III, publisher and chief executive officer of The Dallas Morning News, has been elected to serve as the Newspaper Association of America's next chairman. The gavel was passed to Moroney by last year's chairman, Michael E. Reed, CEO of GateHouse Media Inc., during NAA mediaXchange 2012 held here April 2-5. Reed will continue to serve on the NAA Board of Directors as immediate past chairman. 
Moroney became publisher and CEO of The Dallas Morning News in June 2001. A member of A.H. Belo Corp.'s Management Committee, he served as president of Belo Interactive Inc. from its inception in May 1999 to 2001, and as executive vice president/Belo with responsibilities for all of the company's television stations from 1997 to 1999.
Other NAA officers elected were: Robert Nutting, president and CEO of The Ogden Newspapers, vice chairman; Robert Dickey, president of Gannett U.S. Community Publishing, secretary; and Donna Barrett, president and CEO, Community Newspaper Holdings Inc., treasurer.
Elected to additional two-year terms on the NAA Board of Directors were: Douglas Franklin, Cox Media Group Inc.; Christian A. Hendricks, The McClatchy Co.; Stephen P. Hills, The Washington Post; Tony W. Hunter, Chicago Tribune Co./Tribune Publishing; Marshall Morton, Media General Inc.; Greg Osberg, Philadelphia Media Network Inc.; Charles Peters, The Gazette, Cedar Rapids, Iowa; Michael Romaner, Morris Communications Co. LLC; and Steven J. Smith, Journal Communications Inc.
Mark E. Aldam of Hearst Newspapers and Timothy E. Stautberg of The E.W. Scripps Co. were elected to initial two-year terms on the NAA Board of Directors. 
Aldam became president of Hearst Newspapers in 2011. He was named executive vice president/deputy group head in 2010, with oversight of eight Hearst properties. He joined Hearst in 2006 as publisher of the Times Union in Albany, N.Y., serving three years in that capacity. Prior to that, he was senior vice president/chief operating officer of the Hartford (Conn.) Courant. 
Stautberg, senior vice president/newspapers at Scripps, served for three years as the company's senior vice president/chief financial officer and for nine years as vice president of corporate communications and investor relations. He joined Scripps in 1990 and held various positions at the Rocky Mountain News in Denver before moving to the Record Searchlight in Redding, Calif., as general manager. 
About NAANAA is a nonprofit organization representing nearly 2,000 newspapers and their multiplatform businesses in the United States and Canada. NAA members include daily newspapers as well as nondailies, other print publications and online products. Headquartered near Washington, D.C., in Arlington, Va., the association focuses on the major issues that affect today's newspaper industry: public policy/legal matters, advertising revenue growth and audience development across the medium's broad portfolio of products and digital platforms. More information about NAA and the industry is available at www.naa.org.
View this news release online at www.naa.org/press.
 SOURCE  Newspaper Association of America (NAA)  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.naa.org



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











May 23, 2012, 15:40 ET
Preview: NAA Calls for Rejection of Proposed 'Sweetheart Deal' for Newspapers' Largest Direct-Mail Competitor













Mar 29, 2012, 08:30 ET
Preview: Obama, Romney and Lagarde to Speak at Newspaper Industry's Annual Conference






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 










 










James M. Moroney III Elected Chairman of Newspaper Association of America – Editor & Publisher






























































Classifieds
Advertise
Free Newsletter
Contact Us
About Us
Subscribe

Print & Digital
Digital Edition
iPad & Tablets


⇒ Top MenuClassifieds
Advertise
Free Newsletter
Contact Us
About Us
Subscribe
– Print & Digital
– Digital Edition
– iPad & Tablets



 




































News Headlines 


   			James M. Moroney III Elected Chairman of Newspaper Association of America   		



  April 5, 2012




Like & Share E&P:http://www.editorandpublisher.com/news/james-m-moroney-iii-elected-chairman-of-newspaper-association-of-america/Follow By: Press Release | NAA
Washington, D.C. – James M. Moroney III, publisher and chief executive officer of The Dallas Morning News, has been elected to serve as the Newspaper Association of America’s next chairman. The gavel was passed to Moroney by last year’s chairman, Michael E. Reed, CEO of GateHouse Media Inc., during NAA mediaXchange 2012 held here April 2-5. Reed will continue to serve on the NAA Board of Directors as immediate past chairman.   Moroney became publisher and CEO of The Dallas Morning News in June 2001. A member of A.H. Belo Corp.’s Management Committee, he served as president of Belo Interactive Inc. from its inception in May 1999 to 2001, and as executive vice president/Belo with responsibilities for all of the company’s television stations from 1997 to 1999.   Other NAA officers elected were: Robert Nutting, president and CEO of The Ogden Newspapers, vice chairman; Robert Dickey, president of Gannett U.S. Community Publishing, secretary; and Donna Barrett, president and CEO, Community Newspaper Holdings Inc., treasurer.   Elected to additional two-year terms on the NAA Board of Directors were: Douglas Franklin, Cox Media Group Inc.; Christian A. Hendricks, The McClatchy Co.; Stephen P. Hills, The Washington Post; Tony W. Hunter, Chicago Tribune Co./Tribune Publishing; Marshall Morton, Media General Inc.; Greg Osberg, Philadelphia Media Network Inc.; Charles Peters, The Gazette, Cedar Rapids, Iowa; Michael Romaner, Morris Communications Co. LLC; and Steven J. Smith, Journal Communications Inc.   Mark E. Aldam of Hearst Newspapers and Timothy E. Stautberg of The E.W. Scripps Co. were elected to initial two-year terms on the NAA Board of Directors.   Aldam became president of Hearst Newspapers in 2011. He was named executive vice president/deputy group head in 2010, with oversight of eight Hearst properties. He joined Hearst in 2006 as publisher of the Times Union in Albany, N.Y., serving three years in that capacity. Prior to that, he was senior vice president/chief operating officer of the Hartford (Conn.) Courant.   Stautberg, senior vice president/newspapers at Scripps, served for three years as the company’s senior vice president/chief financial officer and for nine years as vice president of corporate communications and investor relations. He joined Scripps in 1990 and held various positions at the Rocky Mountain News in Denver before moving to the Record Searchlight in Redding, Calif., as general manager.
 About NAA NAA is a nonprofit organization representing nearly 2,000 newspapers and their multiplatform businesses in the United States and Canada. NAA members include daily newspapers as well as nondailies, other print publications and online products. Headquartered near Washington, D.C., in Arlington, Va., the association focuses on the major issues that affect today’s newspaper industry: public policy/legal matters, advertising revenue growth and audience development across the medium’s broad portfolio of products and digital platforms. More information about NAA and the industry is available at www.naa.org.


























← Rupert Murdoch’s American Media Immunity
Local Maine Newspapers Back in Business →



Comments: Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 




Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser.
 



























Photo of the MonthEditor’s Pick
View MoreDataPage





 











Editor & Publisher App: Android Phone
Enjoy everything in the Print edition in aneasy-to-read, easy-to-navigate formatdesigned exclusively to fit your Android device
Click below to download
and install the Android app.





			CLOSE            









Editor & Publisher App: Android Tablet
Enjoy everything in the Print edition in aneasy-to-read, easy-to-navigate format designed exclusively to fit your Android tablet
Click below to download
and install the Android app.





			CLOSE            









Editor & Publisher App: iPad
Enjoy everything in the Print edition in aneasy-to-read, easy-to-navigate formatdesigned exclusively to fit your iPad
Click below to download
and install the App.





			CLOSE            









Editor & Publisher App: iPhone
Enjoy everything in the Print edition in aneasy-to-read, easy-to-navigate formatdesigned exclusively to fit your iPhone device
Click below to download
and install the iPhone app.





			CLOSE            










































 







































James M. Moroney III - Pacific Northwest Newspaper Association: Home
















            Close
        




























            Welcome! 
        

Login|Signup


Login|My Dashboard|Register













Logout|My Dashboard










James M. Moroney III - Pacific Northwest Newspaper Association: Home



Home


        |
        
About PNNA

Who We Are
Member Directory
Allied Partners
Contact Staff
Board of Directors



        |
        
Publications

PNNA Bulletin



        |
        
Awards

Blethen Awards
Connelly Award
Advertising Contest



        |
        

Advertising

Advertising Networks

Display 2x2
Advertise on PNNA.com



        |
        
PNNA Foundation

About
Grants




        |
        
Jobs


        |
        














Home





James M. Moroney III

            
             
 
            
            
             Posted: Friday, August 21, 2015 11:40 am
                    
	
		


Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, A.H. Belo CorporationPublisher and Chief Executive Officer, The Dallas Morning News                            James M. Moroney III is the chairman, president and Chief Executive Officer of A. H. Belo Corporation.  He has served as executive vice president of A. H. Belo since November 2007.  He continues to serve as publisher and Chief Executive Officer of The Dallas Morning News, a position he has held since June 2001. 






























                
                  Jobs
                
                      







                    
                            Reporter
                        








                        Posted: July 11
                        









                    
                            Advertising Sales Manager
                        








                        
                            Updated:
                                July 07
                        
                        









                    
                            Outside Sales Account Executive
                        








                        Posted: July 07
                        









                    
                            Digital Marketing Supervisor
                        








                        Posted: July 07
                        









                    
                            Advertising Director
                        








                        
                            Updated:
                                July 06
                        
                        







                More Jobs
            








tab 0
tab 1















tab 0
tab 1
tab 2






















































Sections

Home
About PNNA
Publications
Awards
Training
PNNA Foundation
Jobs
Events






Services

About Us
Contact Us
Advertise







Contact us
pnna.com
pnna.com
Phone number: 916-288-6010
Address: 2701 K St
		Sacramento, CA  95816


Search








Search in:






All


Awards


Training


PNNA Foundation




Google Groups


Photos


Video











© Copyright 2017, Pacific Northwest Newspaper Association, Sacramento, CA . Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.





Login Now
           




            Need an account? Create one now.
        






























James M. Moroney Jr., 85; CEO of Dallas Morning News























































Obituaries

James M. Moroney Jr., 85; CEO of Dallas Morning News







TOOLBOX


 Resize


Print



E-mail


Reprints











From Staff and Wire Reports

Thursday, February 22, 2007




James M. "Jimmy" Moroney Jr., 85, chairman emeritus of the Dallas-based Belo Corp., parent company of the Dallas Morning News and a number of TV stations and cable news channels, died Feb. 18 of pneumonia at his home in Dallas.



The last surviving grandson of George Bannerman Dealey, who founded the Morning News in 1885, Mr. Moroney served on the Belo board for a record 48 years. He held almost every senior management position at the company, including president and chief executive of  the Morning News and Belo.


"He exerted a steady and powerful influence on the company's transitions and expansions over half a century, and in many instances, he was the pivotal influence," said Robert W. Decherd, Belo's chairman, president and chief executive.


As CEO of Belo, Mr. Moroney was instrumental in the  purchase of Corinthian Broadcasting Group in 1983 from the Dun and Bradstreet Corp. At the time, the $606 million transaction was the largest in U.S. broadcast history. He also played a key role in the 1970s, when the Morning  News moved from being privately held to publicly traded. It became one of the nation's largest publicly traded media companies.


Mr. Moroney was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin in 1943. He then joined the Navy and served in the Pacific and in the D-Day landing at Normandy.


As a college student, he had worked part time for Belo during summers  and joined  the Morning News as a reporter after leaving the Navy in 1946. He also had  advertising, promotion and circulation positions before becoming assistant treasurer of Belo in 1951. He was elected to the board of directors in 1952.


In 1970, he became executive vice president of Belo Corp. and president and CEO of Belo Broadcasting Corp. He was named chairman of Belo Broadcasting in 1974.


Elected president and CEO of the Morning News in 1980, he helped provide the talent and resources necessary for the paper to win a war with its afternoon rival, the Dallas Times Herald, and become  the leading newspaper in the Southwest.


Mr. Moroney retired from Belo in 1986.


Survivors include his wife of 52 years, Helen Claire "Lynn" Wilhoit Moroney of Dallas; four children, James M. Moroney III, Michael Moroney and Molly Moroney Norrett, all of Dallas, and Mindy Moroney Penrose of Nanyuki, Kenya; and six grandchildren.











© 2007 The Washington Post Company










































