







Mosaic Wealth





































































Beyond success...significance
 


SCROLL DOWN





Beyond success...significance
 



 Check out our new video, "Do Unicorns Exist?"Can anyone reliably predict the future of an individual stock, or even the entire market?  Do unicorns exist?  Study after study have proven this approach is often detrimental to long term investment returns.   Wealth. Relationships. Experiences. Legacy. What is wealth? How do you turn your dreams into realities, your goals into actions, and your success into significance? Our video will show you how Mosaic Family Wealth can assist you in achieving significance across all areas of your life.     Our Mission.  Mosaic Family Wealth is an independent wealth management and investment advisory firm providing objective advice and personalized holistic wealth management solutions designed to help you cultivate a life of true significance.We work tirelessly to create a personal relationship with you that will stand the test of time, based on a deep understanding of you, your family and your most important goals. We are here to reduce any financial anxieties you may have today and to inspire the utmost in confidence for tomorrow. 

Contact us today!











Your Life, Your Goals.
 







Your Life, Your Goals.
 



 Your wealth has many different facets. Your investments, business interests, liability protections, estate planning, philanthropy, and everyday asset management are all important factors in your life. Did you know that all these can work together more effectively and provide financial clarity and confidence? Mosaic Family Wealth provides comprehensive wealth management advice and solutions that unify your life. We have adopted the fiduciary standard applicable to investment advisors. This means, we are legally required to place your interested about everything we do. Your trust is important to us. And we are personally committed to earning your trust, working hard, and providing clarity for your life. 










Our Clients
 







Our Clients
 



 You are more than an investor.You are an individual.  We specialize in serving the wealth management needs of entrepreneurial visionaries, executives and other successful individuals like you. Your unique ability to grow businesses, shape markets and lead the way forward is what sets you apart from others in our world. But this deep investment in professional life often leaves little time for you to focus on vitally important matters in your financial life.As your advisors, we bring the same forward-looking discipline and leadership to the management of your personal wealth. Central to our effort is developing the personal chemistry required to gain a profound understanding of what matters most to you: your children and grandchildren, your values, the causes you devote yourself to, and your desire to leave a legacy of lasting importance for generations to come.Developing this personal chemistry comes from the time we invest to understand each of our clients as people. Our clients lead remarkable lives, and share a remarkable number of characteristics: They’re entrepreneurial, independent-minded business owners who create wealth, often concentrated in the companies they’ve built, and need help managing its complexity.They’re successful, driven corporate executives with little time to manage their own finances, particularly the complex equity-based compensation they receive. These are executives who think like business owners, fully investing themselves in maximizing their potential for the future.They’re focused on the long-term growth of their wealth with an average net worth of between $5 million and $20 million. They know that patience is required—sometimes as much as a decade or more—to see their professional efforts fully mature so that the entirety of their wealth can come to fruition. They’re forward-looking thinkers open to advice on retirement planning and estate planning. Our wealth management process helps them see how the transition to retirement can happen, so they feel more secure about future income and expenses compared to today’s. If there’s a gap, we help them plan for that. If there’s a surplus, we help them think about interesting and rewarding ways to use it.They’re the backbone of St. Louis with the majority living in and around our metro area. They fuel growth with their business decisions and support causes that make a difference in the lives of others locally. They’re tactful and influential respected for their insights as centers of influence in professional, social and civic arenas. Much of our referral business comes from their recommendations.

READ MORE






















Our Clients — Mosaic Wealth


























































Our Clients








 You are more than an investor.You are an individual.  We specialize in serving the wealth management needs of entrepreneurial visionaries, executives and other successful individuals like you. Your unique ability to grow businesses, shape markets and lead the way forward is what sets you apart from others in our world. But this deep investment in professional life often leaves little time for you to focus on vitally important matters in your financial life.As your advisors, we bring the same forward-looking discipline and leadership to the management of your personal wealth. Central to our effort is developing the personal chemistry required to gain a profound understanding of what matters most to you: your children and grandchildren, your values, the causes you devote yourself to, and your desire to leave a legacy of lasting importance for generations to come.Developing this personal chemistry comes from the time we invest to understand each of our clients as people. Our clients lead remarkable lives, and share a remarkable number of characteristics: They’re entrepreneurial, independent-minded business owners who create wealth, often concentrated in the companies they’ve built, and need help managing its complexity.They’re successful, driven corporate executives with little time to manage their own finances, particularly the complex equity-based compensation they receive. These are executives who think like business owners, fully investing themselves in maximizing their potential for the future.They’re focused on the long-term growth of their wealth with an average net worth of between $5 million and $20 million. They know that patience is required—sometimes as much as a decade or more—to see their professional efforts fully mature so that the entirety of their wealth can come to fruition. They’re forward-looking thinkers open to advice on retirement planning and estate planning. Our wealth management process helps them see how the transition to retirement can happen, so they feel more secure about future income and expenses compared to today’s. If there’s a gap, we help them plan for that. If there’s a surplus, we help them think about interesting and rewarding ways to use it.They’re the backbone of St. Louis with the majority living in and around our metro area. They fuel growth with their business decisions and support causes that make a difference in the lives of others locally. They’re tactful and influential respected for their insights as centers of influence in professional, social and civic arenas. Much of our referral business comes from their recommendations.

READ MORE




















Contact — Mosaic Wealth






















































Contact








   Location1401 South Brentwood BoulevardSuite 630St. Louis, MO 63144Phone NumbersMain314.627.5220Fax Number314.627.5240Toll Free855.772.9237





Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Phone
Phone


                  (###)



                  ###



                  ####



Email *



Message






Thank you!




  



















News/Media — Mosaic Wealth






















































News/Media








MARKET REVIEWS



















Mosaic Wealth
















































We couldn't find the page you were looking for. This is either because:There is an error in the URL entered into your web browser. Please check the URL and try again.The page you are looking for has been moved or deleted.You can return to our homepage by clicking here, or you can try searching for the content you are seeking by clicking here.



















A Different Approach — Mosaic Wealth






















































A Different Approach








Life In A Box Understanding the markets starts with understanding human behavior.When new clients come to us, they often talk about challenges they’ve faced in the market—how the downturn of 2008 shook their confidence as investors or how a “sure thing” suddenly become anything but.Our response is to listen, to empathize and to educate. The truth is that the markets will always be unpredictable; losses and gains will happen and are largely out of anyone’s control. In fact, vast amounts of academic research have proven time and again that there is virtually no way of predicting when significant market events will occur.“Timing, perseverance and 10 years of trying will eventually make youlook like an overnight success.” — Biz StoneInstead of focusing on what we can’t control, we help you focus on what you can: yourself. Our investment philosophy is grounded in the study of human behavior, so you can better understand your own actions and reactions to market forces. In this way, we help you see that it’s better to be generally correct as an investor with a long-term focus than to be precisely wrong by focusing solely on the short term.

The Behavior Gap
 











﻿





























Mosaic Family Wealth LLC Sells 462 Shares of Emerson Electric Company (EMR) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Emerson Electric Company

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Emerson Electric Company with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) Position Lowered by Wade G W & Inc.
Mosaic Family Wealth LLC Sells 462 Shares of Emerson Electric Company (EMR)
MarineMax, Inc. (HZO) Shares Bought by Ameriprise Financial Inc.
Camping World Holdings Inc. (CWH) Shares Sold by Ameriprise Financial Inc.
Mantech International Corp (MANT) Position Cut by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC
Eagle Asset Management Inc. Takes Position in Mastercard Incorporated (MA)
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Boosts Position in BofI Holding, Inc. (BOFI)
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Sells 123,714 Shares of Scorpio Tankers Inc. (STNG)
Armor Investment Advisors LLC Has $316,000 Stake in E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD)
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Sells 187,890 Shares of Rexnord Corporation (RXN)
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Raises Position in CryoLife, Inc. (CRY)
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $2.29 Million Stake in Hub Group, Inc. (HUBG)
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Buys 376 Shares of Tompkins Financial Co. (TMP)
Holderness Investments Co. Increases Position in E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD)
MSC Industrial Direct Company, Inc. (NYSE:MSM) Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $4.04 Per Share
OppenheimerFunds Inc. Has $3.38 Million Stake in Diplomat Pharmacy, Inc. (DPLO)
AK Steel Holding Corporation (AKS) Position Lowered by OppenheimerFunds Inc.
United Services Automobile Association Decreases Position in Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
Somewhat Critical News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect ABAXIS (NASDAQ:ABAX) Stock Price
OppenheimerFunds Inc. Takes Position in Rev Group Inc (REVG)







Mosaic Family Wealth LLC Sells 462 Shares of Emerson Electric Company (EMR)


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments




Mosaic Family Wealth LLC decreased its stake in  Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) by 2.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 21,376 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 462 shares during the period. Emerson Electric comprises about  0.6% of Mosaic Family Wealth LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 27th largest position. Mosaic Family Wealth LLC’s holdings in Emerson Electric were worth $1,280,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the company. Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC acquired a new stake in  Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter worth $111,000.  First Command Financial Services Inc. raised its position in shares of  Emerson Electric by 18.9% in the first quarter. First Command Financial Services Inc. now owns 1,935 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 307 shares in the last quarter.  Central Bank & Trust Co. raised its position in shares of  Emerson Electric by 31.3% in the first quarter. Central Bank & Trust Co. now owns 2,100 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $126,000 after buying an additional 500 shares in the last quarter.  Ancora Advisors LLC bought a new position in shares of  Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter valued at about $158,000.  Finally, Independent Advisor Alliance bought a new position in shares of  Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter valued at about $194,000. 68.87% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Emerson Electric Company alerts:



Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) traded down 0.50% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $60.30. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,370,364 shares. Emerson Electric Company has a 52 week low of $49.22 and a 52 week high of $64.36. The stock has a market capitalization of $38.86 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.76 and a beta of 1.20. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $59.64 and a 200-day moving average of $59.53. 





Emerson Electric (NYSE:EMR) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.58 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.58. Emerson Electric had a return on equity of 23.37% and a net margin of 8.72%. The firm had revenue of $3.57 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.49 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.57 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down .1% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities research analysts expect that  Emerson Electric Company will post $2.60 earnings per share for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Mosaic Family Wealth LLC Sells 462 Shares of Emerson Electric Company (EMR)” was  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/20/emerson-electric-company-emr-shares-sold-by-mosaic-family-wealth-llc-updated.html. 
A number of equities analysts have weighed in on the stock. BidaskClub lowered shares of Emerson Electric from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, June 9th. Stifel Nicolaus  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $68.00 target price on shares of Emerson Electric in a research note on Wednesday. Cowen and Company  restated a “hold” rating and set a $62.00 target price on shares of Emerson Electric in a report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Royal Bank Of Canada  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $58.00 target price on shares of Emerson Electric in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Finally, Morgan Stanley  reaffirmed an “overweight” rating on shares of Emerson Electric in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have assigned  a hold rating and three have assigned  a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $56.96.
Emerson Electric Company Profile
Emerson Electric Co is a diversified global manufacturing company, which provides solutions to customers by bringing technology and engineering together in the industrial, commercial and consumer markets around the world. The Company operates through four segments based on the nature of the products and services rendered: Process Management, Industrial Automation, Climate Technologies and Commercial & Residential Solutions.







Receive News & Ratings for Emerson Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerson Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 




















































Morgan Stanley Reaffirms "Equal Weight" Rating for Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Illinois Tool Works Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Illinois Tool Works Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Columbia Property Trust, Inc. (NYSE:CXP) Downgraded to Sell at BidaskClub					

Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Whiting Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:WLL) Share Price					

HNI Corporation (HNI) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows					

Carpenter Technology Corporation (NYSE:CRS) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.22					

DBV Technologies S.A. (DBVT) Upgraded to Buy at BidaskClub					

Oasis Petroleum (OAS) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.03					

Wynn Resorts, Limited Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.50 (NASDAQ:WYNN)					

Columbus McKinnon Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCO) Lowered to Strong Sell at BidaskClub					

Cass Information Systems, Inc (CASS) Downgraded to “Sell” at BidaskClub					

Carrizo Oil & Gas, Inc. (CRZO) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at BidaskClub					

Corium International, Inc. (CORI) Lowered to “Buy” at BidaskClub					

Valmont Industries, Inc. to Post FY2018 Earnings of $7.70 Per Share, Gabelli Forecasts (VMI)					

FY2018 EPS Estimates for Badger Meter, Inc. Boosted by Analyst (BMI)					

Head-To-Head Review: Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) & Monster Beverage Corporation (MNST)					

CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (CBL) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $233.57 Million					

Select Comfort Corporation (SCSS) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes					

Financial Analysis: Liberty Global PLC (NASDAQ:LILAK) & Charter Communications (CHTR)					

DDR Corp. (DDR) Issues Quarterly  Earnings Results					

Lear Corporation (LEA) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.28 EPS					

Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (NYSE:PB) Posts Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS					





 





						Morgan Stanley Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW)					

						 July 26th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Stacy Sanders 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance 







Tweet










Morgan Stanley reiterated their equal weight rating on shares of Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW)  in a research note published on Tuesday morning. They currently have a $136.00 target price on the industrial products company’s stock, down from their previous target price of $140.00.
A number of other brokerages have also recently commented on ITW. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a buy rating and set a $155.00 price objective (up previously from $145.00) on shares of Illinois Tool Works in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Royal Bank Of Canada boosted their price objective on Illinois Tool Works from $141.00 to $143.00 and gave the stock a sector perform rating in a research note on Tuesday. Argus boosted their price objective on Illinois Tool Works from $145.00 to $160.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Illinois Tool Works from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $148.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus  restated a hold rating and set a $144.00 price objective (up previously from $140.00) on shares of Illinois Tool Works in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. Illinois Tool Works  has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $152.58.
Illinois Tool Works (NYSE:ITW) traded down 0.93% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $140.33. The company had a trading volume of 791,911 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $145.59 and a 200 day moving average of $135.95. The firm has a market cap of $48.48 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.57 and a beta of 1.12. Illinois Tool Works has a 52-week low of $111.50 and a 52-week high of $150.29. 




Illinois Tool Works (NYSE:ITW) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Monday, July 24th. The industrial products company reported $1.66 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.63 by $0.03. The company had revenue of $3.60 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.61 billion. Illinois Tool Works had a return on equity of 46.57% and a net margin of 15.50%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 4.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $1.46 earnings per share.  On average, analysts anticipate that  Illinois Tool Works will post $6.38 EPS for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Morgan Stanley Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW)” was  posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/26/morgan-stanley-reaffirms-equal-weight-rating-for-illinois-tool-works-inc-itw.html. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, July 12th. Investors of record on Friday, June 30th were issued a $0.65 dividend. This represents a $2.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.84%. The ex-dividend date  was Wednesday, June 28th. Illinois Tool Works’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 42.07%. 
In other news, insider John R. Hartnett sold 11,750 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $144.96, for a total transaction of $1,703,280.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 23,839 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,455,701.44. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, CEO Ernest Scott Santi sold 101,297 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $138.03, for a total value of $13,982,024.91. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 191,142 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $26,383,330.26. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 201,961 shares of company stock valued at $28,311,650 over the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own  0.90% of the company’s stock. 
Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. FCM Investments TX acquired a new position in shares of  Illinois Tool Works during the first quarter valued at about $106,000.  MCF Advisors LLC increased its stake in  Illinois Tool Works by 32.0% in the first quarter. MCF Advisors LLC now owns 825 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the period.  TrimTabs Asset Management LLC increased its stake in  Illinois Tool Works by 88.3% in the first quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 887 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $118,000 after buying an additional 416 shares during the period.  Washington Trust Bank increased its stake in  Illinois Tool Works by 1.1% in the second quarter. Washington Trust Bank now owns 977 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $140,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the period.  Finally, FNY Partners Fund LP purchased a new stake in  Illinois Tool Works during the first quarter worth $132,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  75.51% of the company’s stock. 
Illinois Tool Works Company Profile
Illinois Tool Works Inc is a manufacturer of industrial products and equipment. The Company operates through seven segments. The Automotive OEM segment produces components and fasteners for automotive-related applications. The Food Equipment segment offers commercial food equipment. The Test & Measurement and Electronics segment produces test and measurement, and electronic manufacturing and maintenance, repair and operations (MRO) solutions.






Receive News & Ratings for Illinois Tool Works Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Illinois Tool Works Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 


























































Mosaic Family Wealth LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback



























mosaic family wealth llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Mosaic Family Wealth, LLC provides investment advisory services. The Company offers wealth management, investment strategies, financial planning, and consulting services. Mosaic Family Wealth serves customers in the State of Missouri.




Corporate Information
Address:

1401 South Brentwood Blvd
Suite 630
Saint Louis, MO 63144
United States


Phone:
1-314-627-5220


Fax:
1-314-627-5240


Web url:
www.mosaicwealth.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Scott Highmark


President/Principal




Larry Shikles


Chief Invsmt Officer/Principal




Barbi Charleville


Dir:Operations & Compliance




Missy Brown


Dir:Advisory Services







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Mosaic Family Wealth, LLC | Wealthminder











































Mosaic Family Wealth, LLC


Mosaic Family Wealth, LLC
(CRD# 170923) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Saint Louis, MO.
They
manage $361,000,000 in 1,533 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 4 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Mosaic Family Wealth, LLC




1401 S. Brentwood Blvd., Suite 630,
Saint Louis,
MO
63144
(314) 627-5220
http://www.mosaicfamilywealth.com




http://www.mosaicfamilywealth.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

361
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

1,533
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$235,486







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)
Other








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




FL, LA, MO, TX






Financial Advisors at Mosaic Family Wealth, LLC




Showing 1 - 6 of 6 top financial advisors.





1















Michelle K. Brown



CRD#:
4390011



1401 South Brentwood Boulevard, Suite 630,
Saint Louis,
MO
63144




90

Wealthminder
score








Michelle Brown (CRD# 4390011) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Mosaic Family Wealth, LLC in Saint Louis, MO and has 
over 15 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Michelle Brown has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






2















Barbi J. Charleville



CRD#:
2536021



1401 South Brentwood Boulevard, Suite 630,
Saint Louis,
MO
63144




90

Wealthminder
score








Barbi Charleville (CRD# 2536021) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Mosaic Family Wealth, LLC in Saint Louis, MO and has 
over 18 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Barbi Charleville has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






3















Darlene M. Smith



CRD#:
5622868



1401 South Brentwood Boulevard, Suite 630,
Saint Louis,
MO
63144




90

Wealthminder
score








Darlene Smith (CRD# 5622868) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Mosaic Family Wealth, LLC in Saint Louis, MO and has 
over 8 years
of experience in the finance industry.






4















James R. Steiner



CRD#:
6146241



1401 S. Brentwood Blvd., Suite 630,
Saint Louis,
MO
63144




90

Wealthminder
score








James Steiner (CRD# 6146241) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Mosaic Family Wealth, LLC in Saint Louis, MO and has 
over 4 years
of experience in the finance industry.






5















Duncan S. Highmark



CRD#:
2707962



1401 S. Brentwood Blvd., Suite 630,
Saint Louis,
MO
63144




86

Wealthminder
score








Duncan Highmark (CRD# 2707962) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Mosaic Family Wealth, LLC in Saint Louis, MO and has 
over 21 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Duncan Highmark has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






6















Larry K. Shikles



CRD#:
2514155



1401 S. Brentwood Blvd., Suite 630,
Saint Louis,
MO
63144




83

Wealthminder
score








Larry Shikles (CRD# 2514155) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Mosaic Family Wealth, LLC in Saint Louis, MO and has 
over 22 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now
















	MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH Trademark of Mosaic Family Wealth, LLC. Serial Number: 87330527 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH










 
Get FREE email alerts













MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH  Trademark Information
 Mosaic Family Wealth, LLC
Financial services, namely, investment fund transfer and transaction services, brokerage in the field of investment security services, estate settlement services; wealth management services; investment services, namely, financial asset allocation, cash flow management, investment consultation, and investment management services; trust and estate financial administration services and estate planning consultation; financial risk management consu...




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         investment   fund   transfer   transaction   services      brokerage   field   investment   security   services      estate   settlement   services   wealth   management   services   investment   services          
                                    




This is a brand page for the MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH trademark by Mosaic Family Wealth, LLC 
                                in St. Louis, MO, 63144.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Mosaic Family Wealth, LLC of the MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH trademark.
                           


Status Update!
                          On Tuesday, July 11, 2017, status on the MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH trademark changed to PUBLISHED FOR OPPOSITION.
                        






On Thursday, February 09, 2017,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH by 
                        Mosaic Family Wealth, LLC, St. Louis, MO  63144.
                        The USPTO has given the MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH 
                        trademark serial  number of  87330527.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is PUBLISHED FOR OPPOSITION.
                        The correspondent listed for MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH is 
                        
                        
                                            B. ANNA MCCOY of 
                                            McCoy Russell LLP,  806 SW Broadway, Suite 600 Portland, OR 97205
                                .
                            The MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH 
                            is Financial services, namely, investment fund transfer and transaction services, brokerage in the field of investment security services, estate settlement services; wealth management services; investment services, namely, financial asset allocation, cash flow management, investment consultation, and investment management services; trust and estate financial administration services and estate planning consultation; financial risk management consultation; financial advisory and consultancy services; advice relating to investments and wealth management. 
                            





Word mark:
 MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH


  Status/Status Date:  


PUBLISHED FOR OPPOSITION

7/11/2017



  Serial Number:  
87330527


  Filing Date:  
2/9/2017


Foreign Filing Deadline: 
Wednesday, August 9, 2017


 


-  Apply for the MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH trademark in the European Union >>
-  Apply for the MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH trademark in China >>
-  Apply for the MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH trademark in Australia >>
-  Apply for the MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH trademark in Canada >>




 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Financial services, namely, investment fund transfer and transaction services, brokerage in the field of investment security services, estate settlement services; wealth management services; investment services, namely, financial asset allocation, cash flow management, investment consultation, and investment management services; trust and estate financial administration services and estate planning consultation; financial risk management consultation; financial advisory and consultancy services; advice relating to investments and wealth management


 Mark Description: 
 The mark consists of a square element that is six squares by six squares with the squares being shaded from lighter gold shade in the upper left corner to the darker brown shade in the bottom right corner. The wording "MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH" appears in two lines below the square element in gold color.


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
7/11/2017


Last Applicant/Owner:

Mosaic Family Wealth, LLCSt. Louis, MO  63144
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Squares made of geometric figures, objects, humans, plants or animals (Geometric figures and solids   -  Squares) see more design...


                                                    Three or more squares (Geometric figures and solids   -  Squares) see more design...


                                                    Squares that are completely or partially shaded (Geometric figures and solids   -  Squares) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("FAMILY WEALTH")


 Correspondent:


B. ANNA MCCOY
McCoy Russell LLP
806 SW Broadway
Suite 600
Portland, OR 97205





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
2/20/2015


First Use In Commerce: 
2/20/2015





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/11/2017
PUBLISHED FOR OPPOSITION





Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



B. ANNA MCCOY


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search mosaicfamilywealth on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH 




MOSAIC FAMILY WEALTH is providing Financial services, namely, investment fund transfer and transaction services, brokerage in the field of investment security services, estate settlement services; wealth management services; investment services, namely, financial asset allocation, cash flow management, investment consultation, and investment management services; trust and estate financial administration services and estate planning consultation; financial risk management consultation; financial advisory and consultancy servic....
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















﻿






























Mosaic Family Wealth LLC Has $149,000 Stake in The Kraft Heinz Company (NASDAQ:KHC) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for The Kraft Heinz Company
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor The Kraft Heinz Company with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Sanders Morris Harris LLC Boosts Position in KeyCorp (KEY)
NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. Decreases Stake in Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS)
Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK) Shares Sold by Creative Planning
Pennsylvania Trust Co Raises Stake in Unilever PLC (NYSE:UL)
WBI Investments Inc. Has $297,000 Stake in Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT)
Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (APC) Stake Cut by BP Capital Fund Advisors LLC
Eastern Bank Has $22.34 Million Position in Johnson & Johnson (JNJ)
Moon Capital Management LLC Increases Position in General Electric Company (GE)
NextEra Energy, Inc. (NYSE:NEE) Shares Bought by Commerce Bank
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Boosts Stake in Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDRX)
Mosaic Family Wealth LLC Has $149,000 Stake in The Kraft Heinz Company (NASDAQ:KHC)
Lowe Brockenbrough & Co. Inc. Raises Position in The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW)
Grandfield & Dodd LLC Holds Stake in Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB)
The Charles Schwab Corporation (SCHW) Shares Sold by Green Square Capital LLC
Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Nuveen Dividend Advantage Municipal Fund (NAD) Stock Price
Sei Investments Co. Has $202,000 Position in Sensient Technologies Corporation (SXT)
Karp Capital Management Corp Takes Position in Akorn, Inc. (AKRX)
Antero Resources Corporation (AR) Position Increased by Sei Investments Co.
PriceSmart, Inc. (NASDAQ:PSMT) Stake Reduced by Sei Investments Co.
Sei Investments Co. Cuts Stake in Markel Corporation (MKL)



 


Mosaic Family Wealth LLC Has $149,000 Stake in The Kraft Heinz Company (NASDAQ:KHC)

					Posted by Francis Steltz on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 



Mosaic Family Wealth LLC held its stake in  The Kraft Heinz Company (NASDAQ:KHC) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 1,642 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Mosaic Family Wealth LLC’s holdings in The Kraft Heinz were worth $149,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. increased its stake in shares of  The Kraft Heinz by 240.2% in the first quarter. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. now owns 1,133 shares of the company’s stock valued at $103,000 after buying an additional 800 shares in the last quarter.  Bollard Group LLC boosted its stake in  The Kraft Heinz by 0.7% in the first quarter. Bollard Group LLC now owns 1,149 shares of the company’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 8 shares during the period.  Crestwood Advisors Group LLC bought a new stake in  The Kraft Heinz during the first quarter worth approximately $109,000.  Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC acquired a new position in  The Kraft Heinz during the fourth quarter worth $128,000.  Finally, Enterprise Financial Services Corp raised its position in  The Kraft Heinz by 11.8% in the first quarter. Enterprise Financial Services Corp now owns 1,521 shares of the company’s stock worth $138,000 after buying an additional 160 shares during the period. Institutional investors own  61.95% of the company’s stock. 


 Get The Kraft Heinz Company alerts:



Shares of The Kraft Heinz Company (KHC) traded up 0.30% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $86.16. 2,840,837 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $88.18 and a 200 day moving average of $89.85. The Kraft Heinz Company has a 52 week low of $79.69 and a 52 week high of $97.77. The firm has a market capitalization of $104.91 billion, a P/E ratio of 30.66 and a beta of 0.44. 




The Kraft Heinz (NASDAQ:KHC) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The company reported $0.84 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.85 by $0.01. The Kraft Heinz had a net margin of 13.12% and a return on equity of 7.25%. The firm had revenue of $6.36 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.44 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.73 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 3.1% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities research analysts expect that  The Kraft Heinz Company will post $3.24 EPS for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally  posted by Stock Observer and is owned by of Stock Observer. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/23/mosaic-family-wealth-llc-has-149000-position-in-the-kraft-heinz-company-khc-updated-updated-updated.html. 
A number of research firms have recently issued reports on KHC. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of The Kraft Heinz from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc  reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $91.00 price objective (down from $99.00) on shares of The Kraft Heinz in a report on Monday, July 10th. BidaskClub downgraded shares of The Kraft Heinz from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, July 5th. J P Morgan Chase & Co  reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $99.00 price target (down from $102.00) on shares of The Kraft Heinz in a research note on Wednesday, June 28th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $96.00 price target on shares of The Kraft Heinz in a research note on Thursday, June 15th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $97.96.
The Kraft Heinz Company Profile
The Kraft Heinz Company is a food and beverage company. The Company is engaged in the manufacturing and marketing of food and beverage products, including condiments and sauces, cheese and dairy, meals, meats, refreshment beverages, coffee and other grocery products. The Company’s segments include the United States, Canada and Europe.







Receive News & Ratings for The Kraft Heinz Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Kraft Heinz Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Sanders Morris Harris LLC Boosts Position in KeyCorp 





Rockwell Automation, Inc.  Shares Sold by Creative Planning





NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. Decreases Stake in Las Vegas Sands Corp. 





Pennsylvania Trust Co Raises Stake in Unilever PLC 





Ameriprise Financial Inc. Boosts Stake in Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. 





NextEra Energy, Inc.  Shares Bought by Commerce Bank






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 







































﻿






























Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) Given New $143.00 Price Target at Royal Bank Of Canada - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Illinois Tool Works Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Illinois Tool Works Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

ABIOMED, Inc. (ABMD) Downgraded to Hold at BidaskClub
Byline Bancorp (NYSE:BY) Now Covered by Analysts at Bank of America Corporation
Atento S.A. (ATTO) Price Target Raised to $13.00 at Bank of America Corporation
Aluminum Corporation of China Limited (ACH) Downgraded by BidaskClub to “Buy”
Franklin Electric Co., Inc. (NASDAQ:FELE) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Boenning Scattergood
Fastenal Company (FAST) Now Covered by Analysts at Northcoast Research
Biogen Inc. (NASDAQ:BIIB) Receives Equal Weight Rating from Morgan Stanley
Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Earns Hold Rating from Stifel Nicolaus
Hibbett Sports, Inc. (HIBB) Receives “Underperform” Rating from Credit Suisse Group
United Microelectronics Corporation (UMC) Downgraded to Underperform at Daiwa Capital Markets
Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) Given New $143.00 Price Target at Royal Bank Of Canada
L'Oreal SA (NASDAQ:LRLCY) Now Covered by Analysts at Jefferies Group LLC
BPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE:BERY) Now Covered by Analysts at UBS AG
Ubisoft Entertain (UBSFY) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research
Viper Energy Partners LP (NASDAQ:VNOM) Lifted to Outperform at Scotiabank
WebMD Health Corp (NASDAQ:WBMD) Receives Market Perform Rating from Raymond James Financial, Inc.
3M Company (MMM) Earns Sector Perform Rating from Royal Bank Of Canada
Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. (TDS) Upgraded by BidaskClub to Hold
Tenaris S.A. (NYSE:TS) Downgraded by BidaskClub
OFS Capital Corporation’s (OFS) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at National Securities







Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) Given New $143.00 Price Target at Royal Bank Of Canada


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments




Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) had its price target upped by Royal Bank Of Canada from $141.00 to $143.00 in a research report report published on Tuesday. Royal Bank Of Canada currently has a sector perform rating on the industrial products company’s stock.
Several other analysts have also commented on the company. BMO Capital Markets  reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a $160.00 price target on shares of Illinois Tool Works in a research note on Thursday, July 20th. Stifel Nicolaus  reissued a hold rating and issued a $147.00 price objective on shares of Illinois Tool Works in a research note on Friday, July 14th. Zacks Investment Research raised Illinois Tool Works from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $163.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, July 12th. Morgan Stanley  reissued an equal weight rating and issued a $140.00 price objective (up previously from $136.00) on shares of Illinois Tool Works in a research note on Monday, July 10th. Finally, BidaskClub lowered Illinois Tool Works from a strong-buy rating to a buy rating in a research note on Saturday, June 24th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock  has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $152.58.


 Get Illinois Tool Works Inc. alerts:



Illinois Tool Works (ITW) traded down 0.3001% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $141.2249. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 454,994 shares. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $145.59 and a 200 day moving average price of $135.95. The firm has a market capitalization of $48.79 billion, a PE ratio of 23.7233 and a beta of 1.12. Illinois Tool Works has a 1-year low of $111.50 and a 1-year high of $150.29. 





Illinois Tool Works (NYSE:ITW) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, July 24th. The industrial products company reported $1.66 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.63 by $0.03. The business had revenue of $3.60 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.61 billion. Illinois Tool Works had a return on equity of 46.57% and a net margin of 15.50%. Illinois Tool Works’s quarterly revenue was up 4.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $1.46 EPS.  On average, analysts predict that  Illinois Tool Works will post $6.38 EPS for the current year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) Given New $143.00 Price Target at Royal Bank Of Canada” was  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/26/illinois-tool-works-inc-nyseitw-given-new-143-00-price-target-at-royal-bank-of-canada.html. 
The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, July 12th. Investors of record on Friday, June 30th were issued a $0.65 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Wednesday, June 28th. This represents a $2.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.84%. Illinois Tool Works’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 42.07%. 
In related news, insider John R. Hartnett sold 11,750 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, June 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $144.96, for a total value of $1,703,280.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 23,839 shares in the company, valued at $3,455,701.44. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, CEO Ernest Scott Santi sold 101,297 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $138.03, for a total value of $13,982,024.91. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 191,142 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $26,383,330.26. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 201,961 shares of company stock valued at $28,311,650 in the last quarter. 0.90% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Hudock Capital Group LLC increased its stake in shares of  Illinois Tool Works by 0.6% in the first quarter. Hudock Capital Group LLC now owns 1,054 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $139,000 after buying an additional 6 shares during the period.  Washington Trust Bank increased its stake in shares of  Illinois Tool Works by 1.1% in the second quarter. Washington Trust Bank now owns 977 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $140,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the period.  Trust Co. of Virginia VA increased its stake in shares of  Illinois Tool Works by 0.4% in the first quarter. Trust Co. of Virginia VA now owns 3,865 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $512,000 after buying an additional 15 shares during the period.  Marietta Wealth Management LLC increased its stake in shares of  Illinois Tool Works by 0.8% in the first quarter. Marietta Wealth Management LLC now owns 3,409 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $452,000 after buying an additional 26 shares during the period.  Finally, CENTRAL TRUST Co increased its stake in shares of  Illinois Tool Works by 0.4% in the second quarter. CENTRAL TRUST Co now owns 6,767 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $970,000 after buying an additional 26 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  75.51% of the company’s stock. 
About Illinois Tool Works
Illinois Tool Works Inc is a manufacturer of industrial products and equipment. The Company operates through seven segments. The Automotive OEM segment produces components and fasteners for automotive-related applications. The Food Equipment segment offers commercial food equipment. The Test & Measurement and Electronics segment produces test and measurement, and electronic manufacturing and maintenance, repair and operations (MRO) solutions.







Receive News & Ratings for Illinois Tool Works Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Illinois Tool Works Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version



















Danaher Corporation (DHR) Director Linda P. Hefner Sells 10,578 Shares | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Danaher Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Danaher Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Q3 2017 Earnings Estimate for Central Valley Community Bancorp Issued By FIG Partners (NASDAQ:CVCY)					

Danaher Corporation (DHR) Director Linda P. Hefner Sells 10,578 Shares					

SysGroup PLC (SYS) Insider Acquires £6,334.02 in Stock					

Internap Corporation (NASDAQ:INAP) Major Shareholder Park West Asset Management Llc Sells 125,000 Shares of Stock					

Wayfair Inc. (W) CFO Michael D. Fleisher Sells 4,656 Shares					

Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Shares Sold by Town & Country Bank & Trust CO dba First Bankers Trust CO					

Corrections Corp. of America (NYSE:CXW) Shares Sold by Meeder Asset Management Inc.					

Meeder Asset Management Inc. Takes Position in Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS)					

BGC Partners, Inc. (NASDAQ:BGCP) Shares Bought by Meeder Asset Management Inc.					

Ingredion Incorporated (INGR) Stake Decreased by Meeder Asset Management Inc.					

Hallmark Capital Management Inc. Has $1.84 Million Position in Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE:PRU)					

F5 Networks, Inc. (FFIV) Shares Sold by State of Alaska Department of Revenue					

Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX) Shares Sold by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.					

Leavell Investment Management Inc. Maintains Position in Marathon Petroleum Corporation (MPC)					

Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Takes Position in Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated (JLL)					

Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Has $1,971,000 Stake in Hubbell Inc (NYSE:HUBB)					

Transocean Ltd. (RIG) Shares Bought by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.					

Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Boosts Position in Broadcom Limited (NASDAQ:AVGO)					

Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Buys 625 Shares of Broadcom Limited (AVGO)					

State of Alaska Department of Revenue Has $430,000 Position in Sonoco Products Company (NYSE:SON)					





 





						Danaher Corporation (DHR) Director Linda P. Hefner Sells 10,578 Shares					

						 July 25th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Patrick Bannon 


							Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades 







Tweet










Danaher Corporation (NYSE:DHR) Director Linda P. Hefner sold 10,578 shares of Danaher Corporation stock in a transaction on Friday, July 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $83.03, for a total transaction of $878,291.34. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 42,151 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,499,797.53. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 
Danaher Corporation (DHR) opened at 83.03 on Tuesday. The firm has a market cap of $57.68 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.50 and a beta of 1.05. The company’s 50 day moving average is $84.55 and its 200 day moving average is $84.27. Danaher Corporation has a 12-month low of $75.71 and a 12-month high of $88.01. 
Danaher Corporation (NYSE:DHR) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, July 20th. The conglomerate reported $0.99 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.97 by $0.02. Danaher Corporation had a net margin of 12.63% and a return on equity of 11.15%. The company had revenue of $4.51 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.50 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.90 EPS. Danaher Corporation’s quarterly revenue was up 6.3% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, equities analysts anticipate that  Danaher Corporation will post $3.95 earnings per share for the current year. 




The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 28th. Investors of record on Friday, June 30th will be issued a dividend of $0.14 per share. This represents a $0.56 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.67%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, June 28th. Danaher Corporation’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 17.83%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Danaher Corporation (DHR) Director Linda P. Hefner Sells 10,578 Shares” was first  posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/25/danaher-corporation-dhr-director-linda-p-hefner-sells-10578-shares.html. 
A number of equities analysts have weighed in on the stock. Wells Fargo & Company  reiterated a “market perform” rating on shares of Danaher Corporation in a report on Saturday. Citigroup Inc.  set a $96.00 price target on shares of Danaher Corporation and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday. BidaskClub upgraded shares of Danaher Corporation from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, July 19th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Danaher Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, July 12th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada  reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $88.00 price target on shares of Danaher Corporation in a report on Wednesday, July 12th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned  a hold rating, thirteen have issued  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company. Danaher Corporation  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $91.98.
Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. BlackRock Inc. increased its stake in  Danaher Corporation by 2,530.9% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 37,967,922 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $3,247,398,000 after buying an additional 36,524,795 shares in the last quarter.  Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in  Danaher Corporation by 3.9% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 40,967,631 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $3,503,962,000 after buying an additional 1,530,015 shares in the last quarter.  MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd purchased a new stake in  Danaher Corporation during the first quarter valued at about $116,462,000.  Marshall Wace North America L.P. purchased a new stake in  Danaher Corporation during the first quarter valued at about $116,462,000.  Finally, Parnassus Investments CA increased its stake in  Danaher Corporation by 15.3% in the first quarter. Parnassus Investments CA now owns 8,622,528 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $712,738,000 after buying an additional 1,143,284 shares in the last quarter. 76.34% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 
About Danaher Corporation
Danaher Corporation (Danaher) designs, manufactures and markets professional, medical, industrial and commercial products and services. The Company operates through four segments: Life Sciences, which offers a range of research tools that scientists use to study the basic building blocks of life, including genes, proteins, metabolites and cells, in order to understand the causes of disease, identify new therapies and test new drugs and vaccines; Diagnostics; which offers analytical instruments, reagents, consumables, software and services; Dental, which provides products that are used to diagnose, treat and prevent disease and ailments of the teeth, gums and supporting bone, and Environmental & Applied Solutions, which consists of various lines of business, including water quality and product identification.






Receive News & Ratings for Danaher Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Danaher Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 
























































