 






















  




Products - Radios, Accessories, Networks, & Apps - Motorola Solutions
















skip to content

















mobile toggle





























Motorola Products
















Making the move from analog to digital
Texas Bigfoot Communications chooses a bright future with MOTOTRBO Capacity Max.
View Case Study











Get an Si500
 Body-Worn Camera For Free
Get a free Si500 police body camera with every subscription to CommandCentral Vault Digital Evidence Management System.
LEARN MORE











Connect instantly, affordably.
See how WAVE OnCloud PTT service instantly connects your employees via mobile phones, computers and radios to get more done, faster. 


Watch and Learn











Find the perfect one for everyone
Whether it's a rugged, voice-only radio or a productivity powerhouse, there's a MOTOTRBO solution that's perfect for you.
Build Your Solution






Prev


0


1


2


3


Next









Our wide-ranging product portfolio has the tools you need to get the job done in any business.



Browse below to find individual products, entire networks and systems or the right accessory or service to complete your experience.






















How to Buy

 
 

    
		How to Buy
 

 




Call 1.888.325.9336






Chat Live with a Representative



Contact Us Online


Find a Partner







Get Support




Share & Connect



Share this on






Facebook






Twitter






Google+






LinkedIn






Email





Connect with us on





Facebook






Twitter






LinkedIn






YouTube






Communities















Browse By






Devices




Police Cameras
Consumer Two-way Radios
LTE Devices
Pagers
Two-way Radios








Systems and Networks




Analog Business Radio Systems
Dispatch
LTE Broadband Systems
MOTOTRBO Systems
Project 25 (P25) Systems








Software and Applications




App Download Center
Intelligent Middleware
Smart Public Safety Solutions
Two-way Radio Applications
Voice Applications





 





Accessories




Police Camera Accessories
Consumer Two-way Radios Accessories
Two-way Radio Accessories








Product Lines & Technologies




APX™ Series P25 Two-way Radios
ASTRO® 25 Network
IMPRES™ Smart Energy and Audio Solutions
Industrial Internet of Things
MOTOTRBO™
Public Safety LTE
Talkabout™
WAVE™ Work Group Communications











 




Experience Motorola Solutions






Featured Items


















Smarter. Safer. Better Together. 

Do what you never thought possible when you harness data with Mobile Intelligence. See it in action.

















Get a Free Si500 Body-Worn Camera 

Get an Si500 police body camera for free with every subscription to CommandCentral Vault Digital Evidence Management System.



















Act Now and Save Up to $1200 on Next Generation MOTOTRBO 
    

With the advanced features of MOTOTRBO two-way radios, crystal-clear audio and intelligent data applications, your teams will work more safely and efficiently. Redeem your savings.





 




















Now There's Another Option to Reach 9-1-1

Text-to-9-1-1 offers a potentially lifesaving choice for situations when calling 9-1-1 is not an option.


















Connect instantly, affordably.

See how WAVE OnCloud PTT service instantly connects your employees via mobile phones, computers and radios to get more done, faster. 

















Sign Up Today: Smart Public Safety Solutions Webinar Series
    

Join industry experts in our monthly webinar series.





 




















Find the Perfect One for Everyone

Whether it's a rugged, voice-only radio or a productivity powerhouse, there's a MOTOTRBO solution that's perfect for you.

















LEX L10 Mission Critical Handheld

Purpose-built mission critical LTE handheld with the Public Safety Experience (PSX) that responders need to work faster, safer and smarter.

















VML750 LTE Vehicle Modem

Extend Public Safety LTE connectivity into your vehicle fleet and take advantage of broadband data on the go.





 







Perspectives














Improving System Performance With Big Data Analytics

Jun 26, 2017 | 
								0 comments








Rushil Ramachandran
                                    







What Does A Browser Have In Common With NG9-1-1?

Jun 01, 2017 | 
								0 comments








Craig Dollar
                                    







Neglected Security Patches Making You WannaCry? Next Time Don't Wait

May 16, 2017 | 
								0 comments








Kelly Miller
                                    










 

























































Privacy
Terms of Use
Site map
Video Library
Feedback


USA & Canada

















 




  






















  




Motorola Two-Way Radios - Motorola Solutions
















skip to content


















mobile toggle



























Two-way Radios






Radio Families:
APX (P25)
MOTOTRBO (DMR)
On-site Business
Analog Business
Consumer









Focus on your mission. Not the two-way radio.
From no-compromise police radios to sleek business handhelds to family-friendly walkie-talkies, we have all the products you need to stay safe and stay connected.






























Relentless Innovation
From early car radios to the moon landing to the cellphone, Motorola has delivered breakthroughs in communications technology for nearly a century. We are trusted by millions of people, agencies and businesses across the world.



Legendary Quality
Our products are legendary for their ruggedness and durability. They excel where others fail. Building on our pioneering work with Six Sigma quality, we create products that stand the test of time and won't let you down.



Complete Solutions
We're more than just a radio company. We provide fully-integrated communications solutions, complete with the software, applications, systems, accessories and services you need to succeed. Whatever your requirements, you can trust us to deliver.















 


Browse by

















APX Series P25 Two-way Radios

Mission-critical radio products, purpose-built for First Responders and other operations who cannot compromise safety. The legendary APX series of radios combines sophisticated technology with incredible toughness and precise ergonomic controls.

















MOTOTRBO Professional Two-way Radios

Operations-critical radio products, designed for professional and commercial communications. The comprehensive portfolio of digital MOTOTRBO devices includes rugged portables, sophisticated mobiles and sleek handhelds.

















On-Site Two-Way Business Radios

Short-range commercial-grade radios for smaller organizations with simple requirements. A selection of cost-effective analog or digital handheld devices that allow your staff to stay connected.



















Analog Two-Way Business Radios

Traditional two-way radios, for organizations who have not made the transition to digital technology. From low-power pocket-sized radios to traditional rugged handhelds, these products keep your organization communicating effectively.

















Consumer Two-way Radios

Whether you have a taste for adventure in the wilderness, or need to supplement your disaster/emergency preparedness, our range of consumer two-way radios can help you keep your family and friends safe.

















Two-way Radio Accessories

Unleash the full potential of your two-way radio with accessories from our extensive portfolio. From smart batteries and chargers to discreet surveillance earpieces and durable noise-cancelling headsets, you can equip yourself for every eventuality.










Related Products
















Find Applications for Your Unique Needs

Go beyond push-to-talk. Our extensive portfolio of applications for two-way radio systems ranges from VoIP consoles to traceability applications to sophisticated mapping apps. Browse our interactive catalog.

















Si Series Video Speaker Microphone
    

The Si500 combines a police body camera with a high-quality radio speaker microphone and touchscreen interface for intuitive capture and storage and management of video, audio and image evidence.

















Find the Perfect One for Everyone

Whether it's a rugged workhorse, a sophisticated productivity powerhouse, or a sleek business handheld, there's a MOTOTRBO solution that's perfect for you. Use this tool to get personalized recommendations for your organization.





 





Are you ready?



Contact us. Let's talk.















































Privacy
Terms of Use
Site map
Video Library
Feedback


USA & Canada

















 




  






















  




Motorola MOTOTRBO Systems - Motorola Solutions
















skip to content


















mobile toggle





























MOTOTRBO Systems





























Be safer, more efficient and more productive with the powerful digital performance and advanced capabilities of MOTOTRBO.

No matter how large or small your enterprise, MOTOTRBO offers a wide range of systems specifically designed for your business – for the days ahead and the years beyond. You get the best of two-way radio with digital technology and enjoy integrated voice and data communication, increased capacity, enhanced features and exceptional voice quality, across the city and around the globe.








Build Your Solution


Customer Stories


APPS GUIDE


Brochure







How to Buy

 
 

    
		How to Buy
 

 




Call 1.888.325.9336






Chat Live with a Representative



Contact Us Online


Find a Partner







Get Support




Share & Connect



Share this on






Facebook






Twitter






Google+






LinkedIn






Email





Connect with us on





Facebook






Twitter






LinkedIn






YouTube






Communities

















Discontinued Repeaters and Controllers
These products may no longer be available for sale but here you’ll find out how to upgrade, replace or repair your product.




MOTOTRBO Two-Way Radio Infrastructure
Maximize the functionality and scalability of your two-way radio communications with robust infrastructure products.




MOTOTRBO Commercial Radio Systems
This solution provides you with the option of buying monthly airtime service on a regional radio network.






MOTOTRBO System Applications
Motorola's Sold and Supported program offers a range of applications from our premium application development partners that add unique value to your MOTOTRBO radio system.




MOTOTRBO Private Systems
Systems specifically designed for your business, offering the best of two-way radio with digital technology, integrated voice and data communication, increased capacity, enhanced features and exceptional voice quality.









Experience Motorola Solutions





Featured Items
















Find the Perfect One for Everyone

Whether it's a rugged, voice-only radio or a productivity powerhouse, there's a MOTOTRBO solution that's perfect for you.

















 































Privacy
Terms of Use
Site map
Video Library
Feedback


USA & Canada

















 




 







Motorola Solutions













































SELECT YOUR LOCATION


Remember my selection


  		We can remember your preferencewith a cookie on your device.Is this OK? Yes • No  |  Learn More








Africa






Asia Pacific






Europe








Latin America and Caribbean






Middle East                              







North America                         







AfricaBack to top



East Africa

Burundi - Français
Comoros - Français
Djibouti - English
Eritrea - English
Ethiopia - English
Kenya - English
Madagascar - Français
Malawi - English
Mauritius - English
Mozambique - English
Réunion - Français
Rwanda - English
Seychelles - English
Somalia - English
Tanzania - English
Uganda - English





Central Africa

Angola - English
Cameroon - English
Central African Republic - Français
Chad - English
Congo, Rep (Brazzaville) - Français
Congo, Dem (Kinshasa) - Français
Equatorial Guinea - Français
Gabon - English
São Tomé and Príncipe - English



North Africa

Algeria - English
Libya - English
Morocco - English
Sudan - English
Tunisia - Français
Western Sahara - English





Southern Africa

Botswana - English
Lesotho - English
Malawi - English
Namibia - English
South Africa - English
Zambia - English
Zimbabwe - English



West Africa

Benin - Français
Burkina Faso - English
Cape Verde - English
Cote d'Ivoire (Ivory coast) - Français
The Gambia - English
Ghana - English
Guinea-Bissau - English
Liberia - English
Mali - Français
Mauritania - English
Niger - English
Nigeria - English
Saint Helena - Français
Senegal - English
Sierra Leone - English
Togo - English





Asia PacificBack to top




Australia - English
China - 简体中文
Hong Kong - English
India - English
Indonesia - English






Japan - 日本語
Malaysia - English
New Zealand - English
Philippines - English
Singapore - English






South Korea - 한국어
Taiwan - English
Thailand - English
Vietnam - Việt
All other countries in Asia - English





EuropeBack to top



Western Europe

Austria - Deutsch
Belgium - English
France - Français
Germany - Deutsch
Liechtenstein - Deutsch
Luxembourg - English
Monaco - Français
Netherlands - English
Switzerland - English



Eastern Europe

Belarus - English
Bulgaria - English
Czech Republic - English
Hungary - English
Poland - Polski
Republic of Moldova - English
Romania - English
Russian Federation - Pусский
Slovakia - English
Ukraine - Pусский





Northern Europe

Aland Island - English
Channel Islands - English
Denmark - English
Estonia - English
Faeroe Islands - English
Finland - English
Iceland - English
Ireland - English
Isle of Man - English
Jersey - English
Latvia - English
Lithuania - English
Norway - English
Sweden - English
United Kingdom of Great Britainand Northern Ireland - English





Southern Europe

Albania - English
Andorra - English
Bosnia and Herzegovina - English
Croatia - English
Greece - English
Italy - English
Malta - English
Montenegro - English
Portugal - English
San Marino - English
Serbia - English
Slovenia - English
Spain - English
Republic of Macedonia - English
Turkey - English





Latin America and CaribbeanBack to top




Argentina - Español
Bolivia - Español
Brazil - Português
Caribbean - English, Español
Central America - English, Español






Chile - Español
Colombia - Español
Ecuador - Español
Mexico - Español
Paraguay - Español






Peru - Español
Puerto Rico - Español
Uruguay - Español
Venezuela - Español





Middle EastBack to top




Bahrain - English
Egypt - English
Israel - Hebrew
Jordan - English






Kuwait - English
Lebanon - English
Oman - English
Pakistan - English






Qatar - English
Saudi Arabia - English
United Arab Emirates - English
Yemen - English





North AmericaBack to top




Canada - English
Mexico - Español
United States - English










Please note that if a specific website is not available for the location you choose, then you will be directed to the most appropriate regional site.














 









 





















  




Motorola Solutions Mission Critical Communications  - Motorola Solutions
















skip to content

















mobile toggle
































MAKE THE MOVE FROM REACTIVE TO PROACTIVE 
View the webinar and discover how you can elevate your network performance with data from your mission-critical system.
LEARN MORE













Smart Fire and First Response for the Moments That Matter
Visit us in Booth 1415 at Fire-Rescue International 2017 to see how we help fire services protect communities with reliable communications and turn data into actionable intelligence.
VISIT US













See what's new and what's next in public safety
Get expert insights, reports and perspectives from fellow agencies.
Check out Smart Public Safety Beat













Tour the Smart Fire and First Response Experience
Visit the one destination that brings together all of the smart solutions, products, and resources needed to help focus on the mission.
Explore Now









0


1


2


3










 
        Loading News... 
      





More News



















MAXIMIZE RADIO PERFORMANCE 
    

From frontline to maintenance, in the refinery or deep within the mine, ensure peak performance of your radio communications. 

















SOUND THE ALARM ON OUTDATED SIRENS
    

How smart and secure is your early warning siren solution? 

















IMPROVING COMMUNITY RELATIONS WITH TECHNOLOGY
    

Register for the webinar to see how real-time data from your citizens is key to improving community relations, response times and your ability to resolve incidents. 





 








 

















Privacy
Terms of Use
Site map
Video Library
Feedback


USA & Canada


















 




  





















  






















Motorola Solutions Home - Motorola Solutions EMEA
















skip to content

















mobile toggle
































READY FOR THE FUTURE, TODAY
Be ready for the future today with DIMETRA X Core, the new fully scalable TETRA system for Mission Critical Communications.
LEARN MORE













 ARE YOU PREPARED FOR NETWORK OUTAGES? 
Analyse Critical Network Events for the Preventable and Unpredictable 
Learn More - New White Paper













Communications made simple
Simplify your communications whilst reducing costs and complexity. DIMETRA Express is a new, single-site TETRA system all in one box.
LEARN MORE













Every Delivery on Time. Every Customer Satisfied.
Redefine the supply chain with reliable voice communication and productivity enhancing applications.
DOWNLOAD SOLUTIONS BRIEF









0


1


2


3










 
        Loading News... 
      





More news



















UK PUBLIC SAFETY SOLUTIONS 

POLICE, AMBULANCE, FIRE AND RESCUE
Tailored solutions for the UK's Emergency Services, now and into the future.


Find out more



















NEXT GENERATION COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS
    

The efficient movement of people across public transport relies on the efficient movement of information.


DOWNLOAD WHITEPAPER



















EVERY GUEST EXPERIENCE PERFECTED
    

Discover the radios and applications that keep hotel staff connected and guests happy.


DOWNLOAD SOLUTIONS BRIEF







 








 














Privacy
Terms of Use
Site map
Video Library
Feedback


EMEA


















 




  






















  




Motorola Solutions Careers & Benefits - Motorola Solutions
















skip to content


















mobile toggle

























Motorola Solutions Career Center



 Watch The Video
 Explore Career Opportunities


 Back
 Explore Career Opportunities












RIGHT NOW, SOMEONE IS DEPENDING ON YOU TO BE YOUR BEST.
Find out how you can leverage your expertise at Motorola Solutions and enable people everywhere to be their best. Connect to a career that matters, right now.
You can also view our jobs on GettingHired.com where they will be fully accessible to all screen readers, assistive technology, and mobile devices. Motorola Solutions has partnered with GettingHired to create a connection to job seekers with disabilities and organizations serving the disability community.













Share & Connect



Share this on






Facebook






Twitter






Google+






LinkedIn





Connect with us on





Facebook






Twitter






LinkedIn






YouTube






Communities












 








Overview
                	
                


Working Here
                        	
                        


University
                        	
                        


Locations
                        	
                        


Search Jobs
                        	
                        












Join Us


Motorola Solutions creates innovative, mission-critical communication solutions and services that help public safety and commercial customers build safer cities and thriving communities. 

Founded in 1928, Motorola has a history of innovation that has revolutionized communications. From pioneering mobile communications in the 1930s and making equipment that carried the first words from the moon in 1969, to supporting modern-day emergency response equipment for disaster relief efforts around the world, Motorola Solutions has a global footprint with products that demonstrate its thought leadership.









 

              Our employees enable industries worldwide to thrive, achieve and do   their best work. They create indispensable, indestructible tools to help   more people in more businesses in more places to be their best. They do   it to better serve the government, health, public safety and other businesses for which we've created clear and confident communications   solutions for more than 80 years. The work they do is meaningful, impactful and ongoing.










AND WE NEED DRIVEN, MOTIVATED VISIONARIES LIKE YOU TO JOIN  THEM.


Meet the leaders of our present and future. Then join us.









OUR VALUES




we areinnovative
We constantly create ingenious solutions to the real challenges of today, tomorrow and beyond.



we arepassionate
We meet every challenge with energy and determination, always pursuing ever-higher standards.



we aredriven
We keep it simple by focusing on what matters most so we can seize opportunities with speed and confidence.



we areaccountable
We stand behind the work we do, the contributions we make and the high business standards we maintain.



we arepartners
We succeed together because we respect all individuals and value contributions from colleagues and customers alike.





To work with and for Motorola Solutions, start here. Our Values are based on a foundation of uncompromising integrity and ethics that influence everything we do. They represent not just what we believe, but how we will behave toward each other, our customers, our suppliers and all of our stakeholders.








Valuing an Inclusive Environment


By focusing on our Values, Motorola Solutions strives to create an inclusive environment where every individual has opportunity to make an impact. That's how we build on the innovation that has been our legacy for more than 80 years. It all starts with our belief that the next big idea can come from anyone, anywhere, at any time. At Motorola Solutions, diversity and inclusiveness are more than the keys to meeting and exceeding our customers' diverse needs - they're our competitive advantage.

Motorola Solutions is a smaller, more focused company than our predecessor, Motorola, Inc., allowing each of our employees greater say and greater impact. But our culture also asks every one of us to contribute to our fullest potential. With our Values as our foundation, we strive to engage the organization in promoting a culture that values diversity of thought. This gives each of us the chance to contribute to the best of our ability, and is the driving force behind Motorola Solutions' success.










Motorola's Business Councils Welcome You To Be Your Best


Everything you'll do at Motorola will be with the support of the top minds, tools and various Motorola Business Councils behind you. It's how we connect a range of abilities and ideas within the organization to the progress we're making outside of it. As we begin our new chapter as Motorola Solutions, our Business Councils are excited to shape their missions to support and grow our new business strategies.

Bring your perspective to Motorola Solutions and see what - and whom - you might shape. 

GIVE YOURSELF THE OPPORTUNITY TO SEE HOW FAR YOU CAN GO. 

Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to no discrimination because of race, color, creed, marital status, age, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, disability, protected veteran, or any other legally protected characteristic.










Saving the Day with Best In Class Solutions


Motorola Solutions connects people through technology. Public safety and commercial customers around the world turn to Motorola Solutions innovations when they want highly connected teams that have the information they need throughout their workdays and in the moments that matter most to them.

Our customers rely on us for the expertise, services and solutions we provide, trusting our years of invention and innovation experience. By partnering with customers and observing how our products can help in their specific industries, we are able to enhance our customers' experience every day.









 

 

            Taking great ideas from concept to reality is what innovative companies   do. At Motorola Solutions, we believe true innovation occurs when a new   technology solves a problem customers didn't know they had or in a way   they never thought possible. We strive to deliver solutions that bring   the right information, to the right person, at the right time. We help   our customers be their best in the moments that matter most —  protecting citizens, connecting with shoppers and empowering IT operations.

                  To read about how we're mobilizing businesses and lives around the globe, view our most recent press releases and case studies.







Corporate Responsibility


HELPING THE WORLD BE ITS BEST 
At Motorola Solutions, we are good citizens by design. Through the   solutions you'll create here, you'll help Motorola Solutions live out   our mission of helping people be their best, creating economic   opportunities and growth in the regions where we do business. 

  Our   products, services, operations, offices and factories are   environmentally conscious. Our commitment to doing the right thing   extends to our global supply chain through auditing and training. We set   expectations for our suppliers and work with them to conduct their   operations fairly and with human decency. We invest in the communities   where we operate through charitable giving and by expanding access to technologies. And we encourage our employees to push the boundaries of eco-innovation.













Helping the world be at its best includes helping employees be their best in all they do. Our employees embody the high value we place on doing business lawfully and ethically everywhere. See our latest Corporate Responsibility Report to learn how Motorola Solutions is approaching the future with mindfulness and balance.
See our Latest Corporate Responsibility Report

















CULTURE


A Culture Where the Best Thrive


                At Motorola Solutions, you'll find a culture of people striving to be their best. A culture focused not on manufacturing products, but on solving problems that allow customers and businesses to thrive.
You will:

Invent first-ever solutions.
Connect customers to ideas they can't live without and have never experienced before.
Solve pressing problems with solutions that come uniquely from the collaboration taking place here.








EXPERIENCE MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS


To experience what it's like to work at Motorola Solutions, view some of our latest press releases.
 
Or just Apply.













INNOVATE FOR GOOD

                We look for the most advanced problems solvers - like you - to help us create technologies that rise to the challenges of governments and public safety customers worldwide. To connect firemen to policemen to emergency responders to nurses to specialists to lives saved. To protect communities, grow businesses and make work safer and more efficient. To reduce costs while increasing dialogue, opportunity and growth.
 
Working with us is a chance to innovate for good.
 
Discover the innovative spirit that has kept both our customers and our employees satisfied for more than 80 years. Then join us.
            






GLOBAL BENEFITS & DEVELOPMENT


We pay for effort and outcome, both individual and business, and share in profitability and growth.
 
We offer salaries and benefits competitive for the industry and region you're in.
 
We continuously revise our rewards package to offer you a more balanced life.
 

Please consult your regional HR department to find out what specific programs are available to you. In most cases, depending upon your location, Motorola Solutions' Benefits Package includes:


























                HEALTH BENEFITS
                RETIREMENT BENEFITS
                WORK-LIFE BALANCE PROGRAMS
                WELL-BEING OPPORTUNITIES          
               

                HOLIDAY AND VACATION
                EDUCATION AND TRAINING
                EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE
                INCENTIVE PLANS
                





































 










Why Motorola Solutions


Connect With Life-Changing Opportunities
Make an impact. Be inspired. Emerge a leader. 

  You'll   take on much more than a job at Motorola Solutions, because the work we   do is literally life-changing for people and businesses around the   world. It's a focus that relies on your passion, potential and that   great stuff no one even knows you have. 

  Here, you'll get   recognized fast for your talents and be supported with the education,   resources and visibility you're looking for. The really good   opportunities you can't get just anywhere. 

  Right now, people all   over the world are counting on us. To answer their problems. To   energize and revitalize their businesses. To save their lives. To   connect them with the solutions we need you to think up.










Who We Hire


The following is a list of majors from which we recruit. But our highest priority is to bring the very best graduates straight from the classroom, into the field and onto our teams.


Whether you've studied sales, finance, manufacturing or are preparing to take on the world's very real challenges in any of our other solutions-driven departments, everything you'll do at Motorola Solutions will make an impact.











MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS GLOBAL CAREER AREAS



Engineering

Software Engineering
Hardware Engineering
Systems Engineering
Field Engineering



Global

Sales
Business Development
Inside Sales
Sales Enablement
Project Management



Corporate Functions

Information Technology
Human Resources
Marketing
Finance
Product Planning & Design
General Management










Programs and Opportunities


Seize Your Best Career Opportunity Right on Campus
Whether you're a current student looking for an   internship or are preparing to graduate, you'll take what you've learned   on campus even further in a career at Motorola Solutions: 

USE YOUR IDEAS TO HELP PEOPLE BE THEIR BEST.
INNOVATE FOR A GREENER FUTURE.WORK WITH THE BEST TEAMS ANYWHERE. 
FIND OUT HOW WE REWARD HARD WORK AND SMART IDEAS.
						             
							
								
							
							
						
						   
					









Internships and Co-Ops


Motorola Solutions participates in co-op and internship programs with select universities worldwide to offer you hands-on experience that will boost your resume and ignite your interests. You'll be treated as a junior professional with the opportunity to work alongside some of the most gifted telecommunications professionals around - solving real-life problems with solutions that enable people across all kinds of industries worldwide to thrive, achieve and do their best work.

Many of our students choose Motorola Solutions full-time when they graduate. For more information on your school's involvement in this program, please contact your co-op or internship placement office.










Graduating Students


Every year, Motorola actively recruits talented students to join our team upon graduation through university career fairs and the interviews we hold on-campus. The competition is stiff, but the experience is unmatched.
This is the career you've been hoping for: A challenging, supportive environment where you'll be listened to, respected and challenged to connect people around the world to better and smarter daily lives. In addition to a rewarding experience, you'll receive many great benefits.
Interested in innovating for the good of the world? Apply now.
















Argentina  •  
Australia  •  
Brazil  •  
China •  
Colombia  •  
Germany  •  
India  •  
Israel •  
Malaysia  •  
Mexico  •  
New Zealand  •  
Norway •  
Poland  •  
Russia  •  
Singapore  •  
Taiwan •  











Argentina
CAREERS IN ARGENTINA

Motorola Solutions is one of the main promoters of the technology industry in Argentina. Since its start in the country, it has been one of the leading companies in innovation and development and has introduced great advances in the local industry positioning itself as one of the most recognized technology companies.

The company entered Argentina in 1958, thanks to a production agreement with a local company, and since then has reached many milestones for telecommunications as the introduction of mobile telephony in the country. Our technology enables the coordination of communications in various public security forces and hundreds of enterprises.

Motorola has led the way in the industry of telecommunications in Argentina, with a large presence through its network of partners throughout the national territory. The company is also leading important social responsibility initiatives in education, public safety and environmental protection, as well as initiatives to reduce the digital divide and continue to contribute to the technological development of the country.

To cover the entire country with its products and services, Motorola Solutions has a strong distribution network. Through Partner Empower program, more than 200 authorized dealers are in constant training and specialization. Our channel partners serve different markets business such as retail, construction, manufacturing, logistics, transportation and catering, among others, and have increased their sales consistently every year, showing his maturity and reinforcing the culture of the use of technology in Argentina.
ADDRESS

AV. LIBERTADOR 1855, VICENTE LOPEZ,
PCIA DE BS AS, ARGENTINA
WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT
Work Environment
Working with us means you'll focus on interesting projects, work in an international environment and a great culture. The company offers an attractive compensation and competitive benefits. Our employees are recognized for innovation and are given formal or informal awards for their results and performance. At Motorola Solutions we offer our employees' professional development opportunities.

Bring your perspective to Motorola Solutions and see what, and whom, you might influence. Give yourself the opportunity to see how far you can go. When you work with us, you're creating the mission-critical solutions necessary to keep the government and public safety sectors, and businesses running smoothly. Through your innovations, you'll keep them and the people they support strong, connected and efficient.

You'll take on much more than a job at Motorola Solutions, because the work we do is literally life-changing for people and businesses around the world. It's a focus that relies on your passion, potential and abilities. You'll get recognized for your talents and be supported with the education, resources and visibility you're looking for.

Rewards Philosophy
Motorola Solutions employees have the opportunity to contribute their ideas in a diverse and inclusive environment. As supporters and advocates for an engaged, inclusive workforce our rewards philosophy helps employees contribute to their full potential. Motorola Solutions employees are recognized for innovation and are given formal or informal awards for their exquisite results and performance. At Motorola Solutions we take care of our employees' comprehensive development and work-life balance. We also offer additional educational courses and provide training opportunities.
Opportunities in our offices

Senior sales executive
Electrical engineer
Systems engineer
Selection Process
We treat each candidate individually and make sure they feel comfortable within the whole recruitment process. The selection process consists of a few stages. First we would usually invite you to the phone interview. Then we will ask you to come for the face to face interview with our specialists and managers, in order to verify your professional knowledge and interpersonal competencies. The chosen candidates are presented the job offer.
 




Australia
CAREERS IN AUSTRALIA OR NEW ZEALAND

Motorola Solutions is a leading provider of mission-critical communication solutions for enterprise and government customers. With a heritage of more than 45 years in Australia and New Zealand, Motorola Solutions has been at the forefront of local innovation, designing and applying a range of hardware, software, consulting and technology service solutions for some of the region's most critical public safety and enterprise wireless communication networks.

Our mission-critical technology forms the backbone of wireless communication solutions deployed by public safety agencies across every mainland State in Australia. We leverage this heritage in resilience and security to design solutions tailored for industries such as retail, minerals and energy, supply chain, transportation and logistics, healthcare and other commercial markets.

Headquartered in Victoria, we employ a strong local workforce, and are significantly invested in the local economy. We contribute approximately AUD$200 million per annum to the Australian economy, and support a range of community programs that span professional and science education, disaster relief and employee volunteering efforts.

WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT
Work Environment
Working with us means you'll focus on interesting projects, work in an international environment and a great culture. The company offers an attractive compensation and competitive benefits. Our employees are recognized for innovation and are given formal or informal awards for their results and performance. At Motorola Solutions we offer our employees' professional development opportunities.

Bring your perspective to Motorola Solutions and see what, and whom, you might influence. Give yourself the opportunity to see how far you can go. When you work with us, you're creating the mission-critical solutions necessary to keep the government and public safety sectors, and businesses running smoothly. Through your innovations, you'll keep themÑand the people they supportÑstrong, connected and efficient.

You'll take on much more than a job at Motorola Solutions, because the work we do is literally life-changing for people and businesses around the world. It's a focus that relies on your passion, potential and abilities. You'll get recognized for your talents and be supported with the education, resources and visibility you're looking for.

Rewards Philosophy
Motorola Solutions employees have the opportunity to contribute their ideas in a diverse and inclusive environment. As supporters and advocates for an engaged, inclusive workforce our rewards philosophy helps employees contribute to their full potential. Motorola Solutions employees are recognized for innovation and are given formal or informal awards for their exquisite results and performance. At Motorola Solutions we take care of our employees' comprehensive development and work-life balance. We also offer additional educational courses and provide training opportunities.
Selection Process
We treat each candidate individually and make sure they feel comfortable within the whole recruitment process. The selection process consists of a few stages. First we would usually invite you to the phone interview. Then we will ask you to come for the face to face interview with our specialists and managers, in order to verify your professional knowledge and interpersonal competencies. The chosen candidates are presented the job offer.
Careers Areas
Sales
Marketing
Finance
Product Planning & Design
Project Management

Locations

There are 10 Motorola branches across Australia and New Zealand. Motorola head office is located in East Burwood Victoria:
Australia
Motorola Solutions
10 Wesley Court
Tally Ho Business Park
Burwood East
Victoria 3151 Australia
Telephone: +61 3 9847 7500
 




Brazil
CAREERS IN BRAZIL

Motorola Solutions connects people through technology. Companies and government agencies worldwide seek the innovations of Motorola Solutions when they need fully connected teams to the information they need during their work in the moments that matter most. You can find the products and services of Motorola Solutions in various segments. From retail to wholesale, from a police station of a small town to the most protected government agencies, our products provide support to consumers that make up the global diversified economy. Our products support mobile transactions of all kinds, as well as the safety and security of citizens around the world.

Motorola Solutions has been prominent in strategic projects both for private companies and federal and local government. To cover all the national territory with its products, Motorola Solutions has a strong distribution network. There are more than 300 authorized resellers which are constantly recycling, training and specializing. This channel serves different business markets, thus showing its ability to grow every year and reinforcing the culture of technology use in communication in Brazil.

Our customers rely on the expertise, services and solutions we provide, supported by our extensive experience in invention and innovation. Partnerships with our customers and carefully watching how our products can help in specific sectors allow us to offer the best experience to our customers daily.
Address

Motorola Solutions Ltda
Av. Magalhães de Castro, 4800 – 7º andar
Cidade Jardim – São Paulo – SP
05676-120 - Brazil
+55 11 5171-9292.


Opportunities in our offices
Senior sales executive
Engineer in electronics
Systems engineer
Electrical engineer
Systems engineer
Support technician

Selection Process
We treat each candidate individually and make sure they feel comfortable within the whole recruitment process. The selection process consists of a few stages. First we would usually invite you to the phone interview. Then we will ask you to come for the face to face interview with our specialists and managers, in order to verify your professional knowledge and interpersonal competencies. The chosen candidates are presented the job offer.
 




China
CAREERS IN CHINA

MMotorola established a representative office in China in 1987 and led the first major wave of multinationals to invest in reform-era China. In 1993, Motorola established a software Research and Development (R&D) facility in China, one of the first of its kind in the country. To date, the company has continuously made substantial investments in China, including a major R&D center in Chengdu
Motorola Solutions continues to deliver new ways for governments and businesses to connect. Our secure mobile solutions are tailored for industries such as retail, energy and utilities, transportation and logistics, manufacturing and supply chain, healthcare and other commercial markets. Our mission-critical solutions such as the TETRA digital trunking systems and two-way radios are trusted by governments, public safety agencies, and strategic infrastructure operators.

Along with this portfolio, Motorola Solutions offers support tools and services to businesses in different scales, and a large range of additional vertical markets by offering its distinctive reach into an extensive network of channel partners. Motorola Solutions has strong commitment to the China market, and to local partners and customers.










WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT
Work Environment
Working with us means you'll focus on interesting projects, work in an international environment and a great culture. The company offers an attractive compensation and competitive benefits. Our employees are recognized for innovation and are given formal or informal awards for their results and performance. At Motorola Solutions we offer our employees' professional development opportunities.

Bring your perspective to Motorola Solutions and see what, and whom, you might influence. Give yourself the opportunity to see how far you can go. When you work with us, you're creating the mission-critical solutions necessary to keep the government and public safety sectors, and businesses running smoothly. Through your innovations, you'll keep themÑand the people they supportÑstrong, connected and efficient.

You'll take on much more than a job at Motorola Solutions, because the work we do is literally life-changing for people and businesses around the world. It's a focus that relies on your passion, potential and abilities. You'll get recognized for your talents and be supported with the education, resources and visibility you're looking for.




Colombia
CAREERS IN COLOMBIA
Since 1992, the company has strengthened its business vision as strategic partner of the country, and over the course of 21 years has managed to realize this vision through significant contributions to industry, commerce, government, and society of Colombia. After two decades the company has become a reference in the country in technology solutions for Government and security forces public growing in different divisions of business and number of employees; necessary to support the prosperous and consolidated operation. Moreover, the development of the national infrastructure of communication opened at Motorola Solutions the opportunity to contribute to their development and bringing cutting-edge technology and developed, efficient and modern communication equipment.

Motorola Solutions has been important in the operations of Colombia focus to be a key market for its great strength in public security and entrepreneurship of its workforce. It has its central sales office in Bogota.

As part of our corporate responsibility program, Motorola Solutions has established education programs in public schools in Colombia and also offers scholarships for soldiers victims of anti-personnel landmines.
Address

AV CR 45 # 108-27
1 14 FLOOR TOWER
BOGOTA, COLOMBIA


Opportunities in our offices
Business executives
Electronic, systems, electrical, and industrial engineers
Professionals in management, marketing, finance, psychology and communications

Selection Process
We treat each candidate individually and make sure they feel comfortable within the whole recruitment process. The selection process consists of a few stages. First we would usually invite you to the phone interview. Then we will ask you to come for the face to face interview with our specialists and managers, in order to verify your professional knowledge and interpersonal competencies. The chosen candidates are presented the job offer.




Germany
CKARRIERE IN DEUTSCHLAND
Motorola Solutions gehört weltweit zu den führenden Anbietern von geschäfts- und sicherheitskritischen Kommunikationslösungen für Wirtschaftsunternehmen und Kunden aus dem öffentlichen Sektor. Das Geschäftsfeld in Deutschland umfasst Funkgeräte und -systeme für die sicherheitskritische Kommunikation, mobile Computer, Barcodescanner, WLAN-Technologien, RFID-Systeme sowie entsprechende Services und Solutions.

Die deutsche Motorola Solutions Germany GmbH erzielte 2014 einen Umsatz von 591,2 Mio Euro und beschäftigt rund 500 Mitarbeiter an den Standorten Idstein, Berlin und Alsdorf.
Standort Berlin: Als ein führender Anbieter von Kommunikationslösungen für Behörden mit Sicherheitsaufgaben konzipieren und entwickeln wir u.a. Funkgeräte (TETRA-Standard) und die hierfür erforderliche Infrastruktur. In Berlin befindet sich das weltweite Motorola Kompetenzzentrum für den TETRA-Digitalfunk. Hier erstellt und liefert Motorola TETRA-Funksysteme in die ganze Welt. Neben den Behörden und Organisationen mit Sicherheitsaufgaben vertrauen auch Unternehmen des Öffentlichen Personennahverkehrs (ÖPNV) wie Rheinbahn, Energieversorger wie Vattenfall oder Unternehmen wie der Flughafen München auf Motorola TETRA-Lösungen. Darüber hinaus befindet sich das Europäische Reparaturzentrum in Berlin sowie Projektmanagement- und Servicebereiche und verwaltende Funktionen.

Standort Idstein: In Idstein befindet sich der Haupsitz der Motorola Solutions Germany GmbH. Dort ist insbesondere unsere Vertriebsorganisation erfolgreich tätig und betreut Kunden aus dem öffentlichen Sektor sowie internationale Wirtschaftsunternehmen, unter anderem aus den Bereichen Fertigung, Einzelhandel, Transport und Logistik. Darüber hinaus befinden sich verschiedene unterstützende und verwaltende Funktionen am Standort Idstein.

Standort Alsdorf: Unser Europäisches Logistikzentrum in Alsdorf sorgt für eine auftragsgemäße, optimale und reibungslose Auslieferung an unsere Kunden. Wir arbeiten bei Motorola Solutions eng mit weltweiten Logistik-Partnern zusammen.










WAS UNS EINZIGARTIG MACHT
Unsere Arbeitsplätze
Wir bieten unseren MitarbeiterInnen einen anspruchsvollen und interessanten Arbeitsplatz in einem global agierenden, modernen und sich stetig entwickelnden Arbeitsumfeld - mit Kollegen, die hinter ihrer Arbeit stehen, Spaß an Leistung und Innovationen haben und respektvoll zusammen arbeiten. Unsere Arbeitsplätze sind mit neuester Kommunikationstechnik ausgestattet, die das effiziente Agieren im internationalen Rahmen ermöglicht.


Entwicklung, Vergütung & Anerkennung
Der Erfolg unseres Unternehmens liegt in den Händen unserer MitarbeiterInnen. Daher belohnen wir Leistung und bieten ein umfangreiches, wettbewerbsfähiges Vergütungssystem mit attraktiven Gehalts- und Sozialleistungen. Darüber hinaus  fördern wir unsere MitarbeiterInnen durch umfangreiche, individuelle Entwicklungsmaßnahmen, z.B. durch gezielte Fach- und Führungskräftetrainings bis hin zum Coaching. Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Gesundheitsprogramme uvm. befähigen unsere MitarbeiterInnen, ihre Balance zwischen Arbeit, Karriere und persönlicher Lebensplanung zu finden.
Unsere Mission
Unser Fokus sind unsere Kunden
Jeder einzelne Moment ist wichtig - für jemanden irgendwo auf der Welt. Und in jedem Moment spielen die innovativen Technologien, Produkte und Services von Motorola Solutions eine wichtige Rolle im Leben von Menschen. Hierbei  ermöglichen wir Feuerwehrleuten und Polizisten eine bessere Reaktionsfähigkeit in Gebäuden und auf der Straße. Auch Logistikketten für Einzelhändler und Stromnetze für Wartungspersonal machen wir transparent. Unsere Firma unterstützt Einsatzkräfte, im Notfall die richtigen Entscheidungen zu treffen und hilft unseren Kunden, ihre Waren pünktlich zu liefern. 

Dies erreichen wir, indem wir Menschen mit Kommunikationsnetzen, Anwendungen und Services nahtlos verbinden, ihnen Informationen in Echtzeit zur Verfügung stellen und intuitive sowie praktisch unzerstörbare mobile Geräte an die Hand geben. 

Wir arbeiten bei Motorola Solutions eng mit unseren weltweiten Channel-Partnern zusammen und können dadurch einen sehr breiten Kundenstamm versorgen – von kleinen Firmen bis hin zu Fortune-500-Unternehmen. Dabei konzentrieren wir uns vor allem auf die Entwicklung von End-to-End-Lösungen, die Kunden eine deutliche Kapitalrendite (Return on Investment, ROI) bieten. Zudem versetzen unsere Produkte die Anwender in die Lage, ihre Aufgaben durch nahtlose Konnektivität optimal zu erfüllen. 

Finden Sie heraus, wie Sie ihr Fachwissen bei Motorola Solutions einsetzen können, und ermöglichen Sie so, dass Menschen überall auf der Welt ihr Bestes geben können. Die Arbeit, die Sie bei uns ausüben, ist bedeutungsvoll, wirkungsvoll und nachhaltig.

Karriere bei MOTOROLA
Karriere in den Bereichen:
Vertrieb 
Services / Projektmanagement / Field Services 
Supply Chain 
Engineering
Marketing
Produktplanung & Design 
Finanzwesen
Allgemeines Management 
verschiedene Ausbildungsmöglichkeiten wie z.B. studentische Praktika, Studentenjobs

Motorola Solutions sucht zielgerichtete, motivierte Visionäre wie Sie, die unsere Teams verstärken. Bei uns können Sie die ganze Bandbreite von interessanten und anspruchsvollen Praktika, Berufsausbildung, Einsteigerpositionen bis hin zu spannenden und herausfordernden Positionen für Berufserfahrene und Führungskräfte in Telekommunikations- und Verwaltungsberufen finden. Ihre Bewerbung über unseren online-Stellenmarkt www.motorolasolutions.com/careers wird nach Eingang von einem erfahrenen HR-Recruitmentteam gesichtet und gemeinsam mit dem Fachbereich wird dann eine Vorauswahl getroffen. Die ausgewählten Kandidaten werden direkt kontaktiert und zu einem Telefoninterview oder einem persönlichen Bewerbungsgespräch eingeladen. Selbstverständlich übernehmen wir die entstehenden Reisekosten.

Wir helfen Menschen, in den entscheidenden Momenten ihr Bestes zu geben. Das ist unsere Aufgabe.




India
CAREERS IN INDIA
Motorola Solutions connects people through technology. Public safety and commercial customers around the world turn to Motorola Solutions innovations when they want highly connected teams that have the information they need throughout their workdays and in the moments that matter most to them.

Our customers rely on us for the expertise, services and solutions we provide, trusting our years of invention and innovation experience. By partnering with customers and observing how our products can help in their specific industries, we are able to enhance our customers’ experience every day. Motorola Solutions India serves the government customers with core markets in public safety government agencies
In India we have our registered corporate office in Gurgaon along with the sales office in Mumbai. 

WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT
Work Environment
Working with us means you'll focus on interesting projects, work in an international environment and a great culture. The company offers an attractive compensation and competitive benefits. Our employees are recognized for innovation and are given formal or informal awards for their results and performance. At Motorola Solutions we offer our employees' professional development opportunities.

Bring your perspective to Motorola Solutions and see what, and whom, you might influence. Give yourself the opportunity to see how far you can go. When you work with us, you're creating the mission-critical solutions necessary to keep the government and public safety sectors, and businesses running smoothly. Through your innovations, you'll keep themÑand the people they supportÑstrong, connected and efficient.

You'll take on much more than a job at Motorola Solutions, because the work we do is literally life-changing for people and businesses around the world. It's a focus that relies on your passion, potential and abilities. You'll get recognized for your talents and be supported with the education, resources and visibility you're looking for.

Rewards Philosophy
Motorola Solutions employees have the opportunity to contribute their ideas in a diverse and inclusive environment. As supporters and advocates for an engaged, inclusive workforce our rewards philosophy helps employees contribute to their full potential. Motorola Solutions employees are recognized for innovation and are given formal or informal awards for their exquisite results and performance. At Motorola Solutions we take care of our employees' comprehensive development and work-life balance. We also offer additional educational courses and provide training opportunities.
Selection Process
We treat each candidate individually and make sure they feel comfortable within the whole recruitment process. The selection process consists of a few stages. First we would usually invite you to the phone interview. Then we will ask you to come for the face to face interview with our specialists and managers, in order to verify your professional knowledge and interpersonal competencies. The chosen candidates are presented the job offer.
Careers Areas
Software Engineer
Test Engineer
Quality Engineer

Address

Motorola Solutions India Private Limited
Regd. Off.: Motorola Excellence Centre, 415/2, Mehrauli Gurgaon Road, Sector-14, Gurgaon  122001, Haryana. India




Israel
CAREERS IN ISRAEL
Motorola Israel Ltd. was established in 1948, and has since 1964 been a wholly owned subsidiary of Motorola Inc., a multinational communications corporation headquarter in the United States. In January 2011, Motorola Inc. was divided into two separate companies: Motorola Solutions and Motorola Mobility. Following the separation, Motorola Israel remained unchanged (with the exception of the cellular unit) as Motorola Solutions Israel, a part of Motorola Solutions Inc.

Motorola Israel was Motorola Inc.'s first branch outside the United States, and the first company to establish a design and development center in Israel. The company develops and provides communications solutions based on advanced technologies to government and public safety bodies, courier companies and to a variety of commercial entities in Israel and around the world.

Motorola Solutions Israel includes the R&D center and several business groups:
R&D Center
At the Center, Motorola designs and develops a diverse range of communication products and net work management systems, which are sold in Israel and across the world. The Design Center is an industry leader in implementing prestigious global projects such as developing broadband (LTE) subscriber units for emergency, public safety and security organizations, the global courier industry and commercial enterprises. The Center led the introduction of the MOTOBRIDGE system, providing fully integrated communications solutions to first responders, security and public safety organizations around the world. The Center also plays a significant overall role in developing Motorola's extensive range of products marketed globally, such as the TETRA and ASTRO communications net works for the public safety market, Safe City command and control solutions, and more.

Business Groups:
Israel Market
The group markets and sells communication products and solutions to the military and security forces, emergency and rescue organizations, government bodies, public institutions and commercial enterprises. The main technological trends include developing a national emergency communications network ser vying public safety bodies in routine conditions and during emergencies; broadband communication for the emergency and rescue forces; communication system encryption; homeland emergencies security; and "Safe City" systems, which have been installed in several cities in Israel.

Motorola Centers - Motostores are distributed throughout Israel and provide services to some 600,000 Motorola clients annually. A diverse range of products are offered for sales at the centers including TALK ABOUT walkie-talkies, professional communications, multimedia devices and more.
Export Market

The group provides communications solutions and systems for the public safety sector and is responsible for marketing and sales activities to some 40 countries, primarily in Africa. The group's clientele includes security forces, governments, ministries, oil companies, utilities and transport and logistics companies.
Service and Integration
The Services group is responsible for planning and implementing solutions and systems for all customers in Israel and in the export markets and for providing support, maintenance and added value services to all the customers. The group employs dozens of engineers and technicians that establish and maintain its diverse solutions and systems, which include digital communication systems complying with various standards, broadband systems, command and control systems and more.

WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT
Work Environment
Working with us means you'll focus on interesting projects, work in an international environment and a great culture. The company offers an attractive compensation and competitive benefits. Our employees are recognized for innovation and are given formal or informal awards for their results and performance. At Motorola Solutions we offer our employees' professional development opportunities.

Bring your perspective to Motorola Solutions and see what, and whom, you might influence. Give yourself the opportunity to see how far you can go. When you work with us, you're creating the mission-critical solutions necessary to keep the government and public safety sectors, and businesses running smoothly. Through your innovations, you'll keep them and the people they support strong, connected and efficient.

You'll take on much more than a job at Motorola Solutions, because the work we do is literally life-changing for people and businesses around the world. It's a focus that relies on your passion, potential and abilities. You'll get recognized for your talents and be supported with the education, resources and visibility you're looking for.

Rewards Philosophy
In Motorola Solutions we believe that building a compensation plan that allows managers to recruit, retain and motivate the best employees, leads to excellent performance and leverage the company's vision. Total compensation package is designed to contribute to the well-being and economic safety of our employees and their families, present and future. Motorola Solutions employees enjoy variety of benefits which include: pension insurance package and independent pension advice, health and dental insurance and periodic medical examinations, car program, subsidized meals, restricted stock plans (RSUs), a variety of social activities and more.
Recruitment Process
We see the importance of our human capital, as a key part in the success of the entire organization and leading it forward. We are looking for creative people, which will help us to create solutions that will provide a response to the challenges of business organizations and governments worldwide. Motorola Solutions recruitment process includes several steps: professional interview and behavioral interview, reliability test, and further tests as necessary. We recruit a wide variety of roles such as engineers, salesmen, etc. Our aim is to conduct a recruiting process as quickly and efficiently as possible, while providing personal attention to each candidate nominated in the process.

Motorola Solutions Israel Ltd.
2 Negev st.,
Airport City 70199, Israel




Malaysia
CAREERS IN MALAYSIA
Motorola Solutions has more than 80 years of global leadership in mission-critical communication solutions for government and enterprise customers in more than 65 countries. For more than 50 years in Asia Pacific including Japan and the Middle East, the company serves a diversified customer base. Helping its customers to be their best in the moments that matter, Motorola Solutions achieves this with its public safety solutions, mobile computing technology, advanced data capture, integrated command and control communications, WLAN solutions and advanced services.
With more than 40 years of corporate presence in Malaysia, Motorola Solutions Malaysia Sdn Bhd has established itself as a leading provider of mission critical communication for government customers.
Also housed in Penang is a full fledged R&D center that design and develop two way radios in the region. The facility is one of the few design centers that provide end to end two way radio communication solutions. Motorola Solutions employees have a history of exploding possibility across the planet, innovating smarter, more flexible and more insightful ideas.

Our employees enable industries worldwide to thrive, achieve and do their best work. They create indispensable, indestructible tools to help more people in more businesses in more places to be their best. They do it to better serve the government, health, public safety and other businesses for which we've created clear and confident communications solutions for more than 80 years. The work they do is meaningful, impactful and ongoing.

And we need driven, motivated visionaries like you to join us.
WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT
Work Environment
Working with us means you'll focus on interesting projects, work in an international environment and a great culture. The company offers an attractive compensation and competitive benefits. Our employees are recognized for innovation and are given formal or informal awards for their results and performance. At Motorola Solutions we offer our employees' professional development opportunities.

Bring your perspective to Motorola Solutions and see what, and whom, you might influence. Give yourself the opportunity to see how far you can go. When you work with us, you're creating the mission-critical solutions necessary to keep the government and public safety sectors, and businesses running smoothly. Through your innovations, you'll keep themÑand the people they supportÑstrong, connected and efficient.

You'll take on much more than a job at Motorola Solutions, because the work we do is literally life-changing for people and businesses around the world. It's a focus that relies on your passion, potential and abilities. You'll get recognized for your talents and be supported with the education, resources and visibility you're looking for.

Rewards Philosophy
Motorola Solutions employees have the opportunity to contribute their ideas in a diverse and inclusive environment. As supporters and advocates for an engaged, inclusive workforce our rewards philosophy helps employees contribute to their full potential. Motorola Solutions employees are recognized for innovation and are given formal or informal awards for their exquisite results and performance. At Motorola Solutions we take care of our employees' comprehensive development and work-life balance. We also offer additional educational courses and provide training opportunities.
Selection Process
We treat each candidate individually and make sure they feel comfortable within the whole recruitment process. The selection process consists of a few stages. First we would usually invite you to the phone interview. Then we will ask you to come for the face to face interview with our specialists and managers, in order to verify your professional knowledge and interpersonal competencies. The chosen candidates are presented the job offer.
Careers Areas in Research & Development:
Software Engineer
Electrical Engineer
Mechanical Engineer
Technical Writer
Careers Areas in Manufacturing & Distributions:
NPI Engineer
Process Engineer
Test Engineer
Quality Engineer
System Engineer
Buyer/Planner
Logistic Coordinator
IT Analyst, Scheduler
Careers Areas in Finance Shared Service Centre:
Accountant
Financial Analyst
Account Receivable Specialist
Account Payable Specialist
Financial Auditor
Careers Areas in Global Support Solutions:
Technical Support Specialist
Customer Support Specialist
Network Specialist
Address
Motorola Solutions Malaysia Sdn Bhd
Plot 2, Bayan Lepas Industrial Park
Mukim 12 SWD, 11900 Bayan Lepas
Penang, Malaysia




Mexico
CAREERS IN MÉXICO
In 1956, Dr. Dan Noble, then Vice President of Motorola Inc., traveled to Mexico to inspect systems for two-way radio installed by Motorola Solutions in the country. In particular, the development of the national infrastructure of communication provided Motorola Solutions the unique opportunity to contribute to their development through contributions of cutting-edge technology and the most modern, effective and developed communication equipment.

Since 1960, the company has chosen to conduct its business vision as strategic partner of the country, and in the course of these 50 years has managed to realize this vision through significant contributions to industry, commerce, government and society in Mexico.

Motorola Solutions has focuses on Mexico as a key market due to its proximity to the United States and the performance of its work force.

Thanks to the growth in the country, the company leads the deployment of communications infrastructure, telecommunications and public security.

Since 2010, Motorola Solutions manufactures several products in Reynosa, Tamaulipas. The company employs more than 1,400 people in the country and has sales offices in Mexico City, Guadalajara and Monterrey.

Address

BOQUES DE ALISOS #125
COL. BOSQUES DE LAS LOMAS
CUAJIMALPA, D.F.


Opportunities in our offices
Senior sales executive
Engineer in electronics
Systems engineer
Electrical engineer
Systems engineer
Quality assurance engineer
Support technician
Auditor

Selection Process
We treat each candidate individually and make sure they feel comfortable within the whole recruitment process. The selection process consists of a few stages. First we would usually invite you to the phone interview. Then we will ask you to come for the face to face interview with our specialists and managers, in order to verify your professional knowledge and interpersonal competencies. The chosen candidates are presented the job offer.




New Zealand
CAREERS IN AUSTRALIA OR NEW ZEALAND
Motorola Solutions is a leading provider of mission-critical communication solutions for enterprise and government customers. With a heritage of more than 45 years in Australia and New Zealand, Motorola Solutions has been at the forefront of local innovation, designing and applying a range of hardware, software, consulting and technology service solutions for some of the region's most critical public safety and enterprise wireless communication networks.

Our mission-critical technology forms the backbone of wireless communication solutions deployed by public safety agencies across every mainland State in Australia. We leverage this heritage in resilience and security to design solutions tailored for industries such as retail, minerals and energy, supply chain, transportation and logistics, healthcare and other commercial markets.

Headquartered in Victoria, we employ a strong local workforce, and are significantly invested in the local economy. We contribute approximately AUD$200 million per annum to the Australian economy, and support a range of community programs that span professional and science education, disaster relief and employee volunteering efforts.

WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT
Work Environment
Working with us means you'll focus on interesting projects, work in an international environment and a great culture. The company offers an attractive compensation and competitive benefits. Our employees are recognized for innovation and are given formal or informal awards for their results and performance. At Motorola Solutions we offer our employees' professional development opportunities.

Bring your perspective to Motorola Solutions and see what, and whom, you might influence. Give yourself the opportunity to see how far you can go. When you work with us, you're creating the mission-critical solutions necessary to keep the government and public safety sectors, and businesses running smoothly. Through your innovations, you'll keep themÑand the people they supportÑstrong, connected and efficient.

You'll take on much more than a job at Motorola Solutions, because the work we do is literally life-changing for people and businesses around the world. It's a focus that relies on your passion, potential and abilities. You'll get recognized for your talents and be supported with the education, resources and visibility you're looking for.

Rewards Philosophy
Motorola Solutions employees have the opportunity to contribute their ideas in a diverse and inclusive environment. As supporters and advocates for an engaged, inclusive workforce our rewards philosophy helps employees contribute to their full potential. Motorola Solutions employees are recognized for innovation and are given formal or informal awards for their exquisite results and performance. At Motorola Solutions we take care of our employees' comprehensive development and work-life balance. We also offer additional educational courses and provide training opportunities.
Selection Process
We treat each candidate individually and make sure they feel comfortable within the whole recruitment process. The selection process consists of a few stages. First we would usually invite you to the phone interview. Then we will ask you to come for the face to face interview with our specialists and managers, in order to verify your professional knowledge and interpersonal competencies. The chosen candidates are presented the job offer.
Careers Areas
Sales
Marketing
Finance
Product Planning & Design
Project Management

Locations

There are 10 Motorola branches across Australia and New Zealand. Motorola head office is located in East Burwood Victoria:
Australia
Motorola Solutions
10 Wesley Court
Tally Ho Business Park
Burwood East
Victoria 3151 Australia
Telephone: +61 3 9847 7500




Norway
CAREERS IN NORWAY
Our local organization has a very multi cultural environment. Our employees comprise more than 20 different nationalities. English and Norwegian are our two main languages.

The Oslo office is  centre of all our activities, Roll Out, Oprations & Maintenance  and sales .

Nødnett Project
Motorola Solutions is the prime contractor of Nødnett, the new nationwide digital TETRA radio communication system for Norwegian emergency agencies. The customer is the Norwegian state, represented by the Directorate of Emergency Communication (DNK), a subordinate to the Norwegian Ministry of Justice and Security.

The Nødnett project scope included deployment of a nationwide TETRA radio network, a redundant core network with multiple switching locations, over 300 control rooms for the emergency agencies and the delivery of TETRA radio terminals in parts of the country. The rollout of the nation wide TETRA radio network has been completed in December 2015, and is fully operational.

Main activity of  Motorola Solutions Norway today is to maintain and operate the Nødnett network .

Sales organization
Our sales organization is responsible for sales and development revenues of all Motorola Solutions' devices related to the government market.

WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT
Work Environment
Working with us means you'll focus on interesting projects, work in an international environment and a great culture. The company offers an attractive compensation and competitive benefits. Our employees are recognized for innovation and are given formal or informal awards for their results and performance. At Motorola Solutions we offer our employees' professional development opportunities.

Bring your perspective to Motorola Solutions and see what, and whom, you might influence. Give yourself the opportunity to see how far you can go. When you work with us, you're creating the mission-critical solutions necessary to keep the government and public safety sectors, and businesses running smoothly. Through your innovations, you'll keep them and the people they support strong, connected and efficient.

You'll take on much more than a job at Motorola Solutions, because the work we do is literally life-changing for people and businesses around the world. It's a focus that relies on your passion, potential and abilities. You'll get recognized for your talents and be supported with the education, resources and visibility you're looking for.

Rewards Philosophy
Motorola Solutions employees have the opportunity to contribute their ideas in a diverse and inclusive environment. As supporters and advocates for an engaged, inclusive workforce our rewards philosophy helps employees contribute to their full potential. Motorola Solutions employees are recognized for innovation and are given formal or informal awards for their exquisite results and performance. At Motorola Solutions we take care of our employees' comprehensive development and work-life balance. We also offer additional educational courses and provide training opportunities.
Selection Process
We treat each candidate individually and make sure they feel comfortable within the whole recruitment process. The selection process consists of a few stages. First we would usually invite you a first orientation F2F or by phone . 2nd face will Then we will be a face to face interview with our specialists and managers, in order to verify your professional knowledge and interpersonal competencies. The chosen candidates are presented the job offer.
Careers Areas within Nødnett Project
Project Manager
System Engineers/ OSS Support Engineers
Tetra System Architect
Operator Network Operations Centre
Fault Management Engineers
Locations

Kabelgata 34, 0580 Oslo




Poland
CAREERS IN POLAND
In Poland, Motorola Solutions headquarters are located in Krakow and Warsaw. The trade office and EMEA System Integration are located in the capital city. The Global R&D Center, Finance Shared Service Center, Supply Chain,  Learning and Solutions Support Center are located in Krakow.

The Global R&D Centre in Krakow is the second largest center of Motorola Solutions worldwide and employs more than 900 specialists.The Krakow R&D Center was established in 1998 and its operations are focused on APCO 25/TETRA/LTE radio network and subscriber software development. Projects in this space cover software development for radio infrastructure, network management solutions for radio network and subscriber terminals. Within the scope of development, operations deliver also applications using radio network communication protocols to deliver range of services for end users. We hire the best graduates of IT/telecommunications-related majors and experienced professionals who bring their ideas and innovations to the company.

The Krakow Finance Shared Service Center is a part of our global network of finance centers which provide world-class finance, accounting and purchasing services to Motorola branches globally. The Center started its operations in 2007. The Center currently employs about 250 
people in the field of general ledger, payroll, revenue cycle, treasury, financial analysis and other. We speak various languages like English, German, Spanish, Russian, Hebrew or French.
The Krakow Supply Chain is responsible for the delivery of products to our customers.It is done through a wide range of processes, out of which Order Management, Demand Planning, Supply Planning and New Product Introduction are performed from Krakow. 
The Krakow Learning is a team responsible for creating professional content that will inform our customers how to use innovative products & services offered by Motorola Solutions. The team in Krakow hires technical & training content developers, information architects and graphic support specialists.

Engineers in EA Solutions Support Center team provide technical support throughout the EMEA region. Dedicated and professional support team utilizes extensive lab to reproduce customer issues. It operates during usual business hours as well as provide 24x7 restoration service.

A part of the Solutions Support Centre is Motorola Service Desk, working closely with Marketing, Channel Sales & Operations. The Motorola Service Desk is a single point of contact team for Motorola Solutions throughout Europe, Israel and Africa, providing multi-lingual call, chat and email support for prospects, customers and partners.
More than 1,300 employees, who work at Kraków in the Software Design Center, Finance Shared Service Center, Supply Chain,Learning and Solutions Support Center  each day enable industries worldwide to thrive, achieve and do their best work.

WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT
Work Environment
Being part of our team - means you'll focus on interesting projects, work in an international environment and a great workplace culture. At Motorola Solutions we offer an attractive compensation and competitive benefits. Our employees are recognized for innovation and are given formal or informal awards for their results and performance. We care for our employees' professional development opportunities.

Bring your perspective to Motorola Solutions and see what, and whom, you might influence. Give yourself the opportunity to see how far you can go. When you work with us, you're creating the mission-critical solutions necessary to keep the government and public safety sectors, and businesses running smoothly. Through your innovations, you'll keep them and the people they support strong, connected and efficient.

You'll take on much more than a job at Motorola Solutions, because the work we do is literally life-changing for people and businesses around the world. It's a focus that relies on your passion, potential and abilities. You'll get recognized for your talents and be supported with the education, resources and visibility you're looking for.

Rewards Philosophy
At Motorola Solutions passion, potential and engagement are appreciated. 
Our employees are recognized for innovations and are given other formal or informal awards for their exquisite results and performance. In Motorola Solutions we take care of our employees' comprehensive development and work-life balance. The company supports completion of additional educational courses, provides online trainings and access to library on-site.
Professional development
We take care of our employees' comprehensive development and work-life balance. The company supports completion of additional educational courses, provides online trainings and access to library on-site.
Selection Process
We treat each candidate individually and make sure they feel comfortable within the whole recruitment process. The selection process consists of a few stages. First we would usually invite you to the phone interview. Then we will ask you to come for the face to face interview with our specialists and managers, in order to verify your professional knowledge and interpersonal competencies. The chosen candidates are presented the job offer.
Careers Areas in Software Design Center:
Software Engineer C/C++
Software Engineer Embedded C/C++
Software Engineer Java
Platform Engineer WINDOX/UNIX
Network Engineer
Web Developer
System Test Engineer
Test Engineer
Intern

Careers Areas in Finance Shared Service Center:

Financial Accountant
Accounts Receivable Specialist
Accounts Payable Specialist
Financial Analyst
Payroll Administrator
Intern
Careers Areas in Supply Chain Center:

Supply Chain Specialist
Order Management Specialist


Other profiles: 

Customer Support Specialist
Technical Support Engineer
Product Quality Assurance Engineer
Technical Writer
Training Content Developer

http://www.linkedin.com/company/motorolasolutions

Locations


KRAKÓW
Ul. Czerwone Maki 82
30-392 Krakow
WARSZAWA
Wołowska 5
02-672 Warszawa
Motorola Solutions Krakow












Russia
CAREERS IN RUSSIA
Motorola Solutions is an industry leader. It serves both enterprise and government customers with core markets in public safety government agencies and commercial enterprises. Our leadership in these areas includes public safety communications from infrastructure to applications and devices such as radios. We make professional and commercial two-way radios for a variety of markets.

Our customers rely on us for the expertise, services and solutions we provide, trusting our years of invention and innovation experience. By partnering with customers and observing how our products can help in their specific industries, we are able to enhance our customers' experience every day.

As an industry leader in government and public safety, we design and develop devices including radios and the infrastructure that supports them. Our mission-critical design philosophy led to our new High Velocity Human Factors investigation, an area of cognitive research that helps us develop products for first responders by working with them in crisis situations to study their communication needs. We take what we learn in the field and bring it back to the lab to create products that will function under extreme conditions and networks that will reliably support those products.

Working with our global channel partner community, Motorola Solutions reaches an extensive customer base, from small businesses to Fortune 500 companies. Our focus is on developing integrated end-to-end solutions that deliver a clear return on investment, and our products empower individuals through seamless connectivity.
Sites in Russia

There are two Motorola Solutions' offices in Russia. A sales and product support office is located in Moscow and an engineering operation in Saint Petersburg.
Moscow
Motorola Solutions' Moscow office sells and supports Motorola products and systems for the Russian Federation. The Moscow office began operations in 1993 with the goal of furthering development of sales in both business and mission-critical communication solutions for enterprise and government customers in the Russian market. Motorola Solutions sells products in this region through more than 130 subsidiaries and distributors.
Saint Petersburg
The Saint Petersburg Software Design Center, established in 1994, is a Center of Excellence in wireless communications and mobile radio infrastructure.

The Telecom engineering team in the Saint Petersburg Software Design Center focuses on Telecom infrastructure and subscriber software development for enterprise and public safety customers worldwide. The Telecom infrastructure engineering team develops and supports professional software for mobile transceiver stations, base site controllers, mobile IT bridges and enterprise grade PTT solution for radio interoperability and extension to broadband networks and devices.
The Chief Technology Office (CTO) Software Solutions team in the Saint Petersburg Software Design Center creates next-generation solutions for public safety and business customers. The team focuses on developing and applying analytics technology in innovative proof-of-concept prototypes to solve real-world problems and enable new business opportunities. 
The team's expertise includes multi-networking and connectivity (Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, GNSS, NFC, etc.), next generation public safety, mobile applications, UI/UX, natural language processing, managed services, cloud computing and big data analytics.
We hire the best graduates in Computer Science related majors and experienced professionals who bring their ideas and innovations to Motorola Solutions.
WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT
Work Environment
Our offices in Moscow and Saint Petersburg are situated in modern and ecological buildings. We take care of employees’ health and safety and work-life balance. Working for us means interesting projects, international environment and great team of professionals. 
Rewards Philosophy
Our employees are recognized for innovations and are given other formal or informal awards for their exquisite results and performance. In Motorola Solutions we take care of our employees' comprehensive development. The company supports completion of additional educational courses, provides online trainings and access to library on-site.
Selection Process
We treat each candidate individually and make sure they feel comfortable within the whole recruitment. The selection process consists of a few stages. First we would usually invite you to the HR and/or technical interview to verify your professional knowledge and skills.. Then we will ask you to come for the interview with hiring manager/project managers. The chosen candidates are presented the job offer.
Careers Areas in Software Design Center:
- Software Engineer JAVA/Android
- Software Engineer iOS
- Test Engineer
- Intern
Careers Areas in Sales:
- Account Manager
- Channel Manager
- Project Manager
- Service Engineer




Singapore
CAREERS IN SINGAPORE
Motorola Solutions has more than 80 years of global leadership in mission-critical communication solutions for government and enterprise customers in more than 65 countries. For more than 50 years, Motorola Solutions has market presence across Asia Pacific and the Middle East, including Japan, Libya and Egypt. Since 1983, Singapore has been the company's headquarters for the region.

Helping its customers to be their best in the moments that matter, Motorola Solutions offers its highly diversified customer base with a portfolio of public safety solutions, mobile computing technology, advanced data capture, integrated command and control communications, WLAN solutions and advanced support and services.

While continuous innovation brings cutting-edge communications technology to its customers, Motorola Solutions also uses this technology to serve the welfare of communities. Through the Motorola Solutions Foundation, the charitable and philanthropic arm of Motorola Solutions, the company has collaborated with tertiary institutions and public safety agencies to foster programs that improve public safety and support educational causes.
WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT
Work Environment
Working with us means you'll focus on interesting projects, work in an international environment and a great culture. The company offers an attractive compensation and competitive benefits. Our employees are recognized for innovation and are given formal or informal awards for their results and performance. At Motorola Solutions we offer our employees' professional development opportunities.

Bring your perspective to Motorola Solutions and see what, and whom, you might influence. Give yourself the opportunity to see how far you can go. When you work with us, you're creating the mission-critical solutions necessary to keep the government and public safety sectors, and businesses running smoothly. Through your innovations, you'll keep themÑand the people they supportÑstrong, connected and efficient.

You'll take on much more than a job at Motorola Solutions, because the work we do is literally life-changing for people and businesses around the world. It's a focus that relies on your passion, potential and abilities. You'll get recognized for your talents and be supported with the education, resources and visibility you're looking for.

Rewards Philosophy
Motorola Solutions employees have the opportunity to contribute their ideas in a diverse and inclusive environment. As supporters and advocates for an engaged, inclusive workforce our rewards philosophy helps employees contribute to their full potential. Motorola Solutions employees are recognized for innovation and are given formal or informal awards for their exquisite results and performance. At Motorola Solutions we take care of our employees' comprehensive development and work-life balance. We also offer additional educational courses and provide training opportunities.
Selection Process
We treat each candidate individually and make sure they feel comfortable within the whole recruitment process. The selection process consists of a few stages. First we would usually invite you to the phone interview. Then we will ask you to come for the face to face interview with our specialists and managers, in order to verify your professional knowledge and interpersonal competencies. The chosen candidates are presented the job offer.
Careers Areas
Sales
Marketing
Finance
Project Management

Address:

Motorola Solutions Singapore Pte Ltd
UE BizHub Central, #07-01 Block A
12 Ang Mo Kio, Street 64
Singapore 569088




Taiwan
CAREERS IN TAIWAN
Motorola Solutions is a leading provider of mission-critical communications solutions for government and enterprise customers. With more than 30 years of leadership in Taiwan, Motorola Solutions continues to addresses mission-critical wireless communications for government agencies and public safety first responders.

Our dedication and experience in the integrated radio communications and information solutions aids more than 200 customers in the public safety agencies like the police, fire, railway, highway, MRT, airport, seaport, energy and natural resources. Among the adopters, some groups rely on MotorolaÕs products and systems, including SCADA RTU system and radio products.

Helping its customers to be their best in the moments that matter, Motorola Solutions also offers its highly diversified customer base with a portfolio beyond public safety solutions: from mobile computing technology, advanced data capture, WLAN solutions to advanced support and services where we design solutions tailored for industries such as manufacturing, retail, hospitality, healthcare, transportation and logistics.
WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT
Work Environment
Working with us means you'll focus on interesting projects, work in an international environment and a great culture. The company offers an attractive compensation and competitive benefits. Our employees are recognized for innovation and are given formal or informal awards for their results and performance. At Motorola Solutions we offer our employees' professional development opportunities.

Bring your perspective to Motorola Solutions and see what, and whom, you might influence. Give yourself the opportunity to see how far you can go. When you work with us, you're creating the mission-critical solutions necessary to keep the government and public safety sectors, and businesses running smoothly. Through your innovations, you'll keep themÑand the people they supportÑstrong, connected and efficient.

You'll take on much more than a job at Motorola Solutions, because the work we do is literally life-changing for people and businesses around the world. It's a focus that relies on your passion, potential and abilities. You'll get recognized for your talents and be supported with the education, resources and visibility you're looking for.

Rewards Philosophy
Motorola Solutions employees have the opportunity to contribute their ideas in a diverse and inclusive environment. As supporters and advocates for an engaged, inclusive workforce our rewards philosophy helps employees contribute to their full potential. Motorola Solutions employees are recognized for innovation and are given formal or informal awards for their exquisite results and performance. At Motorola Solutions we take care of our employees' comprehensive development and work-life balance. We also offer additional educational courses and provide training opportunities.
Selection Process
We treat each candidate individually and make sure they feel comfortable within the whole recruitment process. The selection process consists of a few stages. First we would usually invite you to the phone interview. Then we will ask you to come for the face to face interview with our specialists and managers, in order to verify your professional knowledge and interpersonal competencies.
Careers Areas
Engineering
Sales

Location/Address:

8F No.9 Songgao Rd. Xinyi District, Taipei, Taiwan




 



























































Privacy
Terms of Use
Site map
Video Library
Feedback


USA & Canada

















 




  






















  




Products - Radios, Accessories, Networks, & Apps - Motorola Solutions
















skip to content

















mobile toggle





























Motorola Products
















Making the move from analog to digital
Texas Bigfoot Communications chooses a bright future with MOTOTRBO Capacity Max.
View Case Study











Get an Si500
 Body-Worn Camera For Free
Get a free Si500 police body camera with every subscription to CommandCentral Vault Digital Evidence Management System.
LEARN MORE











Connect instantly, affordably.
See how WAVE OnCloud PTT service instantly connects your employees via mobile phones, computers and radios to get more done, faster. 


Watch and Learn











Find the perfect one for everyone
Whether it's a rugged, voice-only radio or a productivity powerhouse, there's a MOTOTRBO solution that's perfect for you.
Build Your Solution






Prev


0


1


2


3


Next









Our wide-ranging product portfolio has the tools you need to get the job done in any business.



Browse below to find individual products, entire networks and systems or the right accessory or service to complete your experience.






















How to Buy

 
 

    
		How to Buy
 

 




Call 1.888.325.9336






Chat Live with a Representative



Contact Us Online


Find a Partner







Get Support




Share & Connect



Share this on






Facebook






Twitter






Google+






LinkedIn






Email





Connect with us on





Facebook






Twitter






LinkedIn






YouTube






Communities















Browse By






Devices




Police Cameras
Consumer Two-way Radios
LTE Devices
Pagers
Two-way Radios








Systems and Networks




Analog Business Radio Systems
Dispatch
LTE Broadband Systems
MOTOTRBO Systems
Project 25 (P25) Systems








Software and Applications




App Download Center
Intelligent Middleware
Smart Public Safety Solutions
Two-way Radio Applications
Voice Applications





 





Accessories




Police Camera Accessories
Consumer Two-way Radios Accessories
Two-way Radio Accessories








Product Lines & Technologies




APX™ Series P25 Two-way Radios
ASTRO® 25 Network
IMPRES™ Smart Energy and Audio Solutions
Industrial Internet of Things
MOTOTRBO™
Public Safety LTE
Talkabout™
WAVE™ Work Group Communications











 




Experience Motorola Solutions






Featured Items


















Smarter. Safer. Better Together. 

Do what you never thought possible when you harness data with Mobile Intelligence. See it in action.

















Get a Free Si500 Body-Worn Camera 

Get an Si500 police body camera for free with every subscription to CommandCentral Vault Digital Evidence Management System.



















Act Now and Save Up to $1200 on Next Generation MOTOTRBO 
    

With the advanced features of MOTOTRBO two-way radios, crystal-clear audio and intelligent data applications, your teams will work more safely and efficiently. Redeem your savings.





 




















Now There's Another Option to Reach 9-1-1

Text-to-9-1-1 offers a potentially lifesaving choice for situations when calling 9-1-1 is not an option.


















Connect instantly, affordably.

See how WAVE OnCloud PTT service instantly connects your employees via mobile phones, computers and radios to get more done, faster. 

















Sign Up Today: Smart Public Safety Solutions Webinar Series
    

Join industry experts in our monthly webinar series.





 




















Find the Perfect One for Everyone

Whether it's a rugged, voice-only radio or a productivity powerhouse, there's a MOTOTRBO solution that's perfect for you.

















LEX L10 Mission Critical Handheld

Purpose-built mission critical LTE handheld with the Public Safety Experience (PSX) that responders need to work faster, safer and smarter.

















VML750 LTE Vehicle Modem

Extend Public Safety LTE connectivity into your vehicle fleet and take advantage of broadband data on the go.





 







Perspectives














Improving System Performance With Big Data Analytics

Jun 26, 2017 | 
								0 comments








Rushil Ramachandran
                                    







What Does A Browser Have In Common With NG9-1-1?

Jun 01, 2017 | 
								0 comments








Craig Dollar
                                    







Neglected Security Patches Making You WannaCry? Next Time Don't Wait

May 16, 2017 | 
								0 comments








Kelly Miller
                                    










 

























































Privacy
Terms of Use
Site map
Video Library
Feedback


USA & Canada

















 




 






Investor Relations - Motorola Solutions USA









































skip to content








mobile toggle

















Investor Relations



 NYSE: MSI 
$91.84
 +0.45 (+0.49%)
Minimum 20 minute delay.















Q2 2017 MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL

                August 3, 2017 - 4:00 PM CT


                        WEBCAST 










MSI Presentation at Bernstein Annual Strategic Decisions Conference
May 31, 2017 - 8:00 AM ET (7:00 AM CT)


                        Webcast

                        Transcript









MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS AND FIRSTNET

                Motorola Solutions is pleased to be a key player in the team selected by FirstNet to build the U.S. nationwide public safety broadband network.



                        Learn More 









MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS HIRES FIRST HEAD OF SOFTWARE

                New Software enterprise will accelerate innovation for public safety and commercial customers



                        Learn More 
 

Prev


0
1
2
3


Next

 



Loading News...
                        





More news






Investor Relations



Company Profile


Corporate Governance


Earnings & SEC Filings

Financial Snapshot
Events & Presentations

Stock Information


Investor Resources



Company Overview
Corporate Responsibility
Newsroom
Careers




















Q2 2017 MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL

                August 3, 2017 - 4:00 PM CT


                        WEBCAST 










MSI Presentation at Bernstein Annual Strategic Decisions Conference
May 31, 2017 - 8:00 AM ET (7:00 AM CT)


                        Webcast

                        Transcript









MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS AND FIRSTNET

                Motorola Solutions is pleased to be a key player in the team selected by FirstNet to build the U.S. nationwide public safety broadband network.



                        Learn More 









MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS HIRES FIRST HEAD OF SOFTWARE

                New Software enterprise will accelerate innovation for public safety and commercial customers



                        Learn More 
 

Prev


0
1
2
3


Next











Market Summary








NYSE: MSI



Price
$ 91.84


Change

$ 0.45 0.49%
                         





Volume
686,810


Market Cap ($M)
15,013.08



                        As of  July 26, 2017 Close
Minimum 20 minute delay.

















Events & Presentations





Earnings & SEC Filings







Company Profile





Corporate Governance







 











Contacts





Chris Kutsor
    Vice President
    +1 847-576-4995


Tim Yocum
    Director
    +1 847-576-6899

Doreen Dionne
    Administrative Assistant
    +1 847-538-0679
      



investors@motorolasolutions.com      
        +1 847-538-7367





Stock Ownership
            Direct Stock Purchase Plan administered by Wells Fargo

            +1-800-704-4098 (Toll-free)
            +1-651-450-4064 (Int'l)
   

Plan & Enrollment Information
Access Your Existing Account
Investor Resources
















 

































 


 


Contacts





Chris Kutsor
    Vice President
    +1 847-576-4995


Tim Yocum
    Director
    +1 847-576-6899

Doreen Dionne
    Administrative Assistant
    +1 847-538-0679
      



investors@motorolasolutions.com      
        +1 847-538-7367





Stock Ownership
            Direct Stock Purchase Plan administered by Wells Fargo

            +1-800-704-4098 (Toll-free)
            +1-651-450-4064 (Int'l)
   

Plan & Enrollment Information
Access Your Existing Account
Investor Resources



















Privacy
Terms of Use
Site map
Video Library
Feedback
USA & Canada












 

































 





















  


Motorola Solutions Zentraleuropa - Motorola Solutions Zentraleuropa
















skip to content

















mobile toggle
































HEUTE SCHON BEREIT FÜR DIE ZUKUNFT
Mit DIMETRA X Core, unserem neuen, voll skalierbaren TETRA-System, sind Sie bereits heute für die Zukunft gerüstet.
ERFAHREN SIE MEHR













HOHE VERFÜGBARKEIT. SCHNELLE EINSATZ-
BEREITSCHAFT.
Stellen Sie sicher, dass Ihre
Einsatzkräfte jederzeit erreichbar sind.
DER NEUE ADVISOR™ TPG2200 TETRA-PAGER













MOTOTRBO DER NÄCHSTEN GENERATION
Mehr Sicherheit, mehr Effizienz, mehr Produktivität


Erfahren Sie mehr













GERÜSTET FÜR HEUTE.
BEREIT FÜR MORGEN.
Das MTP6650 TETRA-Handsprechfunkgerät zeichnet sich durch seine erhöhte Reichweite, Bluetooth® 4.0-Technologie und Wi-Fi-Kompatibilität aus.
SEHEN SIE SICH DAS VIDEO AN









0


1


2


3










 
        Neuigkeiten werden geladen... 
      





Weitere Neuigkeiten

















LEX L10 

Das LEX L10-LTE-Endgerät für den sicherheitskritischen Einsatz

















ZUVERLÄSSIG. BELASTBAR. SICHER.

Zuverlässige Kommunikationslösugen für erhöhte Sicherheit und Leistung bei geringeren Kosten.

















ERHÖHTE PRODUKTIVITÄT.

Podcast: Wie smarte Technologien den Fertigungsprozess grundlegend verändern.





 








 














Datenschutz
Nutzungsbedingungen
Feedback


Zentraleuropa Deutsch


















 




  






















  




Motorola Business Solutions - Motorola Solutions
















skip to content


















mobile toggle





























Solutions
















See what's new 
and what's next 
in public safety
Get expert insights, reports and perspectives from fellow agencies.
Check out Smart Public Safety Beat











Connected Teams. Protected Borders. 
See how one integrated platform can streamline multiple border security missions, including search and rescue, illegal crossings, ports of entry, and high-profile events.
Learn More











How can workers connect without boundaries and with added intelligence?
Unified Communications insights featuring Gartner research
Read the brief











Find the perfect one for everyone
Whether it's a rugged, voice-only radio or a productivity powerhouse, there's a MOTOTRBO solution that's perfect for you.
Build Your Solution






Prev


0


1


2


3


Next









Motorola Solutions offers  thorough, customized, end-to-end solutions to make your job easier before and after the sale.



Browse our solutions by your industry, your network type or your specific need to meet the unique demands of your business.        












How to Buy

 
 

    
		How to Buy
 

 




Call 1.888.325.9336






Chat Live with a Representative



Contact Us Online


Find a Partner







Get Support




Share & Connect



Share this on






Facebook






Twitter






Google+






LinkedIn






Email





Connect with us on





Facebook






Twitter






LinkedIn






YouTube






Communities















Browse By






Featured




Digital Evidence Management Solution
Meet the Experts in Public Safety
Mobile Intelligence
Radio Rental
Smart Public Safety Beat
Smart Public Safety Solutions
Team Communications










Industry Solutions




Education
Fire and Emergency Medical Services
Healthcare
Hospitality
Law Enforcement
Manufacturing
Mining
National Government Security
Oil and Gas
Retail
Transportation and Logistics
Utilities










Government Grants




Education
Fire and Emergency Medical Services
Law Enforcement
Port Security
Transportation





 




Experience Motorola Solutions






Perspectives














Improving System Performance With Big Data Analytics

Jun 26, 2017 | 
								0 comments








Rushil Ramachandran
                                    







What Does A Browser Have In Common With NG9-1-1?

Jun 01, 2017 | 
								0 comments








Craig Dollar
                                    







Neglected Security Patches Making You WannaCry? Next Time Don't Wait

May 16, 2017 | 
								0 comments








Kelly Miller
                                    










 





Featured Items
















Smarter, Safer. Better Together. 

Do what you never thought possible when you harness data with Mobile Intelligence. See it in action.



















Get A Free Si500 Body-Worn Camera 

Get an Si500 police body camera for free with every subscription to CommandCentral Vault Digital Evidence Management System.

















Find the Perfect One for Everyone

Whether it's a rugged, voice-only radio or a productivity powerhouse, there's a MOTOTRBO solution that's perfect for you.





 





















Connect Instantly, Affordably

See how WAVE OnCloud PTT service instantly connects your employees via mobile phones, computers and radios to get more done, faster. 

















Discover the True Potential of Next Generation 9-1-1

See how the first and only browser-based dispatch technology is transforming the market.

















Sign Up Today: Smart Public Safety Solutions Webinar Series
    

Learn from industry experts in this webinar series.





 




















Meet the Experts

Your Trusted Advisors in Public Safety.

















Now There's Another Option to Reach 9-1-1

Text-to-9-1-1 offers a potentially lifesaving choice for situations when calling 9-1-1 is not an option.











 



















































Privacy
Terms of Use
Site map
Video Library
Feedback


USA & Canada

















 




 
Motorola Solutions, Inc. Product Manager Schaumburg, IL Jobs | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Motorola Solutions, Inc. Product Manager Jobs in Schaumburg, ILKeywordLocation JobsJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchAll Jobs (30)Create Job AlertMotorola Solutions, Inc. Product Manager Jobs in Schaumburg, ILFilters JobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthSearch RadiusExact Location5 Miles10 Miles15 Miles25 Miles50 Miles100 Miles CompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upIndustryAll IndustriesTelecommunicationsComputer Software & Hardware Salary $38,000Salary$38k$154k Include jobs with no salary data MoreCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry LevelCityAll CitiesSchaumburgElginLombardCompanyAll CompaniesMotorola Solutions, Inc.Connect Tech Inc.Scientel Wireless, LLCFiltersCancelApply FiltersFiltersClearFiltersJobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthSearch RadiusExact Location5 Miles10 Miles15 Miles25 Miles50 Miles100 MilesJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry Level $38,000Salary$38k$154k Include jobs with no salary dataCompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upIndustryAll IndustriesTelecommunicationsComputer Software & HardwareCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesCityAll CitiesSchaumburgElginLombardCompanyAll CompaniesMotorola Solutions, Inc.Connect Tech Inc.Scientel Wireless, LLC 3.0Scrum Master Secure Products Group - 3613BR Tech-Connect – Schaumburg, ILEASY APPLY Est. Salary $91k-$118kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Scrum Master Secure Products Group - 3613BR at Connect Tech in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $103k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $91k - $118k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 6 days ago 6d components / products / solutions, tools, and tests for for the Assurance and Protection Value Stream organization within Motorola Solutions… MotorolaSolutions Overview On any given day, every moment matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, Motorola Solutions…  3.4Product Manager - Broadband Solutions Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $68k-$100kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager - Broadband Solutions at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $84k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $68k - $100k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… align Motorola’s evolving role in the market through evaluation, product development, and management of the broadband product and…  3.4Metrics / Reports / Data Analyst – TMO Team Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $61k-$80kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Metrics / Reports / Data Analyst – TMO Team at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $70k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $61k - $80k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… environments and cultures Basic understanding of Motorola technology and solutions Self-motivated, resourceful and able to multitask…  3.1Pre-Sales Engineer Scientel Solutions – Lombard, IL Est. Salary $77k-$129kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Pre-Sales Engineer at Scientel Solutions in Lombard, ILThe median pay of $103k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $77k - $129k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 27 days ago 27d certifications in one or more of the following is desired: Motorola, Nokia, Cambium, Extreme( Zebra), Cisco, Brocade(Ruckus),… achieving sales. Develop productsolutions to various customers based on company product portfolios and customers business…  3.0Systems and Infrastructure Test Team Leader - 2426BR Tech-Connect – Schaumburg, ILEASY APPLY Est. Salary $54k-$82kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Systems and Infrastructure Test Team Leader - 2426BR at Connect Tech in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $68k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $54k - $82k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 12 days ago 12dMotorolaSolutions Overview On any given day, every moment matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, Motorola Solutions… and devices. MotorolaSolutions, Inc is reinventing itself to provide smart work group communication solutions by investing in…  3.4Managed Services Product Manager Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $70k-$101kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Managed Services Product Manager at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $85k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $70k - $101k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 9 days ago 9d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… key work partners to deliver winning service products and solutions. The OM must be a self-starter, demonstrate the ability to influence…  3.4Embedded Software Technical Lead - Custom Products Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL 6 days ago 6d center within MotorolaSolutions. We create proof-of-concept and lower-volume specialty communications products for government… matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people…  3.4Project Manager Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $73k-$102kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Project Manager at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $87k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $73k - $102k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 6 days ago 6d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… Description The Managed & Support Services Business Operations Team manages numerous operational aspects of the Managed & Support Services…  3.0Systems Infrastructure & Test Engineer Entry Level - 1970BR Tech-Connect – Schaumburg, ILEASY APPLY Est. Salary $46k-$53kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Systems Infrastructure & Test Engineer Entry Level - 1970BR at Connect Tech in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $49k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $46k - $53k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 12 days ago 12d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions' innovations, products, and services play essential roles in people's… and devices. MotorolaSolutions, Inc is reinventing itself to provide smart work group communication solutions by investing in…  3.4Regional Offer Manager Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL 6 days ago 6d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… services opportunities across all MotorolaSolutions technologies. The team is driven to create outcome based services for our customers…  3.4Sr. Manufacturing Manager Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $111k-$166kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Sr. Manufacturing Manager at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $139k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $111k - $166k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 8 days ago 8d center within MotorolaSolutions. We create prooof-of-concept and low-volume specialty communications products for government… matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people…  3.0Systems Infrastructure & Test Engineer Entry Level - 1969BR Tech-Connect – Schaumburg, ILEASY APPLY Est. Salary $46k-$53kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Systems Infrastructure & Test Engineer Entry Level - 1969BR at Connect Tech in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $49k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $46k - $53k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 12 days ago 12d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions' innovations, products, and services play essential roles in people's… and devices. MotorolaSolutions, Inc is reinventing itself to provide smart work group communication solutions by investing in…  3.4Business Analyst - Manufacturing Process and Oracle ERP System Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $57k-$85kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Business Analyst - Manufacturing Process and Oracle ERP System at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $70k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $57k - $85k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 5 days ago 5d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… processes. Provide leadership on product item data and product structure to enable products that fit the business process in the…  3.4Solution Design & Architecture Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $62k-$89kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Solution Design & Architecture at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $75k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $62k - $89k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… act as the Solution Architecture and Design Lead for MotorolaSolutions, Service Design and Operations. Responsibilities for the…  3.0Operation Manager - Mobile Radio National Hosted Service - 2758BR Tech-Connect – Schaumburg, ILEASY APPLY Est. Salary $39k-$64kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Operation Manager - Mobile Radio National Hosted Service - 2758BR at Connect Tech in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $51k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $39k - $64k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 20 days ago 20dMotorolaSolutions Overview On any given day, every moment matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, Motorola Solutions… and devices. MotorolaSolutions, Inc is reinventing itself to provide smart work group communication solutions by investing in…  3.4Systems Engineer Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $68k-$102kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Systems Engineer at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $80k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $68k - $102k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW with Customer Representatives, Project Managers, Engineering Managers, and Motorolaproduct groups to effectively complete design… matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people…  3.0Systems Architect - 1612BR Tech-Connect – Schaumburg, ILEASY APPLY Est. Salary $74k-$113kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Systems Architect - 1612BR at Connect Tech in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $91k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $74k - $113k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 14 days ago 14d to define and architect solutions to enhance the security of MotorolaSolutionsproducts and solutions. Working with Development… Description : The Security Solutions team oversees the Cyber Security Program for all MotorolaSolutionsproducts. The ultimate goal of…  3.4Systems Infrastructure and Test Engineer Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $70k-$88kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Systems Infrastructure and Test Engineer at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $79k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $70k - $88k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 6 days ago 6d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… Systems Infrastructure and Test Engineering Group within MotorolaSolutions Inc. is responsible for delivering integrated and tested…  3.4Project Specialist Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $41k-$62kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Project Specialist at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $51k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $41k - $62k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 14 days ago 14d center within MotorolaSolutions. We specialize in proof-of-concept and low-volume advanced communications products for government… matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people…  3.4Software Engineer Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $72k-$109kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Software Engineer at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $88k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $72k - $109k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 7 days ago 7d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… Department Description MotorolaSolutions, Inc is reinventing itself to provide smart work group communication solutions for commercial…  3.4Offer Manager for Infrastructure as a Service Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $95k-$151kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Offer Manager for Infrastructure as a Service at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $120k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $95k - $151k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 27 days ago 27d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… not limited to): ProductManager, Offer Manager, XAAS, Technology as a service, LMR (Land Mobile Radio) Solutions. Knowledge of…  3.4Cybersecurity Specialist - Information Protection Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL 14 days ago 14d Department Description The Products & Services Organization within MotorolaSolutions is responsible for development of… Increase awareness of the GRC role across all of MotorolaSolutionsProducts & Services Job ID 2864BR Country United…  3.4Senior System Test Engineer Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $69k-$86kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior System Test Engineer at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $77k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $69k - $86k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 26 days ago 26d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… The Systems and Infrastructure Test Group within MotorolaSolutions is responsible for delivering integrated and tested systems…  3.4LTE / IP Network System Test Engineer Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $71k-$89kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor LTE / IP Network System Test Engineer at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $79k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $71k - $89k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 16 days ago 16d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… The Systems and Infrastructure Test Group within MotorolaSolutions is responsible for delivering integrated and tested systems…  3.4Regional Sr. Logistics Manager Motorola Solutions – Elgin, IL Est. Salary $91k-$155kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Regional Sr. Logistics Manager at Motorola Solutions in Elgin, ILThe median pay of $118k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $91k - $155k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 9 days ago 9d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… annual cost budgets and quarterly forecasts, logistics solutions that support quarterly revenue goals, battery dangerous goods regulations…  3.4Value Stream / Operations Manager Motorola Solutions – Elgin, IL Est. Salary $58k-$105kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Value Stream / Operations Manager at Motorola Solutions in Elgin, ILThe median pay of $80k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $58k - $105k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 9 days ago 9d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… environment manufacturing world-class communications equipment and solutions for public safety customers around the world. Travel…  3.4Production Group Team Lead 2nd Shift Motorola Solutions – Elgin, IL Est. Salary $97k-$139kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Production Group Team Lead 2nd Shift at Motorola Solutions in Elgin, ILThe median pay of $116k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $97k - $139k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 5 days ago 5d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… environment manufacturing world-class communications equipment and solutions for public safety customers around the world. Travel…  3.4Upgrade Operations Technical Project Manager Motorola Solutions – Elgin, IL Est. Salary $77k-$112kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Upgrade Operations Technical Project Manager at Motorola Solutions in Elgin, ILThe median pay of $94k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $77k - $112k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 9 days ago 9d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… experience. (BSEE, BSCS, BSCE preferred) Strong knowledge of MotorolaSolutions Astro 25 Public Safety systems Experience may include…  3.4CCSi Business Manager Motorola Solutions – Elgin, IL Est. Salary $69k-$119kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor CCSi Business Manager at Motorola Solutions in Elgin, ILThe median pay of $91k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $69k - $119k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 16 days ago 16d speaking, and interpersonal skills. An understanding of MotorolaSolutionsproduct offerings from a system and service level. Proficient… matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people…  3.4CCSi Engineering Manager Motorola Solutions – Elgin, IL Est. Salary $108k-$144kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor CCSi Engineering Manager at Motorola Solutions in Elgin, ILThe median pay of $125k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $108k - $144k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 16 days ago 16d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… and OVF high level working and design knowledge. Astro 25 Motorola Communication systems experience is helpful Relocation Provided… Product Manager in Schaumburg, IL JobsJob TitleEmployerLocationSalaryScrum Master Secure Products Group - 3613BRTech-ConnectSchaumburg, IL $91k-$118kProduct Manager - Broadband SolutionsMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $68k-$100kMetrics / Reports / Data Analyst – TMO TeamMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $61k-$80kPre-Sales EngineerScientel SolutionsLombard, IL $77k-$129kSystems and Infrastructure Test Team Leader - 2426BRTech-ConnectSchaumburg, IL $54k-$82kManaged Services Product ManagerMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $70k-$101kEmbedded Software Technical Lead - Custom ProductsMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $69k-$94kProject ManagerMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $73k-$102kSystems Infrastructure & Test Engineer Entry Level - 1970BRTech-ConnectSchaumburg, IL $46k-$53kRegional Offer ManagerMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $87k-$135kSr. Manufacturing ManagerMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $111k-$166kSystems Infrastructure & Test Engineer Entry Level - 1969BRTech-ConnectSchaumburg, IL $46k-$53kBusiness Analyst - Manufacturing Process and Oracle ERP SystemMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $57k-$85kSolution Design & ArchitectureMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $62k-$89kOperation Manager - Mobile Radio National Hosted Service - 2758BRTech-ConnectSchaumburg, IL $39k-$64kSystems EngineerMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $68k-$102kSystems Architect - 1612BRTech-ConnectSchaumburg, IL $74k-$113kSystems Infrastructure and Test EngineerMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $70k-$88kProject SpecialistMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $41k-$62kSoftware EngineerMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $72k-$109kOffer Manager for Infrastructure as a ServiceMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $95k-$151kCybersecurity Specialist - Information ProtectionMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $64k-$94kSenior System Test EngineerMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $69k-$86kLTE / IP Network System Test EngineerMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $71k-$89kRegional Sr. Logistics ManagerMotorola SolutionsElgin, IL $91k-$155kValue Stream / Operations ManagerMotorola SolutionsElgin, IL $58k-$105kProduction Group Team Lead 2nd ShiftMotorola SolutionsElgin, IL $97k-$139kUpgrade Operations Technical Project ManagerMotorola SolutionsElgin, IL $77k-$112kCCSi Business ManagerMotorola SolutionsElgin, IL $69k-$119kCCSi Engineering ManagerMotorola SolutionsElgin, IL $108k-$144k Page 1 of 1Email AddressCreate AlertPlease check your email to activate the job alert.Goto EmailPeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Cities for Product Manager:&nbsp Schaumburg, Elgin, Lombard Related Companies:&nbsp Connect Tech, Motorola Solutions, Scientel SolutionsPeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Cities for Product Manager:&nbsp Schaumburg, Elgin, Lombard Related Companies:&nbsp Connect Tech, Motorola Solutions, Scientel Solutions Jobsnum of numClose (Esc) Email me jobs for:Your Job Alert was created!Taking you to the job you clicked earlier...Enter companyEnter job titleeditEnter locationEnter your email addressCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailCloseCreate a Job AlertStay on top of newest jobs for this search by email. Cancel anytime.Create AlertCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailYour job alert has been created.Create more job alerts for related jobs with one click:CloseGlassdoor Estimated Salary What is this? This is Glassdoor's estimate of the base salary range for this job. It is not necessarily endorsed by the employer and actual compensation may vary based on your experience. How is it calculated? To compute these estimates, we look at job-specific and company-specific attributes from the millions of salaries contributed by the Glassdoor community. There is ongoing community feedback which further refines our calculations. How is this helpful? You, as a job seeker, know what salary range you can expect to get for this job. And you can filter jobs by your desired salary too!
Product Manager Jobs | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Product Manager JobsKeywordLocation JobsJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchAll Jobs (148,071)Create Job AlertProduct Manager JobsFilters JobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry Level CompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesFiltersCancelApply FiltersFiltersClearFiltersJobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry LevelCompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employees 4.6Product Manager Facebook – Menlo Park, CA Est. Salary $128k-$182kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Facebook in Menlo Park, CAThe median pay of $154k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $128k - $182k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 14 days ago 14d getting started.Facebook ProductManagers work with teams of engineers and designers to build products. We are looking for extremely… extremely entrepreneurial ProductManagers to help innovate and execute product initiatives across the company. This position is…  4.7Product Manager ThriveHive – Boston, MA Est. Salary $79k-$143kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at ThriveHive in Boston, MAThe median pay of $109k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $79k - $143k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW looking for: We are searching for an experienced ProductManager to join our Product Management team and help us continue to build… Canada. As a ProductManager at ThriveHive, you will be responsible for driving success across a set of products within our SaaS…  2.7Product Manager SOTI – United States Est. Salary $68k-$98kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at SOTI in United StatesThe median pay of $82k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $68k - $98k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW SOTI is committed to providing its employees with endless possibilities; learning new things, working with the latest…  2.7Product Manager CSC – Overland Park, KS Est. Salary $88k-$126kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at CSC in Overland Park, KSThe median pay of $106k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $88k - $126k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 6 days ago 6d maintain competitiveness in the industry. Identifies additional product/services opportunities in client organization and follows up… employees to enhance their performance, development, and work product. Addresses performance issues and makes recommendations for…  5.0Product Manager NoRedInk Corp. – San Francisco, CA Est. Salary $62k-$97kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at NoRedInk in San Francisco, CAThe median pay of $78k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $62k - $97k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 7 days ago 7d experienced ProductManager to lead the conceptualization, design, development, and release of our new features and products. In this… Responsibilities As a productmanager, you will... Build detailed specifications of new products and features, and break…  3.4Product Manager SMG – Kansas City, MO Est. Salary $81k-$115kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Service Management Group in Kansas City, MOThe median pay of $98k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $81k - $115k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW successful ProductManager. Work directly with clients and internal teams to define to define client need, product functions… engineering teams. Manage external vendors who provide products or services which may be integrated with our own product offerings.… Product Manager Travelbank – San Francisco, CAEASY APPLY Est. Salary $94k-$167kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at TravelBank in San Francisco, CAThe median pay of $128k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $94k - $167k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 8 days ago 8d experience as a ProductManager demonstrating the ability to empathize with users and deliver amazing products. • Experience working… expense system that everyone loves, is looking for a talented ProductManager. We're disrupting the travel & expense software industry…  4.6Product Manager Conductor – New York, NY Est. Salary $54k-$88kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Conductor in New York, NYThe median pay of $70k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $54k - $88k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 8 days ago 8d As a ProductManager, you will join a growing team at the heart of product development, where you will design and collaborate… Responsibilities: Manage the iterative lifecycle of the product from market requirements to product release and adoption including…  4.5Product Manager Instructure – Salt Lake City, UT Est. Salary $77k-$110kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Instructure in Salt Lake City, UTThe median pay of $93k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $77k - $110k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 15 days ago 15d world. We are looking for a rockstar software ProductManager to join our Canvas Product Management team. In this position, you’ll… Collaborate with other product teams to provide consistent user experiences across all our educational products Collaborate with marketing…  3.0Product Manager Blue Microphones – Westlake Village, Los Angeles, CAEASY APPLY Est. Salary $57k-$83kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Blue Microphones in Westlake Village, Los Angeles, CAThe median pay of $70k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $57k - $83k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 24 days ago 24d new products – all the way from the high-level user experience down to the smallest details Lead and manage the product business… Blue Microphones is looking for a talented ProductManager for a direct hire full-time position. Recipient of the “Inc. 5000 Fastest-Growing…  3.5Product Manager NewsCred – New York, NY Est. Salary $79k-$117kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at NewsCred in New York, NYThe median pay of $96k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $79k - $117k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 5 days ago 5d ARE You are an experienced ProductManager with a passion for building innovative products. You have significant experience… QUALIFICATIONS At least 4-6 years as a productmanager in SaaS with measurable successes. Strong understanding of user experience design…  3.6Sales Product Manager WABCO – North Leeds, WI Est. Salary $64k-$89kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Sales Product Manager at WABCO in North Leeds, WIThe median pay of $76k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $64k - $89k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW The Sales ProductManager is the product owner and the specialist on a given portfolio for the product and its global markets… markets. The Sales ProductManager will be involved in: Developing strategies once they understand the geographical market…  4.2Product Manager 1-800 CONTACTS – Draper, UT Est. Salary $58k-$85kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at 1-800 CONTACTS in Draper, UTThe median pay of $71k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $58k - $85k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 9 days ago 9d Why you want this job We are seeking a ProductManager to help deliver world-class customer experiences through our digital… through personas, scenarios, and uses cases in product discovery. Partner in product discovery to derive requirements for approved…  3.5Product Manager Marchex – Seattle, WA Est. Salary $69k-$96kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Marchex in Seattle, WAThe median pay of $82k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $69k - $96k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 11 days ago 11d driving product growth strategy for Marchex analytics product line? Marchex is looking for an exceptional ProductManager to drive… ProductManager Job Overview Do you like to pave new ground and take on business and product challenges where there is no pre-existing…  3.9Product Manager RLI Corp – Peoria, IL Est. Salary $75k-$110kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at RLI in Peoria, ILThe median pay of $92k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $75k - $110k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 5 days ago 5d System Development and Testing, Reinsurance Procurement and New Product Offerings. Responsibilities also include auditing the field… management; Assist in the development and implementation of new product offerings, new forms or new programs; Assist the field in…  4.1Product Manager Glassdoor – Mill Valley, CA Est. Salary $117k-$162kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Glassdoor in Mill Valley, CAThe median pay of $138k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $117k - $162k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 9 days ago 9d looking for a ProductManager to join our B2B products team. You will have the opportunity to work on our flagship product for employers… every productmanager muscle you have and work with a world-class engineering team. Responsibilities Own the product roadmap…  4.2Product Manager Nexon M – Emeryville, CA Est. Salary $85k-$121kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Nexon M in Emeryville, CAThe median pay of $101k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $85k - $121k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 21 days ago 21d successful in meeting their target KPIs. ProductManagers will manage the entire life cycle of products and are expected to contribute to… mobile games published by Nexon M. ProductManagers own the success or failure of products in their entirety. They are responsible…  5.0Product Manager Ellevest – New York, NY Est. Salary $82k-$149kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Ellevest in New York, NYThe median pay of $113k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $82k - $149k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW About This Position The ProductManager will play a key role in creating new opportunities that will drive client growth. Candidates… position reports to the Chief Product Officer. Responsibilities: Drive the entire product lifecycle from conception, to…  2.8Growth Product Manager Munchery – San Francisco, CA Est. Salary $57k-$89kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Growth Product Manager at Munchery in San Francisco, CAThe median pay of $71k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $57k - $89k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW possible. About Team Munchery is looking for a Growth ProductManager to join our team. The right candidate will be passionate… Minimum of 5 years of experience in product management or product marketing on a consumer product Deep understanding of ecommerce…  4.1Product Manager Turnitin – Oakland, CA 7 days ago 7d experienced ProductManager to join our Product Management team at our Oakland, CA headquarters. As a Turnitin ProductManager, you will… improve our existing products and create new features with the help of our developers. Successful ProductManagers at Turnitin are…  3.6Product Marketing Manager Ginger.io – San Francisco, CA Est. Salary $64k-$101kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Marketing Manager at Ginger.io in San Francisco, CAThe median pay of $82k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $64k - $101k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW About the role The Product Marketing Manager is responsible for consumer and employer product marketing for Ginger.io. As… of the marketing team, the Product Marketing Manager works closely with our user acquisition, product, design and employer sales… Product Manager Shockwave Medical – Fremont, CAEASY APPLY Est. Salary $75k-$110kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Shockwave Medical in Fremont, CAThe median pay of $91k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $75k - $110k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 27 days ago 27d We are looking for a rockstar productmanager to lead the global launch of our flagship product and introduce Shockwave’s disruptive… cardiovascular applications. As a productmanager, you will drive the go-to-market strategy for new products in peripheral and coronary…  3.8Product Manager Sparta Systems – Hamilton, NJ Est. Salary $110k-$153kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Sparta Systems in Hamilton, NJThe median pay of $131k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $110k - $153k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 27 days ago 27d ‘owner’ of a product, service, or major program from the Sparta suite of products and services Define the product vision, definition… part of the Product Management team, you will actively participate in the collaborative effort of developing product strategy, competitive…  4.0Product Manager Radio Systems Corporation – United States Est. Salary $57k-$81kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Radio Systems Corporation in United StatesThe median pay of $69k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $57k - $81k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 8 days ago 8d sales teams and Category Managers Aid in communication as needed cross-departmentally to ensure product lines are reaching goals… of product– did it meet the goals set at the start? Management of product line Depth of knowledge about product line…  3.7Product Manager National Student Clearinghouse – Herndon, VA Est. Salary $83k-$130kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at National Student Clearinghouse in Herndon, VAThe median pay of $105k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $83k - $130k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 14 days ago 14d The ProductManager is responsible for supporting the vision, leadership and product market strategies of the Product Management… Number 17-0032 Post Date 5/23/2017 Title ProductManager Department Product Management Job Category Full Time Employee…  3.0Product Manager Helix Education – Englewood, CO Est. Salary $51k-$84kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Helix Education in Englewood, COThe median pay of $68k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $51k - $84k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 17 days ago 17d OVERVIEW: The ProductManager is responsible for full life cycle ownership over his/her respective product. This includes… Posted On07/06/2017 ProductManager CO - Denver, Englewood, CO, US Salary Range : Worker…  3.9Product Manager Digital Air Strike – Scottsdale, AZ Est. Salary $53k-$77kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Digital Air Strike in Scottsdale, AZThe median pay of $66k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $53k - $77k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 14 days ago 14d Digital Air Strike seeks a ProductManager to support the Product Development process. Utilizing agile software development methodologies… responsibilities Manage the overall success of the DAS platform and associated tools including product strategy, roadmap, design…  3.5Product Manager Gtreasury – Lake Zurich, IL Est. Salary $61k-$90kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Gtreasury in Lake Zurich, ILThe median pay of $75k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $61k - $90k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 22 days ago 22dProductManager The ProductManager, will guide a team that is charged with a product line contribution as a business unit.… profitability of existing products to developing new products for the company. This role will build products from existing ideas, and…  4.2Product Manager Beachfront Media – Ormond Beach, FL Est. Salary $56k-$95kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Beachfront Media in Ormond Beach, FLThe median pay of $76k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $56k - $95k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 24 days ago 24d advertising needs. As a Beachfront ProductManager, you will help shape the vision of all company products and help our customers deliver… quality product experiences that simplify video publishing and monetization Minimum Qualifications 3 years product management…  3.1Sr Product Manager Avalara – Durham, NC Est. Salary $83k-$113kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Sr Product Manager at Avalara in Durham, NCThe median pay of $98k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $83k - $113k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 6 days ago 6d We want to talk to you. Avalara’s Product Management team is looking for a superb product leader with a strong background in… own a family of products for managing compliance data. You will be responsible for solidifying Avalara’s product vision and building…  4.1Product Manager RAB Lighting – Northvale, NJ Est. Salary $103k-$146kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at RAB Lighting in Northvale, NJThe median pay of $123k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $103k - $146k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 26 days ago 26d is seeking a ProductManager who will help accelerate our growth in the LED lighting space. The ProductManager will work closely… , on product priorities and strategic goals, such as road-maps for product lines and categories Collaborate with product design… Product Manager JobsJob TitleEmployerLocationSalaryProduct ManagerFacebookMenlo Park, CA $128k-$182kProduct ManagerThriveHiveBoston, MA $79k-$143kProduct ManagerSOTIUnited States $68k-$98kProduct ManagerCSCOverland Park, KS $88k-$126kProduct ManagerNoRedInk Corp.San Francisco, CA $62k-$97kProduct ManagerSMGKansas City, MO $81k-$115kProduct ManagerTravelbankSan Francisco, CA $94k-$167kProduct ManagerConductorNew York, NY $54k-$88kProduct ManagerInstructureSalt Lake City, UT $77k-$110kProduct ManagerBlue MicrophonesWestlake Village, Los Angeles, CA $57k-$83kProduct ManagerNewsCredNew York, NY $79k-$117kSales Product ManagerWABCONorth Leeds, WI $64k-$89kProduct Manager1-800 CONTACTSDraper, UT $58k-$85kProduct ManagerMarchexSeattle, WA $69k-$96kProduct ManagerRLI CorpPeoria, IL $75k-$110kProduct ManagerGlassdoorMill Valley, CA $117k-$162kProduct ManagerNexon MEmeryville, CA $85k-$121kProduct ManagerEllevestNew York, NY $82k-$149kGrowth Product ManagerMuncherySan Francisco, CA $57k-$89kProduct ManagerTurnitinOakland, CAProduct Marketing ManagerGinger.ioSan Francisco, CA $64k-$101kProduct ManagerShockwave MedicalFremont, CA $75k-$110kProduct ManagerSparta SystemsHamilton, NJ $110k-$153kProduct ManagerRadio Systems CorporationUnited States $57k-$81kProduct ManagerNational Student ClearinghouseHerndon, VA $83k-$130kProduct ManagerHelix EducationEnglewood, CO $51k-$84kProduct ManagerDigital Air StrikeScottsdale, AZ $53k-$77kProduct ManagerGtreasuryLake Zurich, IL $61k-$90kProduct ManagerBeachfront MediaOrmond Beach, FL $56k-$95kSr Product ManagerAvalaraDurham, NC $83k-$113kProduct ManagerRAB LightingNorthvale, NJ $103k-$146k Page 1 of 4777Previous12345NextEmail AddressCreate AlertPlease check your email to activate the job alert.Goto EmailPeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Companies for product manager:&nbsp Facebook, ThriveHive, SOTI, CSC, NoRedInk, Service Management Group, TravelBank, Conductor, Instructure, Blue MicrophonesPeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Companies for product manager:&nbsp Facebook, ThriveHive, SOTI, CSC, NoRedInk, Service Management Group, TravelBank, Conductor, Instructure, Blue Microphones Product Manager Jobs Tip: Enter a locationSearch SuggestionsNew York, NYHouston, TXChicago, ILLos Angeles, CAAtlanta, GADallas, TXMiami, FLWashington, DCBoston, MASan Francisco, CAShow Morenum of numClose (Esc) Email me jobs for:Your Job Alert was created!Taking you to the job you clicked earlier...Enter companyEnter job titleeditEnter locationEnter your email addressCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailCloseCreate a Job AlertStay on top of newest jobs for this search by email. Cancel anytime.Create AlertCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailYour job alert has been created.Create more job alerts for related jobs with one click:CloseGlassdoor Estimated Salary What is this? This is Glassdoor's estimate of the base salary range for this job. It is not necessarily endorsed by the employer and actual compensation may vary based on your experience. How is it calculated? To compute these estimates, we look at job-specific and company-specific attributes from the millions of salaries contributed by the Glassdoor community. There is ongoing community feedback which further refines our calculations. How is this helpful? You, as a job seeker, know what salary range you can expect to get for this job. And you can filter jobs by your desired salary too!
Product Manager Jobs in Schaumburg, IL | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Product Manager Jobs in Schaumburg, ILKeywordLocation JobsJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchAll Jobs (3,597)Create Job AlertProduct Manager Jobs in Schaumburg, ILFilters JobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthSearch RadiusExact Location5 Miles10 Miles15 Miles25 Miles50 Miles100 Miles CompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upIndustryAll IndustriesManufacturingBanking & Financial ServicesRecruiting & StaffingBiotech & PharmaceuticalsComputer Software & HardwareInformation TechnologyHealth Care & HospitalsMarketing & AdvertisingWholesaleConsultingRestaurants & BarsRetail Salary $18,000Salary$18k$326k Include jobs with no salary data MoreCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry LevelCityAll CitiesSchaumburgElk Grove VillageNapervilleNorthbrookDeerfieldOak BrookAuroraDowners GroveHoffman EstatesRiverwoodsCompanyAll CompaniesBank of America CorporationLids Sports GroupDiscover Financial ServicesCitigroup Inc.Baxter International Inc.Culver Franchising System, Inc.Domino's Pizza, Inc.CDW LLCThe Allstate CorporationH&R Block, Inc.CitibankKelly Mitchell GroupWalgreen Co.Biglari Holdings Inc.Hamra EnterprisesBurger King Holdings, Inc.Wendy's International, Inc.Genesco Inc.Ulta Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance, Inc.FiltersCancelApply FiltersFiltersClearFiltersJobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthSearch RadiusExact Location5 Miles10 Miles15 Miles25 Miles50 Miles100 MilesJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry Level $18,000Salary$18k$326k Include jobs with no salary dataCompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upIndustryAll IndustriesManufacturingBanking & Financial ServicesRecruiting & StaffingBiotech & PharmaceuticalsComputer Software & HardwareInformation TechnologyHealth Care & HospitalsMarketing & AdvertisingWholesaleConsultingRestaurants & BarsRetailCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesCityAll CitiesSchaumburgElk Grove VillageNapervilleNorthbrookDeerfieldOak BrookAuroraDowners GroveHoffman EstatesRiverwoodsCompanyAll CompaniesBank of America CorporationLids Sports GroupDiscover Financial ServicesCitigroup Inc.Baxter International Inc.Culver Franchising System, Inc.Domino's Pizza, Inc.CDW LLCThe Allstate CorporationH&R Block, Inc.CitibankKelly Mitchell GroupWalgreen Co.Biglari Holdings Inc.Hamra EnterprisesBurger King Holdings, Inc.Wendy's International, Inc.Genesco Inc.Ulta Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance, Inc. 3.5Product Manager Gtreasury – Lake Zurich, IL Est. Salary $61k-$90kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Gtreasury in Lake Zurich, ILThe median pay of $75k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $61k - $90k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 22 days ago 22dProductManager The ProductManager, will guide a team that is charged with a product line contribution as a business unit.… profitability of existing products to developing new products for the company. This role will build products from existing ideas, and…  3.3Product Manager UnitedHealth Group – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $70k-$102kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at UnitedHealth Group in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $86k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $70k - $102k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 6 days ago 6d As a part of the Clinical Product Business Development & Innovation team the ProductManager is responsible for the strategy… business units Seamlessly transition product development projects to productmanager Adapt departmental plans and priorities…  3.0Jewelry Product Development Manager The Bradford Group – Niles, IL Est. Salary $46k-$80kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Jewelry Product Development Manager at The Bradford Group in Niles, ILThe median pay of $62k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $46k - $80k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW experienced Product Development Manager to join their Jewelry Team! Selected candidate will be responsible for assisting product development… development managers in concepting, developing product series, and preparing product for presentation to the company. You will also…  2.8Product Manager Laird – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $88k-$129kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Laird in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $108k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $88k - $129k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 8 days ago 8d development, product launch, market penetration and growth as well as the end of life phase. Manages and drives product line results… Responsibilities Plans, leads and manages the entire life of a product line from the identification of market opportunities…  3.0Product Manager Scientific Games – McCook, IL Est. Salary $68k-$94kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Scientific Games in McCook, ILThe median pay of $81k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $68k - $94k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 15 days ago 15d Account Executive Creates and distributes assigned Sales and Product Reports on timely basis and maintains the integrity of the… prize structures that correspond with customer parameters, product mix and marketing plan Attends quarterly game planning meetings…  3.9Product Manager RLI Corp – Chicago, IL Est. Salary $77k-$113kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at RLI in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $95k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $77k - $113k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 19 days ago 19d System Development and Testing, Reinsurance Procurement and New Product Offerings. Responsibilities also include auditing the field… management; Assist in the development and implementation of new product offerings, new forms or new programs; Assist the field in…  3.4Product Manager, Financial Services Rotary – Evanston, IL Est. Salary $74k-$111kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager, Financial Services at Rotary in Evanston, ILThe median pay of $92k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $74k - $111k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 13 days ago 13d and productmanagers throughout the organization. The ProductManager will lead the efforts of a cross-functional product team… for a productmanager to drive the strategy and improvement of our financial systems, processes and products. The Product Manager…  3.4Associate Product Manager Hu-Friedy Manufacturing Company – Des Plaines, IL Est. Salary $50k-$70kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Associate Product Manager at Hu-Friedy in Des Plaines, ILThe median pay of $59k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $50k - $70k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 8 days ago 8d Associate ProductManager to be based out of our Des Plaines facility. Summary of Position: This position manages the assigned… in coordination with ProductManagers and GM. 2. Work closely with assembly and operations teams on product related solutions and…  3.2Assistant Product Manager - Consoles & Entertainment Life Fitness – Franklin Park, IL Est. Salary $53k-$73kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Assistant Product Manager - Consoles & Entertainment at Life Fitness in Franklin Park, ILThe median pay of $62k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $53k - $73k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 5 days ago 5d position will be responsible for assisting the consoles productmanager for all aspects of the console category. In this role,… in development of product education for sales, delivery/install and service Track customer and sales product suggestions and develop…  3.0Product Manager Essendant – Deerfield, IL Est. Salary $87k-$124kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Essendant in Deerfield, ILThe median pay of $104k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $87k - $124k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW Title ProductManager City Deerfield State IL Zip Code 60015 Description Primary Purpose The Product Manager… development & management, product selection, and base price strategy. Primary Responsibilities Manage and support supplier…  Deltrol Fluid Products LogoProduct Marketing Manager Deltrol Fluid Products – Bellwood, ILEASY APPLY Est. Salary $74k-$124kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Marketing Manager at Deltrol Fluid Products in Bellwood, ILThe median pay of $97k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $74k - $124k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 14 days ago 14d production team · Manage and maintain company website · Create, deliver and manage press releases, product announcements, advertisements… custom manifold systems, and in-line valves looking for Product Marketing Manager. Job Qualifications: B.S. Degree or 5 years…  3.8Product Manager Capital One – Rolling Meadows, IL Est. Salary $83k-$123kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Capital One in Rolling Meadows, ILThe median pay of $102k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $83k - $123k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 5 days ago 5d for good. ProductManager Capital One Partnerships is looking for an experienced and energetic ProductManager to lead a team… transformational projects, new partner launches and conversions. ProductManagers are our tech-savvy pioneers, with one eye on whats new…  2.7Product Manager, Customer Experience & Onboarding Verizon Telematics – Rolling Meadows, IL Est. Salary $94k-$136kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager, Customer Experience & Onboarding at Verizon Telematics in Rolling Meadows, ILThe median pay of $115k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $94k - $136k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 20 days ago 20d they need to reduce paperwork and increase productivity. As WORK’s ProductManager for Customer Experience & Onboarding, your… market Help plan and manage on-demand training programs from concept to delivery Partner with Product Marketing and Marketing…  3.6Product Manager Tate & Lyle – Hoffman Estates, IL Est. Salary $81k-$113kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Tate & Lyle in Hoffman Estates, ILThe median pay of $97k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $81k - $113k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 6 days ago 6d Company: Tate & Lyle SFI NOAM: ProductManager The ProductManager will be responsible for T&L’s growth by meeting… successful product launches. JOB DESCRIPTION STRATEGIC PLANNING Work with other ProductManagers and global…  3.6Digital Product Manager-Targeting Experian – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $69k-$99kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Digital Product Manager-Targeting at Experian in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $83k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $69k - $99k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 7 days ago 7d - Digital ProductManager-Targeting (17974) Experian is an Equal Opportunity Employer Digital ProductManager-Targeting-… working with Sales, Product Marketing, Client Services and Global Product Development to ensure that product capabilities are meeting…  2.6Product Manager - Mobile Deionization Evoqua Water Technologies – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $100k-$145kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager - Mobile Deionization at Evoqua Water Technologies in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $122k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $100k - $145k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 6 days ago 6d Identifies the needs of the product for a sustained product lifecycle; works directly with marketing managers, service teams, customers… ProductManager - Mobile Deionization (132284) Company Evoqua Water Technologies LLC (US) Division IP & S…  3.6Product Manager Sysmex America – Mundelein, IL Est. Salary $104k-$145kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Sysmex America in Mundelein, ILThe median pay of $124k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $104k - $145k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 6 days ago 6d currently have a great opportunity available for an ProductManager. The ProductManager position is accountable for managing and marketing… Responsible for helping organize and manage trade shows, exhibitions and conferences. The productmanager acts as a key company representative…  3.4Product Manager - Broadband Solutions Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $68k-$100kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager - Broadband Solutions at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $84k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $68k - $100k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW The ProductManager is responsible for solution design across all elements (HW, SW and services), development, launch and maintenance… defining the product/solution vision; and collaborating with key work partners to deliver winning service products and solutions…  2.0Product Manager LS Research – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $67k-$95kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at LS Research in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $81k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $67k - $95k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW development, product launch, market penetration and growth as well as the end of life phase. Manages and drives product line results… Responsibilities Plans, leads and manages the entire life of a product line from the identification of market opportunities…  3.3Product Line Manager - Workplace National Safety Council – Itasca, IL Est. Salary $52k-$89kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Line Manager - Workplace at National Safety Council in Itasca, ILThe median pay of $70k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $52k - $89k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 27 days ago 27d Description The Product Line Manager (PLM) is responsible for marketing initiatives that drive demand for products and services that… marketing meetings and kick-off meetings for specific product lines Manage the business unit’s annual marketing budget Purchasing…  3.5Product Manager, Factory Automation - Custom-design Misumi USA – Schaumburg, ILEASY APPLY Est. Salary $74k-$105kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager, Factory Automation - Custom-design at Misumi USA in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $89k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $74k - $105k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 15 days ago 15d Title: ProductManager, Factory Automation – Custom-design -- Schaumburg, IL Reports To: Director or Senior Manager, FA… ProductManager, Factory Automation - Custom-design - Schaumburg, IL Take leadership to establish and operate Custom-Design,…  3.4Managed Services Product Manager Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $70k-$101kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Managed Services Product Manager at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $85k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $70k - $101k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 9 days ago 9d Position Duties: The Service Offer Manager (OM) is responsible for service/product design, development, launch and maintenance… infrastructure platforms. This includes managing the product throughout the product lifecycle (inception to cancellation and end of…  1.5Product Manager Echo Incorporated – Lake Zurich, ILEASY APPLY Est. Salary $56k-$79kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Echo Incorporated in Lake Zurich, ILThe median pay of $67k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $56k - $79k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 14 days ago 14d for developing new products for the consumer and commercial markets Duties 1) Manage the ACT product development process… ProductManager Location: Lake Zurich, IL Department: Marketing Job Type: Full Time Shift: 1st Shift…  2.7Product Manager Navistar – Lisle, IL Est. Salary $85k-$118kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Navistar in Lisle, ILThe median pay of $101k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $85k - $118k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 28 days ago 28d shareholders. This highly visible ProductManager role has P&L margin accountability for the assigned product portfolio within Navistar… and activities for specific product(s) or product line(s) to establish, enhance or distinguish product placement within the competitive…  3.2Digital Product Manager-Targeting Experian Marketing Services – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $62k-$90kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Digital Product Manager-Targeting at Experian Marketing Services in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $75k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $62k - $90k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 7 days ago 7d Description - Digital ProductManager-Targeting (17974) Experian is an Equal Opportunity Employer Digital ProductManager-Targeting - Job… working with Sales, Product Marketing, Client Services and Global Product Development to ensure that product capabilities are meeting…  3.4Product Manager Wheels, Inc. – Des Plaines, IL Est. Salary $70k-$100kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Wheels in Des Plaines, ILThe median pay of $84k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $70k - $100k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 20 days ago 20d As a Wheels ProductManager, you will play an integral and strategic role. You will optimize your product line to ensure customer… . You will manageproducts that continue to drive today’s business success while developing new or enhanced products that will…  3.3Product Manager SIX Group – Lake Zurich, ILNEWProductManager Als ProductManager erhalten sie die Möglichkeit ein Produkt von A bis Z zu führen. Dies umfasst das Ideenmanagement…  3.6Senior Product Manager, Neurology - Patient Marketing Lundbeck – Deerfield, IL Est. Salary $111k-$151kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Product Manager, Neurology - Patient Marketing at Lundbeck in Deerfield, ILThe median pay of $131k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $111k - $151k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 27 days ago 27d the past seven years, Lundbeck has launched four neurology products addressing rare epilepsies and movement disorders. Lundbeck… on time and within budget Proficiency in Microsoft Office products, namely Word, Excel, and PowerPoint Excellent communication…  4.5Product Marketing Manager Wunderland Group – Oak Brook, IL 8 days ago 8d Excellent full-time Product Marketing Manager role to position this organization’s product as the leader in the global food and… ,000 to $110,000 plus bonus JOB SUMMARY:As the Product Marketing Manager with this organization, you will use your analytical…  3.3Product Line Marketing Manager-DDC Corporate National Safety Council – Itasca, IL Est. Salary $37k-$59kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Line Marketing Manager-DDC Corporate at National Safety Council in Itasca, ILThe median pay of $47k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $37k - $59k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 27 days ago 27d Job Description Product Line Manager is responsible for outbound marketing activities, revenue growth opportunities, inventory… etc. Oversee DDC Corporate web pages and content; manage updates, new product pages and campaign landing pages, lead forms, video…  4.6Product Manager SST Truck Company – Lisle, IL Est. Salary $63k-$95kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at SST Truck Company in Lisle, ILThe median pay of $78k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $63k - $95k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 28 days ago 28d shareholders. This highly visible ProductManager role has P&L margin accountability for the assigned product portfolio within Navistar… and activities for specific product(s) or product line(s) to establish, enhance or distinguish product placement within the competitive… Product Manager in Schaumburg, IL JobsJob TitleEmployerLocationSalaryProduct ManagerGtreasuryLake Zurich, IL $61k-$90kProduct ManagerUnitedHealth GroupSchaumburg, IL $70k-$102kJewelry Product Development ManagerThe Bradford GroupNiles, IL $46k-$80kProduct ManagerLairdSchaumburg, IL $88k-$129kProduct ManagerScientific GamesMcCook, IL $68k-$94kProduct ManagerRLI CorpChicago, IL $77k-$113kProduct Manager, Financial ServicesRotaryEvanston, IL $74k-$111kAssociate Product ManagerHu-Friedy Manufacturing CompanyDes Plaines, IL $50k-$70kAssistant Product Manager - Consoles & EntertainmentLife FitnessFranklin Park, IL $53k-$73kProduct ManagerEssendantDeerfield, IL $87k-$124kProduct Marketing ManagerDeltrol Fluid ProductsBellwood, IL $74k-$124kProduct ManagerCapital OneRolling Meadows, IL $83k-$123kProduct Manager, Customer Experience & OnboardingVerizon TelematicsRolling Meadows, IL $94k-$136kProduct ManagerTate & LyleHoffman Estates, IL $81k-$113kDigital Product Manager-TargetingExperianSchaumburg, IL $69k-$99kProduct Manager - Mobile DeionizationEvoqua Water TechnologiesSchaumburg, IL $100k-$145kProduct ManagerSysmex AmericaMundelein, IL $104k-$145kProduct Manager - Broadband SolutionsMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $68k-$100kProduct ManagerLS ResearchSchaumburg, IL $67k-$95kProduct Line Manager - WorkplaceNational Safety CouncilItasca, IL $52k-$89kProduct Manager, Factory Automation - Custom-designMisumi USASchaumburg, IL $74k-$105kManaged Services Product ManagerMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $70k-$101kProduct ManagerEcho IncorporatedLake Zurich, IL $56k-$79kProduct ManagerNavistarLisle, IL $85k-$118kDigital Product Manager-TargetingExperian Marketing ServicesSchaumburg, IL $62k-$90kProduct ManagerWheels, Inc.Des Plaines, IL $70k-$100kProduct ManagerSIX GroupLake Zurich, ILSenior Product Manager, Neurology - Patient MarketingLundbeckDeerfield, IL $111k-$151kProduct Marketing ManagerWunderland GroupOak Brook, ILProduct Line Marketing Manager-DDC CorporateNational Safety CouncilItasca, IL $37k-$59kProduct ManagerSST Truck CompanyLisle, IL $63k-$95k Page 1 of 117Previous12345NextEmail AddressCreate AlertPlease check your email to activate the job alert.Goto EmailPeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Cities for Product Manager:&nbsp Schaumburg, Elk Grove Village, Naperville, Northbrook, Deerfield, Oak Brook, Aurora, Downers Grove, Hoffman Estates, Riverwoods Top Companies for product manager in Schaumburg, IL:&nbsp Gtreasury, UnitedHealth Group, The Bradford Group, Laird, Scientific Games, RLI, Rotary, Hu-Friedy, Life Fitness, EssendantPeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Cities for Product Manager:&nbsp Schaumburg, Elk Grove Village, Naperville, Northbrook, Deerfield, Oak Brook, Aurora, Downers Grove, Hoffman Estates, Riverwoods Top Companies for product manager in Schaumburg, IL:&nbsp Gtreasury, UnitedHealth Group, The Bradford Group, Laird, Scientific Games, RLI, Rotary, Hu-Friedy, Life Fitness, Essendant Product Manager Jobs in Schaumburgnum of numClose (Esc) Email me jobs for:Your Job Alert was created!Taking you to the job you clicked earlier...Enter companyEnter job titleeditEnter locationEnter your email addressCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailCloseCreate a Job AlertStay on top of newest jobs for this search by email. Cancel anytime.Create AlertCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailYour job alert has been created.Create more job alerts for related jobs with one click:CloseGlassdoor Estimated Salary What is this? This is Glassdoor's estimate of the base salary range for this job. It is not necessarily endorsed by the employer and actual compensation may vary based on your experience. How is it calculated? To compute these estimates, we look at job-specific and company-specific attributes from the millions of salaries contributed by the Glassdoor community. There is ongoing community feedback which further refines our calculations. How is this helpful? You, as a job seeker, know what salary range you can expect to get for this job. And you can filter jobs by your desired salary too!
Motorola Solutions, Inc. Product Manager Plantation, FL Jobs | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Motorola Solutions, Inc. Product Manager Jobs in Plantation, FLKeywordLocation JobsJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchAll Jobs (8)Create Job AlertMotorola Solutions, Inc. Product Manager Jobs in Plantation, FLFilters JobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthSearch RadiusExact Location5 Miles10 Miles15 Miles25 Miles50 Miles100 Miles CompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upIndustryAll IndustriesTelecommunicationsComputer Software & Hardware Salary $40,000Salary$40k$136k Include jobs with no salary data MoreCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry LevelCityAll CitiesPlantationFort LauderdaleMiamiPembroke PinesMargateSunriseCompanyAll CompaniesConnect Tech Inc.Motorola Solutions, Inc.FiltersCancelApply FiltersFiltersClearFiltersJobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthSearch RadiusExact Location5 Miles10 Miles15 Miles25 Miles50 Miles100 MilesJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry Level $40,000Salary$40k$136k Include jobs with no salary dataCompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upIndustryAll IndustriesTelecommunicationsComputer Software & HardwareCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesCityAll CitiesPlantationFort LauderdaleMiamiPembroke PinesMargateSunriseCompanyAll CompaniesConnect Tech Inc.Motorola Solutions, Inc. 3.4Product Manager, Video Devices Motorola Solutions – Plantation, FL Est. Salary $63k-$94kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager, Video Devices at Motorola Solutions in Plantation, FLThe median pay of $78k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $63k - $94k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 5 days ago 5d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… Devices ProductManager will report to the Video Devices Category Manager and drive these strategies for video products by gathering…  3.0Engineering Project Lead - CUstom Products - 566BR Tech-Connect – Plantation, FLEASY APPLY 8 days ago 8d to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions' innovations, products, and services play essential roles in people's… center within MotorolaSolutions. We specialize in proof-of-concept and low-volume advanced communications products for government…  3.4Architecture Team New Products Manager Motorola Solutions – Plantation, FL Est. Salary $64k-$94kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Architecture Team New Products Manager at Motorola Solutions in Plantation, FLThe median pay of $79k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $64k - $94k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 5 days ago 5d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… Description The MotorolaSolutions Devices Architecture Team designs world class end-to-end solutions for public safety, commercial…  3.4Engineering Project Lead - Custom Products Motorola Solutions – Plantation, FL 9 days ago 9d and small-scale production activities in the area of custom products. Your main tasks will be as the point-of-contact for customers… In this leadership role, you will manage multiple projects valued in the $500k to $5M range. You will coordinate a mix of engineering…  3.0Digital SOC Architect and Design Engineer - 657BR Tech-Connect – Plantation, FLEASY APPLY Est. Salary $40k-$69kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Digital SOC Architect and Design Engineer - 657BR at Connect Tech in Plantation, FLThe median pay of $54k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $40k - $69k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 28 days ago 28d common hardware platform ICs and modules to support MotorolaSolutions radio product groups. We architect, design, and deliver to production… MotorolaSolutions Overview On any given day, every moment matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, Motorola Solutions…  3.4Software Test Manager Motorola Solutions – Plantation, FL Est. Salary $100k-$147kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Software Test Manager at Motorola Solutions in Plantation, FLThe median pay of $124k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $100k - $147k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 9 days ago 9d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… teams, project managers, productmanagers, hardware teams with the common goal to create the highest quality product. Job ID…  3.4Senior Account Manager Motorola Solutions – Plantation, FL 13 days ago 13d loyalty for MotorolaSolutions Proactively develop large project opportunities encompassing a wide range of products and services… matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people…  3.4Digital IC Design Engineer Motorola Solutions – Plantation, FL Est. Salary $115k-$131kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Digital IC Design Engineer at Motorola Solutions in Plantation, FLThe median pay of $123k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $115k - $131k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW common hardware platform ICs and modules to support MotorolaSolutions radio product groups. We architect, design, and deliver to production… matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… Product Manager in Plantation, FL JobsJob TitleEmployerLocationSalaryProduct Manager, Video DevicesMotorola SolutionsPlantation, FL $63k-$94kEngineering Project Lead - CUstom Products - 566BRTech-ConnectPlantation, FL $55k-$83kArchitecture Team New Products ManagerMotorola SolutionsPlantation, FL $64k-$94kEngineering Project Lead - Custom ProductsMotorola SolutionsPlantation, FL $74k-$97kDigital SOC Architect and Design Engineer - 657BRTech-ConnectPlantation, FL $40k-$69kSoftware Test ManagerMotorola SolutionsPlantation, FL $100k-$147kSenior Account ManagerMotorola SolutionsPlantation, FL $61k-$102kDigital IC Design EngineerMotorola SolutionsPlantation, FL $115k-$131k Page 1 of 1Email AddressCreate AlertPlease check your email to activate the job alert.Goto EmailPeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Cities for Product Manager:&nbsp Plantation, Fort Lauderdale, Miami, Pembroke Pines, Margate, Sunrise Related Companies:&nbsp Motorola Solutions, Connect TechPeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Cities for Product Manager:&nbsp Plantation, Fort Lauderdale, Miami, Pembroke Pines, Margate, Sunrise Related Companies:&nbsp Motorola Solutions, Connect Tech Jobsnum of numClose (Esc) Email me jobs for:Your Job Alert was created!Taking you to the job you clicked earlier...Enter companyEnter job titleeditEnter locationEnter your email addressCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailCloseCreate a Job AlertStay on top of newest jobs for this search by email. Cancel anytime.Create AlertCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailYour job alert has been created.Create more job alerts for related jobs with one click:CloseGlassdoor Estimated Salary What is this? This is Glassdoor's estimate of the base salary range for this job. It is not necessarily endorsed by the employer and actual compensation may vary based on your experience. How is it calculated? To compute these estimates, we look at job-specific and company-specific attributes from the millions of salaries contributed by the Glassdoor community. There is ongoing community feedback which further refines our calculations. How is this helpful? You, as a job seeker, know what salary range you can expect to get for this job. And you can filter jobs by your desired salary too!
Product Manager Jobs | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Product Manager JobsKeywordLocation JobsJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchAll Jobs (149,788)Create Job AlertProduct Manager JobsFilters JobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry Level CompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesFiltersCancelApply FiltersFiltersClearFiltersJobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry LevelCompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employees 4.6Product Manager Facebook – Menlo Park, CA Est. Salary $128k-$182kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Facebook in Menlo Park, CAThe median pay of $154k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $128k - $182k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 14 days ago 14d getting started.Facebook ProductManagers work with teams of engineers and designers to build products. We are looking for extremely… extremely entrepreneurial ProductManagers to help innovate and execute product initiatives across the company. This position is…  5.0Product Manager NoRedInk Corp. – San Francisco, CA Est. Salary $62k-$97kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at NoRedInk in San Francisco, CAThe median pay of $78k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $62k - $97k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 7 days ago 7d experienced ProductManager to lead the conceptualization, design, development, and release of our new features and products. In this… Responsibilities As a productmanager, you will... Build detailed specifications of new products and features, and break…  4.7Product Manager ThriveHive – Boston, MA Est. Salary $79k-$143kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at ThriveHive in Boston, MAThe median pay of $109k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $79k - $143k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW looking for: We are searching for an experienced ProductManager to join our Product Management team and help us continue to build… Canada. As a ProductManager at ThriveHive, you will be responsible for driving success across a set of products within our SaaS…  2.7Product Manager SOTI – United States Est. Salary $68k-$98kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at SOTI in United StatesThe median pay of $82k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $68k - $98k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW SOTI is committed to providing its employees with endless possibilities; learning new things, working with the latest…  4.6Product Manager Conductor – New York, NY Est. Salary $54k-$88kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Conductor in New York, NYThe median pay of $70k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $54k - $88k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 8 days ago 8d As a ProductManager, you will join a growing team at the heart of product development, where you will design and collaborate… Responsibilities: Manage the iterative lifecycle of the product from market requirements to product release and adoption including…  no.logo.altSafety Manager N. B. Kenney Company, Inc. – Devens, MAEASY APPLYNEW procedures and to assist in the achievement of profitability/productivity requirements. Tasks & Responsibilities: Assists, plans… present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public. Excellent Computer…  2.7Product Manager CSC – Overland Park, KS Est. Salary $88k-$126kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at CSC in Overland Park, KSThe median pay of $106k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $88k - $126k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 6 days ago 6d maintain competitiveness in the industry. Identifies additional product/services opportunities in client organization and follows up… employees to enhance their performance, development, and work product. Addresses performance issues and makes recommendations for…  3.5Product Manager NewsCred – New York, NY Est. Salary $79k-$117kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at NewsCred in New York, NYThe median pay of $96k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $79k - $117k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 5 days ago 5d ARE You are an experienced ProductManager with a passion for building innovative products. You have significant experience… QUALIFICATIONS At least 4-6 years as a productmanager in SaaS with measurable successes. Strong understanding of user experience design… Product Manager Travelbank – San Francisco, CAEASY APPLY Est. Salary $94k-$167kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at TravelBank in San Francisco, CAThe median pay of $128k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $94k - $167k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 8 days ago 8d experience as a ProductManager demonstrating the ability to empathize with users and deliver amazing products. • Experience working… expense system that everyone loves, is looking for a talented ProductManager. We're disrupting the travel & expense software industry…  3.9Product Manager RLI Corp – Peoria, IL Est. Salary $75k-$110kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at RLI in Peoria, ILThe median pay of $92k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $75k - $110k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 5 days ago 5d System Development and Testing, Reinsurance Procurement and New Product Offerings. Responsibilities also include auditing the field… management; Assist in the development and implementation of new product offerings, new forms or new programs; Assist the field in…  4.5Product Manager Instructure – Salt Lake City, UT Est. Salary $77k-$110kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Instructure in Salt Lake City, UTThe median pay of $93k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $77k - $110k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 15 days ago 15d world. We are looking for a rockstar software ProductManager to join our Canvas Product Management team. In this position, you’ll… Collaborate with other product teams to provide consistent user experiences across all our educational products Collaborate with marketing…  3.4Product Manager SMG – Kansas City, MO Est. Salary $81k-$115kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Service Management Group in Kansas City, MOThe median pay of $98k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $81k - $115k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW successful ProductManager. Work directly with clients and internal teams to define to define client need, product functions… engineering teams. Manage external vendors who provide products or services which may be integrated with our own product offerings.…  4.2Product Manager 1-800 CONTACTS – Draper, UT Est. Salary $58k-$85kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at 1-800 CONTACTS in Draper, UTThe median pay of $71k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $58k - $85k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 9 days ago 9d Why you want this job We are seeking a ProductManager to help deliver world-class customer experiences through our digital… through personas, scenarios, and uses cases in product discovery. Partner in product discovery to derive requirements for approved…  4.2Product Manager Nexon M – Emeryville, CA Est. Salary $85k-$121kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Nexon M in Emeryville, CAThe median pay of $101k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $85k - $121k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 21 days ago 21d successful in meeting their target KPIs. ProductManagers will manage the entire life cycle of products and are expected to contribute to… mobile games published by Nexon M. ProductManagers own the success or failure of products in their entirety. They are responsible…  4.1Product Manager Turnitin – Oakland, CA 7 days ago 7d experienced ProductManager to join our Product Management team at our Oakland, CA headquarters. As a Turnitin ProductManager, you will… improve our existing products and create new features with the help of our developers. Successful ProductManagers at Turnitin are…  4.1Product Manager Glassdoor – Mill Valley, CA Est. Salary $117k-$162kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Glassdoor in Mill Valley, CAThe median pay of $138k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $117k - $162k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 9 days ago 9d looking for a ProductManager to join our B2B products team. You will have the opportunity to work on our flagship product for employers… every productmanager muscle you have and work with a world-class engineering team. Responsibilities Own the product roadmap…  3.6Sales Product Manager WABCO – North Leeds, WI Est. Salary $64k-$89kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Sales Product Manager at WABCO in North Leeds, WIThe median pay of $76k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $64k - $89k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW The Sales ProductManager is the product owner and the specialist on a given portfolio for the product and its global markets… markets. The Sales ProductManager will be involved in: Developing strategies once they understand the geographical market…  3.5Product Manager Marchex – Seattle, WA Est. Salary $69k-$96kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Marchex in Seattle, WAThe median pay of $82k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $69k - $96k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 11 days ago 11d driving product growth strategy for Marchex analytics product line? Marchex is looking for an exceptional ProductManager to drive… ProductManager Job Overview Do you like to pave new ground and take on business and product challenges where there is no pre-existing…  5.0Product Manager Ellevest – New York, NY Est. Salary $82k-$149kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Ellevest in New York, NYThe median pay of $113k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $82k - $149k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW About This Position The ProductManager will play a key role in creating new opportunities that will drive client growth. Candidates… position reports to the Chief Product Officer. Responsibilities: Drive the entire product lifecycle from conception, to…  3.0Product Manager Blue Microphones – Westlake Village, Los Angeles, CAEASY APPLY Est. Salary $57k-$83kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Blue Microphones in Westlake Village, Los Angeles, CAThe median pay of $70k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $57k - $83k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 24 days ago 24d new products – all the way from the high-level user experience down to the smallest details Lead and manage the product business… Blue Microphones is looking for a talented ProductManager for a direct hire full-time position. Recipient of the “Inc. 5000 Fastest-Growing…  5.0Senior Product Manager Roam – San Mateo, CA Est. Salary $112k-$197kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Product Manager at Roam in San Mateo, CAThe median pay of $152k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $112k - $197k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 9 days ago 9d when seeking to improve patient outcomes. The senior productmanager will be responsible for building a world-class platform… Work closely with Head of Products and Technology to implement product strategy Serve as “product owner” for 1-2 geographically…  5.0Software Product Manager Mercury Network – Oklahoma City, OK Est. Salary $68k-$95kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Software Product Manager at Mercury Network in Oklahoma City, OKThe median pay of $80k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $68k - $95k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 6 days ago 6d opportunities. We are seeking a Software ProductManager to join our team. The Software ProductManager is charged with overseeing one or… effectively manage large and complex projects that result in best-in-class software solutions. As a Software ProductManager, your…  5.0Senior Product Manager Roofstock – Oakland, CA Est. Salary $104k-$141kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Product Manager at Roofstock in Oakland, CAThe median pay of $122k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $104k - $141k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 14 days ago 14d Back to Careers Senior ProductManager Department: Product Location: Oakland, CA Roofstock is an innovative… with others Productivity – You manage a fair workload, prioritize tasks, develop good work procedures, manage time well, handle…  3.7Product Manager Rudolph Technologies – Wilmington, MA Est. Salary $97k-$133kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Rudolph Technologies in Wilmington, MAThe median pay of $115k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $97k - $133k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW be performed as requested. ProductManager reports to General Manager. Accurately define product requirements to engineering… ProductManager will be responsible for all activities to ensure the success of the product line around the world. This includes…  3.1Sr Product Manager Avalara – Durham, NC Est. Salary $83k-$113kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Sr Product Manager at Avalara in Durham, NCThe median pay of $98k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $83k - $113k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 6 days ago 6d We want to talk to you. Avalara’s Product Management team is looking for a superb product leader with a strong background in… own a family of products for managing compliance data. You will be responsible for solidifying Avalara’s product vision and building…  3.1Technical Product Manager GreatCall – San Diego, CA Est. Salary $83k-$124kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Technical Product Manager at GreatCall in San Diego, CAThe median pay of $102k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $83k - $124k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 5 days ago 5d The ProductManager is responsible for managing the complete product lifecycle of new and existing GreatCall products and services… POSITION : Technical ProductManager DEPARTMENT : Technology (700) REPORTING SUPERVISOR : Director, Product Development DIRECT…  4.0Product Manager Radio Systems Corporation – United States Est. Salary $57k-$81kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Radio Systems Corporation in United StatesThe median pay of $69k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $57k - $81k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 8 days ago 8d sales teams and Category Managers Aid in communication as needed cross-departmentally to ensure product lines are reaching goals… of product– did it meet the goals set at the start? Management of product line Depth of knowledge about product line…  4.2Product Manager Beachfront Media – Ormond Beach, FL Est. Salary $56k-$95kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Beachfront Media in Ormond Beach, FLThe median pay of $76k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $56k - $95k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 24 days ago 24d advertising needs. As a Beachfront ProductManager, you will help shape the vision of all company products and help our customers deliver… quality product experiences that simplify video publishing and monetization Minimum Qualifications 3 years product management…  3.4Product Manager, Financial Services Rotary – Evanston, IL Est. Salary $74k-$111kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager, Financial Services at Rotary in Evanston, ILThe median pay of $92k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $74k - $111k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 13 days ago 13d and productmanagers throughout the organization. The ProductManager will lead the efforts of a cross-functional product team… for a productmanager to drive the strategy and improvement of our financial systems, processes and products. The Product Manager… Product Manager Shockwave Medical – Fremont, CAEASY APPLY Est. Salary $75k-$110kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Shockwave Medical in Fremont, CAThe median pay of $91k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $75k - $110k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 27 days ago 27d We are looking for a rockstar productmanager to lead the global launch of our flagship product and introduce Shockwave’s disruptive… cardiovascular applications. As a productmanager, you will drive the go-to-market strategy for new products in peripheral and coronary…  4.8Senior Product Manager Imgur – San Francisco, CA Est. Salary $127k-$174kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Product Manager at Imgur in San Francisco, CAThe median pay of $149k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $127k - $174k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 25 days ago 25d us build a product that delights and lifts people's spirits for a few moments everyday. As a Senior ProductManager at Imgur,… Collaboratively generate product requirements for feature updates and new releases Clearly present product concepts, roadmap, and… Product Manager JobsJob TitleEmployerLocationSalaryProduct ManagerFacebookMenlo Park, CA $128k-$182kProduct ManagerNoRedInk Corp.San Francisco, CA $62k-$97kProduct ManagerThriveHiveBoston, MA $79k-$143kProduct ManagerSOTIUnited States $68k-$98kProduct ManagerConductorNew York, NY $54k-$88kSafety ManagerN. B. Kenney Company, Inc.Devens, MA $53k-$105kProduct ManagerCSCOverland Park, KS $88k-$126kProduct ManagerNewsCredNew York, NY $79k-$117kProduct ManagerTravelbankSan Francisco, CA $94k-$167kProduct ManagerRLI CorpPeoria, IL $75k-$110kProduct ManagerInstructureSalt Lake City, UT $77k-$110kProduct ManagerSMGKansas City, MO $81k-$115kProduct Manager1-800 CONTACTSDraper, UT $58k-$85kProduct ManagerNexon MEmeryville, CA $85k-$121kProduct ManagerTurnitinOakland, CAProduct ManagerGlassdoorMill Valley, CA $117k-$162kSales Product ManagerWABCONorth Leeds, WI $64k-$89kProduct ManagerMarchexSeattle, WA $69k-$96kProduct ManagerEllevestNew York, NY $82k-$149kProduct ManagerBlue MicrophonesWestlake Village, Los Angeles, CA $57k-$83kSenior Product ManagerRoamSan Mateo, CA $112k-$197kSoftware Product ManagerMercury NetworkOklahoma City, OK $68k-$95kSenior Product ManagerRoofstockOakland, CA $104k-$141kProduct ManagerRudolph TechnologiesWilmington, MA $97k-$133kSr Product ManagerAvalaraDurham, NC $83k-$113kTechnical Product ManagerGreatCallSan Diego, CA $83k-$124kProduct ManagerRadio Systems CorporationUnited States $57k-$81kProduct ManagerBeachfront MediaOrmond Beach, FL $56k-$95kProduct Manager, Financial ServicesRotaryEvanston, IL $74k-$111kProduct ManagerShockwave MedicalFremont, CA $75k-$110kSenior Product ManagerImgurSan Francisco, CA $127k-$174k Page 1 of 4832Previous12345NextEmail AddressCreate AlertPlease check your email to activate the job alert.Goto EmailPeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Companies for product manager:&nbsp Facebook, NoRedInk, ThriveHive, SOTI, Conductor, CSC, NewsCred, TravelBank, RLI, InstructurePeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Companies for product manager:&nbsp Facebook, NoRedInk, ThriveHive, SOTI, Conductor, CSC, NewsCred, TravelBank, RLI, Instructure Product Manager Jobs Tip: Enter a locationSearch SuggestionsNew York, NYHouston, TXChicago, ILLos Angeles, CAAtlanta, GADallas, TXMiami, FLWashington, DCBoston, MASan Francisco, CAShow Morenum of numClose (Esc) Email me jobs for:Your Job Alert was created!Taking you to the job you clicked earlier...Enter companyEnter job titleeditEnter locationEnter your email addressCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailCloseCreate a Job AlertStay on top of newest jobs for this search by email. Cancel anytime.Create AlertCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailYour job alert has been created.Create more job alerts for related jobs with one click:CloseGlassdoor Estimated Salary What is this? This is Glassdoor's estimate of the base salary range for this job. It is not necessarily endorsed by the employer and actual compensation may vary based on your experience. How is it calculated? To compute these estimates, we look at job-specific and company-specific attributes from the millions of salaries contributed by the Glassdoor community. There is ongoing community feedback which further refines our calculations. How is this helpful? You, as a job seeker, know what salary range you can expect to get for this job. And you can filter jobs by your desired salary too!
Product Manager Jobs in Plantation, FL | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Product Manager Jobs in Plantation, FLKeywordLocation JobsJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchAll Jobs (2,587)Create Job AlertProduct Manager Jobs in Plantation, FLFilters JobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthSearch RadiusExact Location5 Miles10 Miles15 Miles25 Miles50 Miles100 Miles CompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upIndustryAll IndustriesRecruiting & StaffingHealth Care & HospitalsBanking & Financial ServicesRestaurants & BarsManufacturingComputer Software & HardwareRetailAccounting & LegalMarketing & AdvertisingInformation TechnologyConstructionWholesaleArchitecture & Civil EngineeringInsuranceConsultingSupermarketsAutomotive Salary $12,000Salary$12k$264k Include jobs with no salary data MoreCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry LevelCityAll CitiesMiamiFort LauderdaleBoca RatonSunrisePompano BeachHollywoodPlantationCoral SpringsPembroke PinesMiramarCompanyAll CompaniesCheckers Drive-In Restaurants, Inc.Domino's Pizza, Inc.Hair CutteryDeloitte Dunkin' Donuts Northeast Distribution Center, Inc.Lids Sports GroupBank of America CorporationPapa John's Pizza IndiaPETRO-TECH SERVICES, INC.The Fresh Market, Inc.Boston Market CorporationCitigroup Inc.Carlson RestaurantsKforce Inc.CitibankNewell BrandsRatner Companies, L.C.AutoNation, Inc.Dollar Tree, Inc.FiltersCancelApply FiltersFiltersClearFiltersJobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthSearch RadiusExact Location5 Miles10 Miles15 Miles25 Miles50 Miles100 MilesJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry Level $12,000Salary$12k$264k Include jobs with no salary dataCompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upIndustryAll IndustriesRecruiting & StaffingHealth Care & HospitalsBanking & Financial ServicesRestaurants & BarsManufacturingComputer Software & HardwareRetailAccounting & LegalMarketing & AdvertisingInformation TechnologyConstructionWholesaleArchitecture & Civil EngineeringInsuranceConsultingSupermarketsAutomotiveCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesCityAll CitiesMiamiFort LauderdaleBoca RatonSunrisePompano BeachHollywoodPlantationCoral SpringsPembroke PinesMiramarCompanyAll CompaniesCheckers Drive-In Restaurants, Inc.Domino's Pizza, Inc.Hair CutteryDeloitte Dunkin' Donuts Northeast Distribution Center, Inc.Lids Sports GroupBank of America CorporationPapa John's Pizza IndiaPETRO-TECH SERVICES, INC.The Fresh Market, Inc.Boston Market CorporationCitigroup Inc.Carlson RestaurantsKforce Inc.CitibankNewell BrandsRatner Companies, L.C.AutoNation, Inc.Dollar Tree, Inc. 3.7Senior Product Manager Citrix – Fort Lauderdale, FL Est. Salary $97k-$131kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Product Manager at Citrix in Fort Lauderdale, FLThe median pay of $113k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $97k - $131k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 8 days ago 8d Requisition: R7507 Senior ProductManager (Open) Job Posting Title: Senior ProductManager Job Description:… success Manage the whole product life cycle from strategic planning to tactical activities Own the product P&L making sure…  3.4Product Manager, Video Devices Motorola Solutions – Plantation, FL Est. Salary $63k-$94kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager, Video Devices at Motorola Solutions in Plantation, FLThe median pay of $78k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $63k - $94k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 5 days ago 5d Devices ProductManager will report to the Video Devices Category Manager and drive these strategies for video products by gathering… experience in Product Management / Product Planning / Product Marketing / Product Development of Commercial products Bachelor's…  4.3Product Manager Culver Careers – Fort Lauderdale, FL 8 days ago 8d Cutting Edge Medical Technology Company looking to hire a ProductManager . My client has for the last 20+ years been a part of a… roadmap of Product landscape in concert with R&D. Assists in managing the development of next generation products. Coordinates…  3.2Product Manager Monster Worldwide – Weston, FL Est. Salary $59k-$84kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Monster Worldwide in Weston, FLThe median pay of $71k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $59k - $84k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 8 days ago 8d research, and use them to inform product development Manage release cycles across multiple products Job Requirements… and surpass 5 million users internationally.   As a ProductManager, you will be responsible for innovating and executing initiatives…  3.3Product Manager ScanSource, Inc. – Miami, FL Est. Salary $37k-$56kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at ScanSource in Miami, FLThe median pay of $47k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $37k - $56k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEWProductManager Job Title: ProductManager Department: Merchandising FLSA Status: Exempt Summary… Summary: The ProductManager is responsible for the development and execution of vendor business plans to increase market share…  4.4Product Manager PROTECH – Boca Raton, FL Est. Salary $57k-$85kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at PROTECH in Boca Raton, FLThe median pay of $71k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $57k - $85k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 7 days ago 7d County. They are currently seeking a ProductManager who can support development of new product/services and enhancements in context… questions from groups of managers, clients, and internal customers * Knowledge of payment card product management or development…  3.7Security Product Manager Citrix – Fort Lauderdale, FL Est. Salary $69k-$101kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Security Product Manager at Citrix in Fort Lauderdale, FLThe median pay of $85k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $69k - $101k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 19 days ago 19d Security ProductManager (Open) Job Posting Title: Security ProductManager Job Description: Security Product Manager… locations. The Security ProductManager for XenApp and XenDesktop works with executives, sales, product management, marketing and…  2.4Product Manager - Operations TradeStation – Plantation, FL Est. Salary $99k-$142kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager - Operations at TradeStation in Plantation, FLThe median pay of $120k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $99k - $142k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 9 days ago 9dProductManager - Operations Plantation, FL The ProductManager is responsible for understanding, prioritizing and defining… Operations, Client Services, Sales and Marketing. The ProductManager is responsible for delivering efficient, scalable and responsive…  3.7Product Quality Manager Magic Leap, Inc. – Fort Lauderdale, FL Est. Salary $109k-$170kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Quality Manager at Magic Leap in Fort Lauderdale, FLThe median pay of $137k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $109k - $170k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW processes at CM sites. Lead and manageproduct quality escalations. Serve as escalation point for product quality issues through development… succeed in this role. Responsibilities: Manage a team of lead/senior product quality engineers. Mentor and grow talent in…  4.0Product Manager CyberCoders – Boca Raton, FL 11 days ago 11d of 7/24/2017. Clinical Software ProductManager YOU ARE a passionate ProductManager with Clinical, healthcare, medical… SDLC So, if you are a ProductManager with experience, please apply today! Required Skills Product Management, Clinical…  3.6Product Management Director Octagon Technology Staffing – Fort Lauderdale, FL Est. Salary $87k-$118kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Management Director at Octagon Technology Staffing in Fort Lauderdale, FLThe median pay of $101k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $87k - $118k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 28 days ago 28d years experience as a ProductManager for a software product (B2B or B2C) At least 2 years in Product leadership 3+ years experience… strategic direction, and product roadmap across the Connectik platform Build a strong team of ProductManagers Work with engineering…  3.3Product Manager Hill-Rom – Miami, FL Est. Salary $83k-$121kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Hill-Rom in Miami, FLThe median pay of $102k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $83k - $121k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 26 days ago 26d integrated product/service offerings and Connectivity solutions, articulating overall solution benefits and product positioning… physicians, nurses, biomedical engineers, procurement managers, IT, Mid-level Managers and C-Suite in Hospitals all over Latin America…  2.1Software Quality Assurance Manager Global Eagle Entertainment – Miramar, FL Est. Salary $51k-$80kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Software Quality Assurance Manager at Global Eagle Entertainment in Miramar, FLThe median pay of $64k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $51k - $80k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW PURPOSE: Under the guidance of the VP, Network and Product Development, the Manager of QA will be responsible of the managing the quality… , load and system tests Manage QA Team Responsible for validating the completeness of product deliverables Lead continuous…  2.4Product Manager - Brokerage Operations TradeStation – Plantation, FL Est. Salary $99k-$142kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager - Brokerage Operations at TradeStation in Plantation, FLThe median pay of $120k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $99k - $142k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 12 days ago 12dProductManager - Brokerage Operations Plantation, FL The ProductManager is responsible for understanding, prioritizing… Brokerage Operations, Client Services, Sales and Marketing. The ProductManager is responsible for delivering efficient, scalable and responsive…  4.0Product Marketing Manager Microsoft – Fort Lauderdale, FL Est. Salary $85k-$118kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Marketing Manager at Microsoft in Fort Lauderdale, FLThe median pay of $100k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $85k - $118k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW knowledge and product expertise to drive the relevant business and marketing planning. The Product Marketing Manager understands… delivers product and campaign feedback to the business. An essential aspect of the role of the Product Marketing Manager is to align…  no.logo.alteBay Product Manager AAAA World, Inc – Hollywood, FLEASY APPLY 13 days ago 13d eBay productManager AAAA world. Inc – Hollywood , FL 33020 A successful consumer electronic company seeks an online… professional to manage a well-developed eBay account. This is an online eBay account manager role that will manage the day-to-…  3.1Product Manager LexisNexis – Boca Raton, FL Est. Salary $69k-$99kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at LexisNexis in Boca Raton, FLThe median pay of $84k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $69k - $99k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW and competitive comparison. Manage the ongoing life cycle responsibilities for business products Determine appearance and function… implement product vision, direction, and business plans, including product plans, product migration and evolution, and product life…  3.4Architecture Team New Products Manager Motorola Solutions – Plantation, FL Est. Salary $64k-$94kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Architecture Team New Products Manager at Motorola Solutions in Plantation, FLThe median pay of $79k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $64k - $94k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 5 days ago 5d architect and design new products. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following: The manager will be responsible… initial concepts/requirements/development through product ship acceptance. The manager will assign work assignment to the team and…  3.2Manager of Product Management, Brand Development Chewy – Fort Lauderdale, FL Est. Salary $82k-$117kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Manager of Product Management, Brand Development at Chewy in Fort Lauderdale, FLThe median pay of $100k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $82k - $117k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 22 days ago 22d Our Opportunity: Chewy is currently recruiting for a Manager of Product Management in Brand Development in our Dania Beach, FL… and solid working knowledge of developing product and brand strategy, leading new product innovation, and analyzing business performance…  3.7Product Delivery Manager E-Builder, Inc. – Plantation, FL Est. Salary $45k-$75kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Delivery Manager at D.E. Harvey in Plantation, FLThe median pay of $59k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $45k - $75k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 20 days ago 20dProduct Delivery Manager (Development Manager) Job Overview: Responsible for software development activities for product… Position Manage teams with in-house and outsourced software engineers and software QA engineers working on product features and… Product Manager, Domestic DHL Global – Weston, FL Est. Salary $60k-$90kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager, Domestic at Panafric Global in Weston, FLThe median pay of $75k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $60k - $90k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW JOB SUMMARY: As a ProductManager Domestic you will join a team responsible for defining and implementing the domestic… customer acquisition deals esp. if product customization is required Owns and effectively manages select external vendor relationships…  3.7Medical Case Manager Broadspire – Plantation, FL Est. Salary $51k-$71kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Medical Case Manager at Broadspire in Plantation, FLThe median pay of $60k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $51k - $71k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 9 days ago 9d Demonstrates ability to meet administrative requirements, including productivity, time management and QA standards, with a minimum of supervisory… and quality assessment (QA) requirements to ensure a quality product. Reviews cases with supervisor monthly to evaluate files and…  4.2Product Manager Oasis Collections – Miami, FL Est. Salary $62k-$90kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Oasis Collections in Miami, FLThe median pay of $76k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $62k - $90k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 16 days ago 16d clubs and more. Oasis is seeking a ProductManager to help imagine and build product that will change the way people travel… ProductManager Location: Miami, FL Type: Full TimeMin. Experience: Mid Level + View details Founded in 2009, Oasis pioneered…  3.1Product Manager – Marketing Software Deluxe Corporation – Boca Raton, FL Est. Salary $95k-$137kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager – Marketing Software at Deluxe Corporation in Boca Raton, FLThe median pay of $116k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $95k - $137k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 4 days ago 4d 11334BR Description As a member of the Product Management team, the ProductManager is responsible for contributing to Datamyx… development and resource requirements. - Manage full product development life cycle, from idea generation, concept development, business…  3.5Product Manager (PRINT) Nuance – Sunrise, FL Est. Salary $71k-$104kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager (PRINT) at Nuance in Sunrise, FLThe median pay of $87k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $71k - $104k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW success of the product. The productmanager is considered the product evangelist and subject matter expert. Report product performance… : This ProductManager is a single contributor reporting to the Director of Product Management for Print Products. The Print…  3.1Product Surveillance Manager TechUSA – Fort Lauderdale, FL 12 days ago 12d timeline requirements. • Manage and provide product complaint KPI reports to Business Unit Management. Manage the complaint handling… processes. In conjunction with other functions, will manage and address potential product and safety issues through investigations and,…  3.4Product Delivery Manager e-Builder – Plantation, FL Est. Salary $86k-$137kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Delivery Manager at e-Builder in Plantation, FLThe median pay of $110k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $86k - $137k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 23 days ago 23dProduct Delivery Manager (Development Manager) Job Overview: Responsible for software development activities for product delivery… Position Manage teams with in-house and outsourced software engineers and software QA engineers working on product features and…  4.0Regional Product Marketing Manager- Data Center Microsoft – Fort Lauderdale, FL Est. Salary $85k-$118kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Regional Product Marketing Manager- Data Center at Microsoft in Fort Lauderdale, FLThe median pay of $100k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $85k - $118k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 15 days ago 15d Regional Product Marketing Manager- Data Center The Latin America Modern Datacenter Product Marketing Manager (PMM) is accountable… knowledge and product expertise to drive the relevant business and marketing planning. The Product Marketing Manager require strong…  2.0Product Development Specialist Wellnext – Sunrise, FL Est. Salary $29k-$80kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Development Specialist at Wellnext in Sunrise, FLThe median pay of $59k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $29k - $80k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW Process Limits for customer products. Responsible for assisting the Product Development Manager in the specification of raw… Pilot Batches. Other duties as assigned by the Product Development Manager. ?? ?? Apply to Join the Wellnext…  Impact Image Logo 4.4Marketing Manager of Promotional Products Impact Images International – Dania Beach, FL Est. Salary $47k-$77kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Marketing Manager of Promotional Products at Impact Image in Dania Beach, FLThe median pay of $62k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $47k - $77k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 7 days ago 7d Marketing Manager of Promotional Products Well established South Florida Ad Specialty dealership of almost 40 years, is seeking… : Researching and evaluating new product opportunities, demand for potential products, and customer needs and insights.…  2.4Product Owner - Client Experience TradeStation – Plantation, FL Est. Salary $86k-$129kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Owner - Client Experience at TradeStation in Plantation, FLThe median pay of $105k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $86k - $129k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 9 days ago 9d degree (Master's/MBA a plus) 3+ years' experience as a productmanager, preferably in the securities industry Reasonable experience… Product Owner - Client Experience Plantation, FL The Product Owner for Client Experience is responsible for working with… Product Manager in Plantation, FL JobsJob TitleEmployerLocationSalarySenior Product ManagerCitrixFort Lauderdale, FL $97k-$131kProduct Manager, Video DevicesMotorola SolutionsPlantation, FL $63k-$94kProduct ManagerCulver CareersFort Lauderdale, FLProduct ManagerMonster WorldwideWeston, FL $59k-$84kProduct ManagerScanSource, Inc.Miami, FL $37k-$56kProduct ManagerPROTECHBoca Raton, FL $57k-$85kSecurity Product ManagerCitrixFort Lauderdale, FL $69k-$101kProduct Manager - OperationsTradeStationPlantation, FL $99k-$142kProduct Quality ManagerMagic Leap, Inc.Fort Lauderdale, FL $109k-$170kProduct ManagerCyberCodersBoca Raton, FLProduct Management DirectorOctagon Technology StaffingFort Lauderdale, FL $87k-$118kProduct ManagerHill-RomMiami, FL $83k-$121kSoftware Quality Assurance ManagerGlobal Eagle EntertainmentMiramar, FL $51k-$80kProduct Manager - Brokerage OperationsTradeStationPlantation, FL $99k-$142kProduct Marketing ManagerMicrosoftFort Lauderdale, FL $85k-$118keBay Product ManagerAAAA World, IncHollywood, FL $63k-$118kProduct ManagerLexisNexisBoca Raton, FL $69k-$99kArchitecture Team New Products ManagerMotorola SolutionsPlantation, FL $64k-$94kManager of Product Management, Brand DevelopmentChewyFort Lauderdale, FL $82k-$117kProduct Delivery ManagerE-Builder, Inc.Plantation, FL $45k-$75kProduct Manager, DomesticDHL GlobalWeston, FL $60k-$90kMedical Case ManagerBroadspirePlantation, FL $51k-$71kProduct ManagerOasis CollectionsMiami, FL $62k-$90kProduct Manager – Marketing SoftwareDeluxe CorporationBoca Raton, FL $95k-$137kProduct Manager (PRINT)NuanceSunrise, FL $71k-$104kProduct Surveillance ManagerTechUSAFort Lauderdale, FLProduct Delivery Managere-BuilderPlantation, FL $86k-$137kRegional Product Marketing Manager- Data CenterMicrosoftFort Lauderdale, FL $85k-$118kProduct Development SpecialistWellnextSunrise, FL $29k-$80kMarketing Manager of Promotional ProductsImpact Images InternationalDania Beach, FL $47k-$77kProduct Owner - Client ExperienceTradeStationPlantation, FL $86k-$129k Page 1 of 84Previous12345NextEmail AddressCreate AlertPlease check your email to activate the job alert.Goto EmailPeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Cities for Product Manager:&nbsp Miami, Fort Lauderdale, Boca Raton, Sunrise, Pompano Beach, Hollywood, Plantation, Coral Springs, Pembroke Pines, Miramar Top Companies for product manager in Plantation, FL:&nbsp Citrix, Motorola Solutions, CulverCareers, Monster Worldwide, ScanSource, PROTECH, TradeStation, Magic Leap, CyberCoders, Octagon Technology StaffingPeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Cities for Product Manager:&nbsp Miami, Fort Lauderdale, Boca Raton, Sunrise, Pompano Beach, Hollywood, Plantation, Coral Springs, Pembroke Pines, Miramar Top Companies for product manager in Plantation, FL:&nbsp Citrix, Motorola Solutions, CulverCareers, Monster Worldwide, ScanSource, PROTECH, TradeStation, Magic Leap, CyberCoders, Octagon Technology Staffing Product Manager Jobs in Plantationnum of numClose (Esc) Email me jobs for:Your Job Alert was created!Taking you to the job you clicked earlier...Enter companyEnter job titleeditEnter locationEnter your email addressCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailCloseCreate a Job AlertStay on top of newest jobs for this search by email. Cancel anytime.Create AlertCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailYour job alert has been created.Create more job alerts for related jobs with one click:CloseGlassdoor Estimated Salary What is this? This is Glassdoor's estimate of the base salary range for this job. It is not necessarily endorsed by the employer and actual compensation may vary based on your experience. How is it calculated? To compute these estimates, we look at job-specific and company-specific attributes from the millions of salaries contributed by the Glassdoor community. There is ongoing community feedback which further refines our calculations. How is this helpful? You, as a job seeker, know what salary range you can expect to get for this job. And you can filter jobs by your desired salary too!


Motorola Solutions - Wikipedia





















 






Motorola Solutions

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Motorola Solutions, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: MSI
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Telecommunications equipment


Predecessor
Motorola, Inc.


Founded
January 4, 2011; 6 years ago (January 4, 2011)


Headquarters
Chicago, Illinois, U.S.



Key people

Greg Brown (Chairman and CEO)


Products
Two-way radios, radio systems, managed services and smart public safety applications


Revenue
 US$6.04 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$1.06 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$560 million (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$8.46 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$-964 million (2016)[1]



Number of employees

14,000 (2016)[2]


Website
www.motorolasolutions.com


Motorola Solutions, Inc. is an American data communications and telecommunications equipment provider that succeeded Motorola, Inc., following the spinoff of the mobile phone division into Motorola Mobility in 2011. The company is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.[3]



Contents


1 History
2 Summary
3 See also
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Main article: Motorola




Motorola Solutions acquired British public safety radio network, Airwave Solutions, in December 2015


Motorola Solutions began trading as a separate independent company on January 4, 2011, under the NYSE symbol "MSI".[2] It is the legal successor of the old Motorola, Inc.; the transaction was structured so the old Motorola changed its name to Motorola Solutions and spun off Motorola Mobility as a separate company. Motorola Solutions retains the old Motorola's pre-2011 stock price history, though the old Motorola's ticker symbol of "MOT" was retired.
After the split, Motorola Solutions comprised the previous Government and Public Safety division of Motorola Inc. (founded in 1928), the enterprise mobility division, and the cellular infrastructure group.
Motorola Solutions sold the cellular infrastructure business to Nokia Siemens Networks. The acquisition, which was originally announced in July 2010, was completed on April 29, 2011 for $975 million in cash.[4] As part of the transaction approximately 6,900 employees transferred to Nokia Siemens Networks. In the former Motorola parent company, it was the second largest division based on revenue.
On October 27, 2014, Motorola Solutions sold its Enterprise business to Zebra Technologies for $3.45 billion in cash.[5] As part of the sale, approximately 4,500 Motorola Solutions employees from locations throughout the world were transferred to Zebra. A large majority of this business was what was formerly Symbol Technologies, which Motorola, Inc. acquired in 2007.
In August, 2015, the company received a $1bn investment from Silver Lake Partners the technology specialized Private Equity firm[6] enabling a stock buyback and providing Silver Lake with two board seats. In the Q3 earnings call, Greg Brown described the private equity firms as "operationally connected into the business in a pretty seamless way", "partnering around managed and support services, as well as public, smart public safety and specifically some of the software areas. There is also an initiative we are launching with them around cost of goods, or what I would call above gross margin, both product and services".[7]
In December, 2015, the company announced that it would acquire Airwave Solutions, the UK based operator of the British public safety radio network servicing the police, fire and ambulance services across England, Scotland and Wales.[8] The company completed the acquisition on February 19, 2016. [9]
Summary[edit]
The company produces and sells communications products and services to public safety and government agencies (law enforcement, fire, emergency medical services, and national government security) as well as private entities including utilities, mining, energy, manufacturing, hospitality, retail, transportation and logistics.
See also[edit]

Astro (Motorola)
Dimetra

References[edit]


^ a b c d e "Motorola Solutions Inc 2015 Annual Report Form (10-K)". EDGAR. United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 27, 2016. Retrieved December 21, 2015. 
^ a b "2016 Form 10-K, Motorola Solutions, Inc.". United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/ct-motorola-solutions-chicago-jobs-0916-biz-20150915-story.html
^ "Nokia Siemens Networks completes acquisition of certain wireless network infrastructure assets of Motorola Solutions". newsroom.motorolasolutions.com. Retrieved 2016-06-03. 
^ "Zebra Technologies Completes Acquisition of Motorola Solutions’ Enterprise Business". MotorolaSolutions.com. Retrieved 2014-10-27. 
^ "Motorola Solutions gets $1B investment 'accelerant'". 
^ "MSI earnings conference call or presentation 4-Nov-15 1:30pm GMT". 
^ "Motorola Solutions to acquire UK-based Airwave for $1.2 billion". 
^ "Motorola Solutions Completes Acquisition of Airwave". 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Motorola Solutions: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



A short history timeline archived







v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecommunications Corporation

China Telecom


China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Motorola



People



Paul V. Galvin
Sanjay Jha





Subsidiaries and spinoffs



Motorola Mobility (spinoff)
Freescale Semiconductor (spinoff)
ON Semiconductor (spinoff)
Iridium Communications (spinoff)
Motorola Solutions (subsidiary)
Sendo (acquisition)





Technologies



FLEX
iDEN
iTap
MOTO Talk
Motorola phone AT commands
PowerSource
SCREEN3





Consortia



88open
Advanced Digital Radio Testing Service
Motorola University





Related



List of semiconductor fabrication plants
Motorola affair
Motorola Mobility v. Apple Inc.










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Motorola_Solutions&oldid=776027605"					
Categories: Motorola2011 establishments in IllinoisAmerican companies established in 2011Companies based in Cook County, IllinoisCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeNetworking companies of the United StatesRadio-frequency identification companiesSchaumburg, IllinoisSilver Lake Partners companiesTelecommunications companies established in 2011Telecommunications equipment vendorsHidden categories: Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어LatviešuമലയാളംNederlands日本語PolskiРусскийSuomiSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 April 2017, at 14:58.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Motorola Solutions - Wikipedia





















 






Motorola Solutions

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Motorola Solutions, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: MSI
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Telecommunications equipment


Predecessor
Motorola, Inc.


Founded
January 4, 2011; 6 years ago (January 4, 2011)


Headquarters
Chicago, Illinois, U.S.



Key people

Greg Brown (Chairman and CEO)


Products
Two-way radios, radio systems, managed services and smart public safety applications


Revenue
 US$6.04 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$1.06 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$560 million (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$8.46 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$-964 million (2016)[1]



Number of employees

14,000 (2016)[2]


Website
www.motorolasolutions.com


Motorola Solutions, Inc. is an American data communications and telecommunications equipment provider that succeeded Motorola, Inc., following the spinoff of the mobile phone division into Motorola Mobility in 2011. The company is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.[3]



Contents


1 History
2 Summary
3 See also
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Main article: Motorola




Motorola Solutions acquired British public safety radio network, Airwave Solutions, in December 2015


Motorola Solutions began trading as a separate independent company on January 4, 2011, under the NYSE symbol "MSI".[2] It is the legal successor of the old Motorola, Inc.; the transaction was structured so the old Motorola changed its name to Motorola Solutions and spun off Motorola Mobility as a separate company. Motorola Solutions retains the old Motorola's pre-2011 stock price history, though the old Motorola's ticker symbol of "MOT" was retired.
After the split, Motorola Solutions comprised the previous Government and Public Safety division of Motorola Inc. (founded in 1928), the enterprise mobility division, and the cellular infrastructure group.
Motorola Solutions sold the cellular infrastructure business to Nokia Siemens Networks. The acquisition, which was originally announced in July 2010, was completed on April 29, 2011 for $975 million in cash.[4] As part of the transaction approximately 6,900 employees transferred to Nokia Siemens Networks. In the former Motorola parent company, it was the second largest division based on revenue.
On October 27, 2014, Motorola Solutions sold its Enterprise business to Zebra Technologies for $3.45 billion in cash.[5] As part of the sale, approximately 4,500 Motorola Solutions employees from locations throughout the world were transferred to Zebra. A large majority of this business was what was formerly Symbol Technologies, which Motorola, Inc. acquired in 2007.
In August, 2015, the company received a $1bn investment from Silver Lake Partners the technology specialized Private Equity firm[6] enabling a stock buyback and providing Silver Lake with two board seats. In the Q3 earnings call, Greg Brown described the private equity firms as "operationally connected into the business in a pretty seamless way", "partnering around managed and support services, as well as public, smart public safety and specifically some of the software areas. There is also an initiative we are launching with them around cost of goods, or what I would call above gross margin, both product and services".[7]
In December, 2015, the company announced that it would acquire Airwave Solutions, the UK based operator of the British public safety radio network servicing the police, fire and ambulance services across England, Scotland and Wales.[8] The company completed the acquisition on February 19, 2016. [9]
Summary[edit]
The company produces and sells communications products and services to public safety and government agencies (law enforcement, fire, emergency medical services, and national government security) as well as private entities including utilities, mining, energy, manufacturing, hospitality, retail, transportation and logistics.
See also[edit]

Astro (Motorola)
Dimetra

References[edit]


^ a b c d e "Motorola Solutions Inc 2015 Annual Report Form (10-K)". EDGAR. United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 27, 2016. Retrieved December 21, 2015. 
^ a b "2016 Form 10-K, Motorola Solutions, Inc.". United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/ct-motorola-solutions-chicago-jobs-0916-biz-20150915-story.html
^ "Nokia Siemens Networks completes acquisition of certain wireless network infrastructure assets of Motorola Solutions". newsroom.motorolasolutions.com. Retrieved 2016-06-03. 
^ "Zebra Technologies Completes Acquisition of Motorola Solutions’ Enterprise Business". MotorolaSolutions.com. Retrieved 2014-10-27. 
^ "Motorola Solutions gets $1B investment 'accelerant'". 
^ "MSI earnings conference call or presentation 4-Nov-15 1:30pm GMT". 
^ "Motorola Solutions to acquire UK-based Airwave for $1.2 billion". 
^ "Motorola Solutions Completes Acquisition of Airwave". 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Motorola Solutions: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



A short history timeline archived







v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecommunications Corporation

China Telecom


China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Motorola



People



Paul V. Galvin
Sanjay Jha





Subsidiaries and spinoffs



Motorola Mobility (spinoff)
Freescale Semiconductor (spinoff)
ON Semiconductor (spinoff)
Iridium Communications (spinoff)
Motorola Solutions (subsidiary)
Sendo (acquisition)





Technologies



FLEX
iDEN
iTap
MOTO Talk
Motorola phone AT commands
PowerSource
SCREEN3





Consortia



88open
Advanced Digital Radio Testing Service
Motorola University





Related



List of semiconductor fabrication plants
Motorola affair
Motorola Mobility v. Apple Inc.










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Motorola_Solutions&oldid=776027605"					
Categories: Motorola2011 establishments in IllinoisAmerican companies established in 2011Companies based in Cook County, IllinoisCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeNetworking companies of the United StatesRadio-frequency identification companiesSchaumburg, IllinoisSilver Lake Partners companiesTelecommunications companies established in 2011Telecommunications equipment vendorsHidden categories: Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어LatviešuമലയാളംNederlands日本語PolskiРусскийSuomiSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 April 2017, at 14:58.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Motorola Solutions - Wikipedia





















 






Motorola Solutions

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Motorola Solutions, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: MSI
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Telecommunications equipment


Predecessor
Motorola, Inc.


Founded
January 4, 2011; 6 years ago (January 4, 2011)


Headquarters
Chicago, Illinois, U.S.



Key people

Greg Brown (Chairman and CEO)


Products
Two-way radios, radio systems, managed services and smart public safety applications


Revenue
 US$6.04 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$1.06 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$560 million (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$8.46 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$-964 million (2016)[1]



Number of employees

14,000 (2016)[2]


Website
www.motorolasolutions.com


Motorola Solutions, Inc. is an American data communications and telecommunications equipment provider that succeeded Motorola, Inc., following the spinoff of the mobile phone division into Motorola Mobility in 2011. The company is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.[3]



Contents


1 History
2 Summary
3 See also
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Main article: Motorola




Motorola Solutions acquired British public safety radio network, Airwave Solutions, in December 2015


Motorola Solutions began trading as a separate independent company on January 4, 2011, under the NYSE symbol "MSI".[2] It is the legal successor of the old Motorola, Inc.; the transaction was structured so the old Motorola changed its name to Motorola Solutions and spun off Motorola Mobility as a separate company. Motorola Solutions retains the old Motorola's pre-2011 stock price history, though the old Motorola's ticker symbol of "MOT" was retired.
After the split, Motorola Solutions comprised the previous Government and Public Safety division of Motorola Inc. (founded in 1928), the enterprise mobility division, and the cellular infrastructure group.
Motorola Solutions sold the cellular infrastructure business to Nokia Siemens Networks. The acquisition, which was originally announced in July 2010, was completed on April 29, 2011 for $975 million in cash.[4] As part of the transaction approximately 6,900 employees transferred to Nokia Siemens Networks. In the former Motorola parent company, it was the second largest division based on revenue.
On October 27, 2014, Motorola Solutions sold its Enterprise business to Zebra Technologies for $3.45 billion in cash.[5] As part of the sale, approximately 4,500 Motorola Solutions employees from locations throughout the world were transferred to Zebra. A large majority of this business was what was formerly Symbol Technologies, which Motorola, Inc. acquired in 2007.
In August, 2015, the company received a $1bn investment from Silver Lake Partners the technology specialized Private Equity firm[6] enabling a stock buyback and providing Silver Lake with two board seats. In the Q3 earnings call, Greg Brown described the private equity firms as "operationally connected into the business in a pretty seamless way", "partnering around managed and support services, as well as public, smart public safety and specifically some of the software areas. There is also an initiative we are launching with them around cost of goods, or what I would call above gross margin, both product and services".[7]
In December, 2015, the company announced that it would acquire Airwave Solutions, the UK based operator of the British public safety radio network servicing the police, fire and ambulance services across England, Scotland and Wales.[8] The company completed the acquisition on February 19, 2016. [9]
Summary[edit]
The company produces and sells communications products and services to public safety and government agencies (law enforcement, fire, emergency medical services, and national government security) as well as private entities including utilities, mining, energy, manufacturing, hospitality, retail, transportation and logistics.
See also[edit]

Astro (Motorola)
Dimetra

References[edit]


^ a b c d e "Motorola Solutions Inc 2015 Annual Report Form (10-K)". EDGAR. United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 27, 2016. Retrieved December 21, 2015. 
^ a b "2016 Form 10-K, Motorola Solutions, Inc.". United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/ct-motorola-solutions-chicago-jobs-0916-biz-20150915-story.html
^ "Nokia Siemens Networks completes acquisition of certain wireless network infrastructure assets of Motorola Solutions". newsroom.motorolasolutions.com. Retrieved 2016-06-03. 
^ "Zebra Technologies Completes Acquisition of Motorola Solutions’ Enterprise Business". MotorolaSolutions.com. Retrieved 2014-10-27. 
^ "Motorola Solutions gets $1B investment 'accelerant'". 
^ "MSI earnings conference call or presentation 4-Nov-15 1:30pm GMT". 
^ "Motorola Solutions to acquire UK-based Airwave for $1.2 billion". 
^ "Motorola Solutions Completes Acquisition of Airwave". 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Motorola Solutions: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



A short history timeline archived







v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecommunications Corporation

China Telecom


China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Motorola



People



Paul V. Galvin
Sanjay Jha





Subsidiaries and spinoffs



Motorola Mobility (spinoff)
Freescale Semiconductor (spinoff)
ON Semiconductor (spinoff)
Iridium Communications (spinoff)
Motorola Solutions (subsidiary)
Sendo (acquisition)





Technologies



FLEX
iDEN
iTap
MOTO Talk
Motorola phone AT commands
PowerSource
SCREEN3





Consortia



88open
Advanced Digital Radio Testing Service
Motorola University





Related



List of semiconductor fabrication plants
Motorola affair
Motorola Mobility v. Apple Inc.










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Motorola_Solutions&oldid=776027605"					
Categories: Motorola2011 establishments in IllinoisAmerican companies established in 2011Companies based in Cook County, IllinoisCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeNetworking companies of the United StatesRadio-frequency identification companiesSchaumburg, IllinoisSilver Lake Partners companiesTelecommunications companies established in 2011Telecommunications equipment vendorsHidden categories: Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어LatviešuമലയാളംNederlands日本語PolskiРусскийSuomiSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 April 2017, at 14:58.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 







Motorola Solutions, Inc. Product Manager Fort Lauderdale, FL Jobs | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Motorola Solutions, Inc. Product Manager Jobs in Fort Lauderdale, FLKeywordLocation JobsJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchAll Jobs (8)Create Job AlertMotorola Solutions, Inc. Product Manager Jobs in Fort Lauderdale, FLFilters JobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthSearch RadiusExact Location5 Miles10 Miles15 Miles25 Miles50 Miles100 Miles CompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upIndustryAll IndustriesTelecommunicationsComputer Software & Hardware Salary $40,000Salary$40k$136k Include jobs with no salary data MoreCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry LevelCityAll CitiesPlantationFort LauderdaleMiamiPembroke PinesMargateSunriseCompanyAll CompaniesConnect Tech Inc.Motorola Solutions, Inc.FiltersCancelApply FiltersFiltersClearFiltersJobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthSearch RadiusExact Location5 Miles10 Miles15 Miles25 Miles50 Miles100 MilesJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry Level $40,000Salary$40k$136k Include jobs with no salary dataCompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upIndustryAll IndustriesTelecommunicationsComputer Software & HardwareCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesCityAll CitiesPlantationFort LauderdaleMiamiPembroke PinesMargateSunriseCompanyAll CompaniesConnect Tech Inc.Motorola Solutions, Inc. 3.0Digital SOC Architect and Design Engineer - 657BR Tech-Connect – Fort Lauderdale, FLEASY APPLY Est. Salary $40k-$69kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Digital SOC Architect and Design Engineer - 657BR at Connect Tech in Fort Lauderdale, FLThe median pay of $54k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $40k - $69k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 28 days ago 28d common hardware platform ICs and modules to support MotorolaSolutions radio product groups. We architect, design, and deliver to production… MotorolaSolutions Overview On any given day, every moment matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, Motorola Solutions…  3.4Product Manager, Video Devices Motorola Solutions – Plantation, FL Est. Salary $63k-$94kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager, Video Devices at Motorola Solutions in Plantation, FLThe median pay of $78k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $63k - $94k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 5 days ago 5d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… Devices ProductManager will report to the Video Devices Category Manager and drive these strategies for video products by gathering…  3.4Architecture Team New Products Manager Motorola Solutions – Plantation, FL Est. Salary $64k-$94kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Architecture Team New Products Manager at Motorola Solutions in Plantation, FLThe median pay of $79k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $64k - $94k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 5 days ago 5d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… Description The MotorolaSolutions Devices Architecture Team designs world class end-to-end solutions for public safety, commercial…  3.4Engineering Project Lead - Custom Products Motorola Solutions – Plantation, FL 9 days ago 9d and small-scale production activities in the area of custom products. Your main tasks will be as the point-of-contact for customers… In this leadership role, you will manage multiple projects valued in the $500k to $5M range. You will coordinate a mix of engineering…  3.0Engineering Project Lead - CUstom Products - 566BR Tech-Connect – Plantation, FLEASY APPLY 8 days ago 8d to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions' innovations, products, and services play essential roles in people's… center within MotorolaSolutions. We specialize in proof-of-concept and low-volume advanced communications products for government…  3.4Software Test Manager Motorola Solutions – Plantation, FL Est. Salary $100k-$147kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Software Test Manager at Motorola Solutions in Plantation, FLThe median pay of $124k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $100k - $147k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 9 days ago 9d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… teams, project managers, productmanagers, hardware teams with the common goal to create the highest quality product. Job ID…  3.4Digital IC Design Engineer Motorola Solutions – Plantation, FL Est. Salary $115k-$131kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Digital IC Design Engineer at Motorola Solutions in Plantation, FLThe median pay of $123k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $115k - $131k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW common hardware platform ICs and modules to support MotorolaSolutions radio product groups. We architect, design, and deliver to production… matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people…  3.4Senior Account Manager Motorola Solutions – Plantation, FL 13 days ago 13d loyalty for MotorolaSolutions Proactively develop large project opportunities encompassing a wide range of products and services… matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… Product Manager in Fort Lauderdale, FL JobsJob TitleEmployerLocationSalaryDigital SOC Architect and Design Engineer - 657BRTech-ConnectFort Lauderdale, FL $40k-$69kProduct Manager, Video DevicesMotorola SolutionsPlantation, FL $63k-$94kArchitecture Team New Products ManagerMotorola SolutionsPlantation, FL $64k-$94kEngineering Project Lead - Custom ProductsMotorola SolutionsPlantation, FL $74k-$97kEngineering Project Lead - CUstom Products - 566BRTech-ConnectPlantation, FL $55k-$83kSoftware Test ManagerMotorola SolutionsPlantation, FL $100k-$147kDigital IC Design EngineerMotorola SolutionsPlantation, FL $115k-$131kSenior Account ManagerMotorola SolutionsPlantation, FL $61k-$102k Page 1 of 1Email AddressCreate AlertPlease check your email to activate the job alert.Goto EmailPeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Cities for Product Manager:&nbsp Plantation, Fort Lauderdale, Miami, Pembroke Pines, Margate, Sunrise Related Companies:&nbsp Connect Tech, Motorola SolutionsPeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Cities for Product Manager:&nbsp Plantation, Fort Lauderdale, Miami, Pembroke Pines, Margate, Sunrise Related Companies:&nbsp Connect Tech, Motorola Solutions Jobsnum of numClose (Esc) Email me jobs for:Your Job Alert was created!Taking you to the job you clicked earlier...Enter companyEnter job titleeditEnter locationEnter your email addressCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailCloseCreate a Job AlertStay on top of newest jobs for this search by email. Cancel anytime.Create AlertCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailYour job alert has been created.Create more job alerts for related jobs with one click:CloseGlassdoor Estimated Salary What is this? This is Glassdoor's estimate of the base salary range for this job. It is not necessarily endorsed by the employer and actual compensation may vary based on your experience. How is it calculated? To compute these estimates, we look at job-specific and company-specific attributes from the millions of salaries contributed by the Glassdoor community. There is ongoing community feedback which further refines our calculations. How is this helpful? You, as a job seeker, know what salary range you can expect to get for this job. And you can filter jobs by your desired salary too!
Product Manager Jobs | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Product Manager JobsKeywordLocation JobsJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchAll Jobs (148,704)Create Job AlertProduct Manager JobsFilters JobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry Level CompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesFiltersCancelApply FiltersFiltersClearFiltersJobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry LevelCompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employees 4.7Product Manager ThriveHive – Boston, MA Est. Salary $79k-$143kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at ThriveHive in Boston, MAThe median pay of $109k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $79k - $143k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW looking for: We are searching for an experienced ProductManager to join our Product Management team and help us continue to build… Canada. As a ProductManager at ThriveHive, you will be responsible for driving success across a set of products within our SaaS…  4.6Product Manager Facebook – Menlo Park, CA Est. Salary $128k-$182kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Facebook in Menlo Park, CAThe median pay of $154k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $128k - $182k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 14 days ago 14d getting started.Facebook ProductManagers work with teams of engineers and designers to build products. We are looking for extremely… extremely entrepreneurial ProductManagers to help innovate and execute product initiatives across the company. This position is…  2.7Product Manager SOTI – United States Est. Salary $68k-$98kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at SOTI in United StatesThe median pay of $82k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $68k - $98k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW SOTI is committed to providing its employees with endless possibilities; learning new things, working with the latest…  5.0Product Manager NoRedInk Corp. – San Francisco, CA Est. Salary $62k-$97kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at NoRedInk in San Francisco, CAThe median pay of $78k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $62k - $97k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 7 days ago 7d experienced ProductManager to lead the conceptualization, design, development, and release of our new features and products. In this… Responsibilities As a productmanager, you will... Build detailed specifications of new products and features, and break…  2.7Product Manager CSC – Overland Park, KS Est. Salary $88k-$126kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at CSC in Overland Park, KSThe median pay of $106k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $88k - $126k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 6 days ago 6d maintain competitiveness in the industry. Identifies additional product/services opportunities in client organization and follows up… employees to enhance their performance, development, and work product. Addresses performance issues and makes recommendations for…  3.4Product Manager SMG – Kansas City, MO Est. Salary $81k-$115kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Service Management Group in Kansas City, MOThe median pay of $98k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $81k - $115k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW successful ProductManager. Work directly with clients and internal teams to define to define client need, product functions… engineering teams. Manage external vendors who provide products or services which may be integrated with our own product offerings.… Product Manager Travelbank – San Francisco, CAEASY APPLY Est. Salary $94k-$167kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at TravelBank in San Francisco, CAThe median pay of $128k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $94k - $167k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 8 days ago 8d experience as a ProductManager demonstrating the ability to empathize with users and deliver amazing products. • Experience working… expense system that everyone loves, is looking for a talented ProductManager. We're disrupting the travel & expense software industry…  4.6Product Manager Conductor – New York, NY Est. Salary $54k-$88kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Conductor in New York, NYThe median pay of $70k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $54k - $88k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 8 days ago 8d As a ProductManager, you will join a growing team at the heart of product development, where you will design and collaborate… Responsibilities: Manage the iterative lifecycle of the product from market requirements to product release and adoption including…  4.5Product Manager Instructure – Salt Lake City, UT Est. Salary $77k-$110kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Instructure in Salt Lake City, UTThe median pay of $93k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $77k - $110k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 15 days ago 15d world. We are looking for a rockstar software ProductManager to join our Canvas Product Management team. In this position, you’ll… Collaborate with other product teams to provide consistent user experiences across all our educational products Collaborate with marketing…  3.0Product Manager Blue Microphones – Westlake Village, Los Angeles, CAEASY APPLY Est. Salary $57k-$83kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Blue Microphones in Westlake Village, Los Angeles, CAThe median pay of $70k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $57k - $83k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 24 days ago 24d new products – all the way from the high-level user experience down to the smallest details Lead and manage the product business… Blue Microphones is looking for a talented ProductManager for a direct hire full-time position. Recipient of the “Inc. 5000 Fastest-Growing…  4.2Product Manager 1-800 CONTACTS – Draper, UT Est. Salary $58k-$85kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at 1-800 CONTACTS in Draper, UTThe median pay of $71k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $58k - $85k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 9 days ago 9d Why you want this job We are seeking a ProductManager to help deliver world-class customer experiences through our digital… through personas, scenarios, and uses cases in product discovery. Partner in product discovery to derive requirements for approved…  3.5Product Manager NewsCred – New York, NY Est. Salary $79k-$117kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at NewsCred in New York, NYThe median pay of $96k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $79k - $117k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 5 days ago 5d ARE You are an experienced ProductManager with a passion for building innovative products. You have significant experience… QUALIFICATIONS At least 4-6 years as a productmanager in SaaS with measurable successes. Strong understanding of user experience design…  3.5Product Manager Marchex – Seattle, WA Est. Salary $69k-$96kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Marchex in Seattle, WAThe median pay of $82k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $69k - $96k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 11 days ago 11d driving product growth strategy for Marchex analytics product line? Marchex is looking for an exceptional ProductManager to drive… ProductManager Job Overview Do you like to pave new ground and take on business and product challenges where there is no pre-existing…  3.6Sales Product Manager WABCO – North Leeds, WI Est. Salary $64k-$89kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Sales Product Manager at WABCO in North Leeds, WIThe median pay of $76k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $64k - $89k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW The Sales ProductManager is the product owner and the specialist on a given portfolio for the product and its global markets… markets. The Sales ProductManager will be involved in: Developing strategies once they understand the geographical market…  3.9Product Manager RLI Corp – Peoria, IL Est. Salary $75k-$110kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at RLI in Peoria, ILThe median pay of $92k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $75k - $110k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 5 days ago 5d System Development and Testing, Reinsurance Procurement and New Product Offerings. Responsibilities also include auditing the field… management; Assist in the development and implementation of new product offerings, new forms or new programs; Assist the field in…  4.1Product Manager Glassdoor – Mill Valley, CA Est. Salary $117k-$162kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Glassdoor in Mill Valley, CAThe median pay of $138k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $117k - $162k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 9 days ago 9d looking for a ProductManager to join our B2B products team. You will have the opportunity to work on our flagship product for employers… every productmanager muscle you have and work with a world-class engineering team. Responsibilities Own the product roadmap…  4.2Product Manager Nexon M – Emeryville, CA Est. Salary $85k-$121kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Nexon M in Emeryville, CAThe median pay of $101k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $85k - $121k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 21 days ago 21d successful in meeting their target KPIs. ProductManagers will manage the entire life cycle of products and are expected to contribute to… mobile games published by Nexon M. ProductManagers own the success or failure of products in their entirety. They are responsible…  5.0Product Manager Ellevest – New York, NY Est. Salary $82k-$149kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Ellevest in New York, NYThe median pay of $113k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $82k - $149k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW About This Position The ProductManager will play a key role in creating new opportunities that will drive client growth. Candidates… position reports to the Chief Product Officer. Responsibilities: Drive the entire product lifecycle from conception, to…  4.1Product Manager Turnitin – Oakland, CA 7 days ago 7d experienced ProductManager to join our Product Management team at our Oakland, CA headquarters. As a Turnitin ProductManager, you will… improve our existing products and create new features with the help of our developers. Successful ProductManagers at Turnitin are…  2.8Growth Product Manager Munchery – San Francisco, CA Est. Salary $57k-$89kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Growth Product Manager at Munchery in San Francisco, CAThe median pay of $71k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $57k - $89k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW possible. About Team Munchery is looking for a Growth ProductManager to join our team. The right candidate will be passionate… Minimum of 5 years of experience in product management or product marketing on a consumer product Deep understanding of ecommerce…  3.6Product Marketing Manager Ginger.io – San Francisco, CA Est. Salary $64k-$101kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Marketing Manager at Ginger.io in San Francisco, CAThe median pay of $82k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $64k - $101k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW About the role The Product Marketing Manager is responsible for consumer and employer product marketing for Ginger.io. As… of the marketing team, the Product Marketing Manager works closely with our user acquisition, product, design and employer sales… Product Manager Shockwave Medical – Fremont, CAEASY APPLY Est. Salary $75k-$110kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Shockwave Medical in Fremont, CAThe median pay of $91k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $75k - $110k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 27 days ago 27d We are looking for a rockstar productmanager to lead the global launch of our flagship product and introduce Shockwave’s disruptive… cardiovascular applications. As a productmanager, you will drive the go-to-market strategy for new products in peripheral and coronary…  3.7Product Manager National Student Clearinghouse – Herndon, VA Est. Salary $83k-$130kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at National Student Clearinghouse in Herndon, VAThe median pay of $105k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $83k - $130k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 14 days ago 14d The ProductManager is responsible for supporting the vision, leadership and product market strategies of the Product Management… Number 17-0032 Post Date 5/23/2017 Title ProductManager Department Product Management Job Category Full Time Employee…  3.8Product Manager Sparta Systems – Hamilton, NJ Est. Salary $110k-$153kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Sparta Systems in Hamilton, NJThe median pay of $131k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $110k - $153k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 27 days ago 27d ‘owner’ of a product, service, or major program from the Sparta suite of products and services Define the product vision, definition… part of the Product Management team, you will actively participate in the collaborative effort of developing product strategy, competitive…  3.9Product Manager Digital Air Strike – Scottsdale, AZ Est. Salary $53k-$77kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Digital Air Strike in Scottsdale, AZThe median pay of $66k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $53k - $77k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 14 days ago 14d Digital Air Strike seeks a ProductManager to support the Product Development process. Utilizing agile software development methodologies… responsibilities Manage the overall success of the DAS platform and associated tools including product strategy, roadmap, design…  4.0Product Manager Radio Systems Corporation – United States Est. Salary $57k-$81kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Radio Systems Corporation in United StatesThe median pay of $69k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $57k - $81k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 8 days ago 8d sales teams and Category Managers Aid in communication as needed cross-departmentally to ensure product lines are reaching goals… of product– did it meet the goals set at the start? Management of product line Depth of knowledge about product line…  3.0Product Manager Helix Education – Englewood, CO Est. Salary $51k-$84kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Helix Education in Englewood, COThe median pay of $68k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $51k - $84k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 17 days ago 17d OVERVIEW: The ProductManager is responsible for full life cycle ownership over his/her respective product. This includes… Posted On07/06/2017 ProductManager CO - Denver, Englewood, CO, US Salary Range : Worker…  4.2Product Manager Beachfront Media – Ormond Beach, FL Est. Salary $56k-$95kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Beachfront Media in Ormond Beach, FLThe median pay of $76k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $56k - $95k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 24 days ago 24d advertising needs. As a Beachfront ProductManager, you will help shape the vision of all company products and help our customers deliver… quality product experiences that simplify video publishing and monetization Minimum Qualifications 3 years product management…  3.5Product Manager Gtreasury – Lake Zurich, IL Est. Salary $61k-$90kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Gtreasury in Lake Zurich, ILThe median pay of $75k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $61k - $90k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 22 days ago 22dProductManager The ProductManager, will guide a team that is charged with a product line contribution as a business unit.… profitability of existing products to developing new products for the company. This role will build products from existing ideas, and…  3.1Sr Product Manager Avalara – Durham, NC Est. Salary $83k-$113kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Sr Product Manager at Avalara in Durham, NCThe median pay of $98k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $83k - $113k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 6 days ago 6d We want to talk to you. Avalara’s Product Management team is looking for a superb product leader with a strong background in… own a family of products for managing compliance data. You will be responsible for solidifying Avalara’s product vision and building… Product Manager JobsJob TitleEmployerLocationSalaryProduct ManagerThriveHiveBoston, MA $79k-$143kProduct ManagerFacebookMenlo Park, CA $128k-$182kProduct ManagerSOTIUnited States $68k-$98kProduct ManagerNoRedInk Corp.San Francisco, CA $62k-$97kProduct ManagerCSCOverland Park, KS $88k-$126kProduct ManagerSMGKansas City, MO $81k-$115kProduct ManagerTravelbankSan Francisco, CA $94k-$167kProduct ManagerConductorNew York, NY $54k-$88kProduct ManagerInstructureSalt Lake City, UT $77k-$110kProduct ManagerBlue MicrophonesWestlake Village, Los Angeles, CA $57k-$83kProduct Manager1-800 CONTACTSDraper, UT $58k-$85kProduct ManagerNewsCredNew York, NY $79k-$117kProduct ManagerMarchexSeattle, WA $69k-$96kSales Product ManagerWABCONorth Leeds, WI $64k-$89kProduct ManagerRLI CorpPeoria, IL $75k-$110kProduct ManagerGlassdoorMill Valley, CA $117k-$162kProduct ManagerNexon MEmeryville, CA $85k-$121kProduct ManagerEllevestNew York, NY $82k-$149kProduct ManagerTurnitinOakland, CAGrowth Product ManagerMuncherySan Francisco, CA $57k-$89kProduct Marketing ManagerGinger.ioSan Francisco, CA $64k-$101kProduct ManagerShockwave MedicalFremont, CA $75k-$110kProduct ManagerNational Student ClearinghouseHerndon, VA $83k-$130kProduct ManagerSparta SystemsHamilton, NJ $110k-$153kProduct ManagerDigital Air StrikeScottsdale, AZ $53k-$77kProduct ManagerRadio Systems CorporationUnited States $57k-$81kProduct ManagerHelix EducationEnglewood, CO $51k-$84kProduct ManagerBeachfront MediaOrmond Beach, FL $56k-$95kProduct ManagerGtreasuryLake Zurich, IL $61k-$90kSr Product ManagerAvalaraDurham, NC $83k-$113k Page 1 of 4957Previous12345NextEmail AddressCreate AlertPlease check your email to activate the job alert.Goto EmailPeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Companies for product manager:&nbsp ThriveHive, Facebook, SOTI, NoRedInk, CSC, Service Management Group, TravelBank, Conductor, Instructure, Blue MicrophonesPeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Companies for product manager:&nbsp ThriveHive, Facebook, SOTI, NoRedInk, CSC, Service Management Group, TravelBank, Conductor, Instructure, Blue Microphones Product Manager Jobs Tip: Enter a locationSearch SuggestionsNew York, NYHouston, TXChicago, ILLos Angeles, CAAtlanta, GADallas, TXMiami, FLWashington, DCBoston, MASan Francisco, CAShow Morenum of numClose (Esc) Email me jobs for:Your Job Alert was created!Taking you to the job you clicked earlier...Enter companyEnter job titleeditEnter locationEnter your email addressCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailCloseCreate a Job AlertStay on top of newest jobs for this search by email. Cancel anytime.Create AlertCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailYour job alert has been created.Create more job alerts for related jobs with one click:CloseGlassdoor Estimated Salary What is this? This is Glassdoor's estimate of the base salary range for this job. It is not necessarily endorsed by the employer and actual compensation may vary based on your experience. How is it calculated? To compute these estimates, we look at job-specific and company-specific attributes from the millions of salaries contributed by the Glassdoor community. There is ongoing community feedback which further refines our calculations. How is this helpful? You, as a job seeker, know what salary range you can expect to get for this job. And you can filter jobs by your desired salary too!
Product Manager Jobs in Fort Lauderdale, FL | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Product Manager Jobs in Fort Lauderdale, FLKeywordLocation JobsJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchAll Jobs (2,608)Create Job AlertProduct Manager Jobs in Fort Lauderdale, FLFilters JobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthSearch RadiusExact Location5 Miles10 Miles15 Miles25 Miles50 Miles100 Miles CompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upIndustryAll IndustriesRecruiting & StaffingHealth Care & HospitalsBanking & Financial ServicesRestaurants & BarsManufacturingComputer Software & HardwareRetailAccounting & LegalMarketing & AdvertisingInformation TechnologyConstructionWholesaleArchitecture & Civil EngineeringInsuranceConsultingSupermarketsAutomotive Salary $12,000Salary$12k$264k Include jobs with no salary data MoreCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry LevelCityAll CitiesMiamiFort LauderdaleBoca RatonSunrisePompano BeachPlantationCoral SpringsHollywoodPembroke PinesMiramarCompanyAll CompaniesCheckers Drive-In Restaurants, Inc.Domino's Pizza, Inc.Hair CutteryDeloitte Dunkin' Donuts Northeast Distribution Center, Inc.Lids Sports GroupBank of America CorporationPapa John's Pizza IndiaThe Fresh Market, Inc.PETRO-TECH SERVICES, INC.Boston Market CorporationCitigroup Inc.Carlson RestaurantsKforce Inc.Dollar Tree, Inc.CitibankNewell BrandsRatner Companies, L.C.AutoNation, Inc.FiltersCancelApply FiltersFiltersClearFiltersJobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthSearch RadiusExact Location5 Miles10 Miles15 Miles25 Miles50 Miles100 MilesJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry Level $12,000Salary$12k$264k Include jobs with no salary dataCompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upIndustryAll IndustriesRecruiting & StaffingHealth Care & HospitalsBanking & Financial ServicesRestaurants & BarsManufacturingComputer Software & HardwareRetailAccounting & LegalMarketing & AdvertisingInformation TechnologyConstructionWholesaleArchitecture & Civil EngineeringInsuranceConsultingSupermarketsAutomotiveCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesCityAll CitiesMiamiFort LauderdaleBoca RatonSunrisePompano BeachPlantationCoral SpringsHollywoodPembroke PinesMiramarCompanyAll CompaniesCheckers Drive-In Restaurants, Inc.Domino's Pizza, Inc.Hair CutteryDeloitte Dunkin' Donuts Northeast Distribution Center, Inc.Lids Sports GroupBank of America CorporationPapa John's Pizza IndiaThe Fresh Market, Inc.PETRO-TECH SERVICES, INC.Boston Market CorporationCitigroup Inc.Carlson RestaurantsKforce Inc.Dollar Tree, Inc.CitibankNewell BrandsRatner Companies, L.C.AutoNation, Inc. 3.7Senior Product Manager Citrix – Fort Lauderdale, FL Est. Salary $97k-$131kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Product Manager at Citrix in Fort Lauderdale, FLThe median pay of $113k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $97k - $131k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 8 days ago 8d Requisition: R7507 Senior ProductManager (Open) Job Posting Title: Senior ProductManager Job Description:… success Manage the whole product life cycle from strategic planning to tactical activities Own the product P&L making sure…  4.3Product Manager Culver Careers – Fort Lauderdale, FL 8 days ago 8d Cutting Edge Medical Technology Company looking to hire a ProductManager . My client has for the last 20+ years been a part of a… roadmap of Product landscape in concert with R&D. Assists in managing the development of next generation products. Coordinates…  3.6Product Management Director Octagon Technology Staffing – Fort Lauderdale, FL Est. Salary $87k-$118kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Management Director at Octagon Technology Staffing in Fort Lauderdale, FLThe median pay of $101k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $87k - $118k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 28 days ago 28d years experience as a ProductManager for a software product (B2B or B2C) At least 2 years in Product leadership 3+ years experience… strategic direction, and product roadmap across the Connectik platform Build a strong team of ProductManagers Work with engineering…  4.0Product Marketing Manager Microsoft – Fort Lauderdale, FL Est. Salary $85k-$118kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Marketing Manager at Microsoft in Fort Lauderdale, FLThe median pay of $100k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $85k - $118k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW knowledge and product expertise to drive the relevant business and marketing planning. The Product Marketing Manager understands… delivers product and campaign feedback to the business. An essential aspect of the role of the Product Marketing Manager is to align…  3.7Product Quality Manager Magic Leap, Inc. – Fort Lauderdale, FL Est. Salary $109k-$170kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Quality Manager at Magic Leap in Fort Lauderdale, FLThe median pay of $137k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $109k - $170k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW processes at CM sites. Lead and manageproduct quality escalations. Serve as escalation point for product quality issues through development… succeed in this role. Responsibilities: Manage a team of lead/senior product quality engineers. Mentor and grow talent in…  3.7Security Product Manager Citrix – Fort Lauderdale, FL Est. Salary $69k-$101kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Security Product Manager at Citrix in Fort Lauderdale, FLThe median pay of $85k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $69k - $101k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 19 days ago 19d Security ProductManager (Open) Job Posting Title: Security ProductManager Job Description: Security Product Manager… locations. The Security ProductManager for XenApp and XenDesktop works with executives, sales, product management, marketing and…  3.2Product Manager Monster Worldwide – Weston, FL Est. Salary $59k-$84kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Monster Worldwide in Weston, FLThe median pay of $71k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $59k - $84k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 8 days ago 8d research, and use them to inform product development Manage release cycles across multiple products Job Requirements… and surpass 5 million users internationally.   As a ProductManager, you will be responsible for innovating and executing initiatives…  4.4Product Manager PROTECH – Boca Raton, FL Est. Salary $57k-$85kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at PROTECH in Boca Raton, FLThe median pay of $71k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $57k - $85k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 7 days ago 7d County. They are currently seeking a ProductManager who can support development of new product/services and enhancements in context… questions from groups of managers, clients, and internal customers * Knowledge of payment card product management or development…  3.2Manager of Product Management, Brand Development Chewy – Fort Lauderdale, FL Est. Salary $82k-$117kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Manager of Product Management, Brand Development at Chewy in Fort Lauderdale, FLThe median pay of $100k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $82k - $117k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 22 days ago 22d Our Opportunity: Chewy is currently recruiting for a Manager of Product Management in Brand Development in our Dania Beach, FL… and solid working knowledge of developing product and brand strategy, leading new product innovation, and analyzing business performance…  3.4Product Manager, Video Devices Motorola Solutions – Plantation, FL Est. Salary $63k-$94kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager, Video Devices at Motorola Solutions in Plantation, FLThe median pay of $78k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $63k - $94k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 5 days ago 5d Devices ProductManager will report to the Video Devices Category Manager and drive these strategies for video products by gathering… experience in Product Management / Product Planning / Product Marketing / Product Development of Commercial products Bachelor's…  3.3Product Manager ScanSource, Inc. – Miami, FL Est. Salary $37k-$56kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at ScanSource in Miami, FLThe median pay of $47k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $37k - $56k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEWProductManager Job Title: ProductManager Department: Merchandising FLSA Status: Exempt Summary… Summary: The ProductManager is responsible for the development and execution of vendor business plans to increase market share…  3.1Product Surveillance Manager TechUSA – Fort Lauderdale, FL 12 days ago 12d timeline requirements. • Manage and provide product complaint KPI reports to Business Unit Management. Manage the complaint handling… processes. In conjunction with other functions, will manage and address potential product and safety issues through investigations and,… Product Manager Benjamin Douglas Consulting – Miami, FL Est. Salary $63k-$118kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Benjamin Douglas in Miami, FLThe median pay of $89k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $63k - $118k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 25 days ago 25d -edge financial products to achieve our mission in transforming business financing Position: ProductManager The position… responsibility for product vision, overall strategy, roadmap, and will work closely with engineers and designers to build products that our…  3.7Sr. Engineering Program Manager (Product Development) Magic Leap, Inc. – Fort Lauderdale, FL Est. Salary $133k-$194kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Sr. Engineering Program Manager (Product Development) at Magic Leap in Fort Lauderdale, FLThe median pay of $160k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $133k - $194k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 25 days ago 25d for consumer electronic products for Magic Leap. Working in a startup environment, this Program Manager will lead marketing, optics… Implement and manage program changes. Ensure clear definition of advanced technology goals and that they meet marketing product expectations…  4.0Regional Product Marketing Manager- Data Center Microsoft – Fort Lauderdale, FL Est. Salary $85k-$118kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Regional Product Marketing Manager- Data Center at Microsoft in Fort Lauderdale, FLThe median pay of $100k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $85k - $118k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 15 days ago 15d Regional Product Marketing Manager- Data Center The Latin America Modern Datacenter Product Marketing Manager (PMM) is accountable… knowledge and product expertise to drive the relevant business and marketing planning. The Product Marketing Manager require strong…  4.0Product Manager CyberCoders – Boca Raton, FL 11 days ago 11d of 7/24/2017. Clinical Software ProductManager YOU ARE a passionate ProductManager with Clinical, healthcare, medical… SDLC So, if you are a ProductManager with experience, please apply today! Required Skills Product Management, Clinical…  3.7Support Services/ Critical Situation Manager Citrix – Fort Lauderdale, FL 13 days ago 13d processes with Product Management and Engineering regarding customers needs and experiences with Citrixs products. Provides ongoing… Critical Situation Manager (Open) Job Posting Title: Support Services/ Critical Situation Manager Job Description…  3.1Product Manager (Mobile Advertising) Kforce – Fort Lauderdale, FL 5 days ago 5d RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client seeking a ProductManager (Mobile Advertising) in Fort Lauderdale, Florida (FL).… customer's overall satisfaction with our products and services Feed into product roadmap any ideas, tools and processes that…  3.7Sr. Product Manager (Mixed Reality Web) Magic Leap, Inc. – Fort Lauderdale, FL Est. Salary $158k-$210kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Sr. Product Manager (Mixed Reality Web) at Magic Leap in Fort Lauderdale, FLThe median pay of $183k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $158k - $210k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 20 days ago 20d Job Description Magic Leap is seeking a Senior ProductManager with a passion for the web and a deep understanding of the… roadmap for the mixed reality web ecosystem as a product Work with product and engineering teams to develop a long-term vision…  4.0Business Development Project Manager JetSmarter – Fort Lauderdale, FL 6 days ago 6d JetSmarter is seeking an experienced project manager with applicable knowledge and skills in the organization, management,…  3.3Product Manager Hill-Rom – Miami, FL Est. Salary $83k-$121kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at Hill-Rom in Miami, FLThe median pay of $102k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $83k - $121k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 26 days ago 26d integrated product/service offerings and Connectivity solutions, articulating overall solution benefits and product positioning… physicians, nurses, biomedical engineers, procurement managers, IT, Mid-level Managers and C-Suite in Hospitals all over Latin America…  2.1Software Quality Assurance Manager Global Eagle Entertainment – Miramar, FL Est. Salary $51k-$80kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Software Quality Assurance Manager at Global Eagle Entertainment in Miramar, FLThe median pay of $64k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $51k - $80k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW PURPOSE: Under the guidance of the VP, Network and Product Development, the Manager of QA will be responsible of the managing the quality… , load and system tests Manage QA Team Responsible for validating the completeness of product deliverables Lead continuous…  no.logo.alteBay Product Manager AAAA World, Inc – Hollywood, FLEASY APPLY 13 days ago 13d eBay productManager AAAA world. Inc – Hollywood , FL 33020 A successful consumer electronic company seeks an online… professional to manage a well-developed eBay account. This is an online eBay account manager role that will manage the day-to-…  3.1Product Manager LexisNexis – Boca Raton, FL Est. Salary $69k-$99kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager at LexisNexis in Boca Raton, FLThe median pay of $84k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $69k - $99k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW and competitive comparison. Manage the ongoing life cycle responsibilities for business products Determine appearance and function… implement product vision, direction, and business plans, including product plans, product migration and evolution, and product life…  3.7New Product Development HVAC Manager Bosch – Fort Lauderdale, FL Est. Salary $65k-$87kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor New Product Development HVAC Manager at Robert Bosch LLC in Fort Lauderdale, FLThe median pay of $74k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $65k - $87k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 13 days ago 13d Leadership of new product development engineering team Product development roadmap creation and maintenance Manage and lead team… team of engineers and CAD designers Knowledge leader in product development and advanced technologies Maneuver team and…  3.5Sr Credit Products Officer Bank of America – Fort Lauderdale, FL 4 days ago 4d SCPO reports to the Credit ProductsManager (CPM) and will be aligned with the Relationship Manager(s) and Portfolio Management… specific criteria and is made at the discretion of the Credit ProductsManager (CPM) in consultation with the Market Executive (ME). The…  3.5Product Manager (PRINT) Nuance – Sunrise, FL Est. Salary $71k-$104kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager (PRINT) at Nuance in Sunrise, FLThe median pay of $87k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $71k - $104k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW success of the product. The productmanager is considered the product evangelist and subject matter expert. Report product performance… : This ProductManager is a single contributor reporting to the Director of Product Management for Print Products. The Print…  3.7Networking Territory Manager Citrix – Fort Lauderdale, FL 6 days ago 6d R7823 Networking Territory Manager (Open) Job Posting Title: Networking Territory Manager Job Description: Primary… Apply a complete and thorough understanding of Citrix products, sales methodology, processes, prospecting techniques and customer…  3.2Store Manager Vitamin Shoppe – Fort Lauderdale, FL Est. Salary $35k-$51kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Store Manager at Vitamin Shoppe in Fort Lauderdale, FLThe median pay of $43k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $35k - $51k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 23 days ago 23d through product knowledge, merchandising, register functions, store cleanliness, and other related duties. The Store Manager leads… and needs. Use product information and available resources to educate customers and assist them in making product selections that…  3.7Software Defect Manager- Contractor Magic Leap, Inc. – Fort Lauderdale, FLNEW working with the leadership team, software engineers, productmanagers, and external vendors. Responsibilities: Support…  4.0Product Architect Akamai – Fort Lauderdale, FLNEW attacks. Can you lead mitigation product architecture alongside a diverse group of productmanagers, engineers, analysts and mitigation… automated weapons in the war against DDOS? Can you turn tools into products? If the intersection of Big/Fast Data and DDOS Mitigation… Product Manager in Fort Lauderdale, FL JobsJob TitleEmployerLocationSalarySenior Product ManagerCitrixFort Lauderdale, FL $97k-$131kProduct ManagerCulver CareersFort Lauderdale, FLProduct Management DirectorOctagon Technology StaffingFort Lauderdale, FL $87k-$118kProduct Marketing ManagerMicrosoftFort Lauderdale, FL $85k-$118kProduct Quality ManagerMagic Leap, Inc.Fort Lauderdale, FL $109k-$170kSecurity Product ManagerCitrixFort Lauderdale, FL $69k-$101kProduct ManagerMonster WorldwideWeston, FL $59k-$84kProduct ManagerPROTECHBoca Raton, FL $57k-$85kManager of Product Management, Brand DevelopmentChewyFort Lauderdale, FL $82k-$117kProduct Manager, Video DevicesMotorola SolutionsPlantation, FL $63k-$94kProduct ManagerScanSource, Inc.Miami, FL $37k-$56kProduct Surveillance ManagerTechUSAFort Lauderdale, FLProduct ManagerBenjamin Douglas ConsultingMiami, FL $63k-$118kSr. Engineering Program Manager (Product Development)Magic Leap, Inc.Fort Lauderdale, FL $133k-$194kRegional Product Marketing Manager- Data CenterMicrosoftFort Lauderdale, FL $85k-$118kProduct ManagerCyberCodersBoca Raton, FLSupport Services/ Critical Situation ManagerCitrixFort Lauderdale, FL $63k-$104kProduct Manager (Mobile Advertising)KforceFort Lauderdale, FLSr. Product Manager (Mixed Reality Web)Magic Leap, Inc.Fort Lauderdale, FL $158k-$210kBusiness Development Project ManagerJetSmarter Fort Lauderdale, FLProduct ManagerHill-RomMiami, FL $83k-$121kSoftware Quality Assurance ManagerGlobal Eagle EntertainmentMiramar, FL $51k-$80keBay Product ManagerAAAA World, IncHollywood, FL $63k-$118kProduct ManagerLexisNexisBoca Raton, FL $69k-$99kNew Product Development HVAC ManagerBoschFort Lauderdale, FL $65k-$87kSr Credit Products OfficerBank of AmericaFort Lauderdale, FL $43k-$68kProduct Manager (PRINT)NuanceSunrise, FL $71k-$104kNetworking Territory ManagerCitrixFort Lauderdale, FL $33k-$56kStore ManagerVitamin ShoppeFort Lauderdale, FL $35k-$51kSoftware Defect Manager- ContractorMagic Leap, Inc.Fort Lauderdale, FL $113k-$144kProduct ArchitectAkamaiFort Lauderdale, FL $114k-$153k Page 1 of 85Previous12345NextEmail AddressCreate AlertPlease check your email to activate the job alert.Goto EmailPeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Cities for Product Manager:&nbsp Miami, Fort Lauderdale, Boca Raton, Sunrise, Pompano Beach, Plantation, Coral Springs, Hollywood, Pembroke Pines, Miramar Top Companies for product manager in Fort Lauderdale, FL:&nbsp Citrix, CulverCareers, Octagon Technology Staffing, Microsoft, Magic Leap, Monster Worldwide, PROTECH, Chewy, Motorola Solutions, ScanSourcePeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Cities for Product Manager:&nbsp Miami, Fort Lauderdale, Boca Raton, Sunrise, Pompano Beach, Plantation, Coral Springs, Hollywood, Pembroke Pines, Miramar Top Companies for product manager in Fort Lauderdale, FL:&nbsp Citrix, CulverCareers, Octagon Technology Staffing, Microsoft, Magic Leap, Monster Worldwide, PROTECH, Chewy, Motorola Solutions, ScanSource Product Manager Jobs in Fort Lauderdalenum of numClose (Esc) Email me jobs for:Your Job Alert was created!Taking you to the job you clicked earlier...Enter companyEnter job titleeditEnter locationEnter your email addressCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailCloseCreate a Job AlertStay on top of newest jobs for this search by email. Cancel anytime.Create AlertCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailYour job alert has been created.Create more job alerts for related jobs with one click:CloseGlassdoor Estimated Salary What is this? This is Glassdoor's estimate of the base salary range for this job. It is not necessarily endorsed by the employer and actual compensation may vary based on your experience. How is it calculated? To compute these estimates, we look at job-specific and company-specific attributes from the millions of salaries contributed by the Glassdoor community. There is ongoing community feedback which further refines our calculations. How is this helpful? You, as a job seeker, know what salary range you can expect to get for this job. And you can filter jobs by your desired salary too!


Motorola - Wikipedia





















 






Motorola

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Motorola (disambiguation).

Motorola, Inc.





Type

Public


Industry
Telecommunications


Fate
Divided into Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions


Successor
Motorola Mobility
Motorola Solutions
Freescale Semiconductor
ON Semiconductor
Arris Group (General Instrument)
Cambium Networks


Founded
September 25, 1928; 88 years ago (1928-09-25) (as the Galvin Manufacturing Corporation)


Headquarters
1303 East Algonquin Road,[1] Schaumburg, Illinois, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide


Products
Tablet computers
Mobile phones
Smartphones
Two-way radios
Networking systems
Cable television systems
Wireless broadband networks
RFID systems
Mobile telephone infrastructure


Total assets



 US$ 11.851 billion (2013)[2]
 US$ 12.679 billion (2012)[2]






Number of employees

40,000 (2014)[3]


Divisions
Mobile Phone Devices
Connected Home Solutions
Network Home Solutions


Website
www.motorola.com


Motorola, Inc. (/ˌmoʊtəˈroʊlə/[4]) was an American multinational telecommunications company founded on September 25, 1928, based in Schaumburg, Illinois. After having lost $4.3 billion from 2007 to 2009, the company was divided into two independent public companies, Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions on January 4, 2011.[5] Motorola Solutions is generally considered to be the direct successor to Motorola, as the reorganization was structured with Motorola Mobility being spun off.[6] Motorola Mobility was acquired by Lenovo in 2014.[7]
Motorola designed and sold wireless network equipment such as cellular transmission base stations and signal amplifiers. Motorola's home and broadcast network products included set-top boxes, digital video recorders, and network equipment used to enable video broadcasting, computer telephony, and high-definition television. Its business and government customers consisted mainly of wireless voice and broadband systems (used to build private networks), and public safety communications systems like Astro and Dimetra. These businesses (except for set-top boxes and cable modems) are now part of Motorola Solutions. Google sold Motorola Home (the former General Instrument cable businesses) to the Arris Group in December 2012 for US$2.35 billion.[8]
Motorola's wireless telephone handset division was a pioneer in cellular telephones. Also known as the Personal Communication Sector (PCS) prior to 2004, it pioneered the "mobile phone" with DynaTAC, "flip phone" with the MicroTAC as well as the "clam phone" with the StarTAC in the mid-1990s. It had staged a resurgence by the mid-2000s with the Razr, but lost market share in the second half of that decade. Later it focused on smartphones using Google's open-source Android mobile operating system. The first phone to use the newest version of Google's open source OS, Android 2.0, was released on November 2, 2009 as the Motorola Droid (the GSM version launched a month later, in Europe, as the Motorola Milestone).
The handset division (along with cable set-top boxes and cable modems) was later spun off into the independent Motorola Mobility. On May 22, 2012, Google CEO Larry Page announced that Google had closed on its deal to acquire Motorola Mobility.[9] On January 29, 2014, Page announced that pending closure of the deal, Motorola Mobility would be acquired by Chinese technology company Lenovo for US$2.91 billion (subject to certain adjustments).[10] On October 30, 2014, Lenovo finalized its purchase of Motorola Mobility from Google.[11]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Post World War II
1.2 Motorola, post-split


2 Finances
3 Spin-offs

3.1 Television and radio manufacturing
3.2 Iridium
3.3 Government and defense
3.4 Semiconductor
3.5 Automotive
3.6 Biometrics
3.7 Split

3.7.1 Motorola Mobility deal by Google
3.7.2 Motorola Mobility (Google) deal by Lenovo


3.8 Canopy and Orthogon


4 Quality systems
5 Environmental record
6 Sponsorships
7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]




Local branch in Glostrup, Denmark


Motorola started in Chicago, Illinois, as Galvin Manufacturing Corporation (at 847 West Harrison Street)[12] in 1928 when brothers, Paul V. and Joseph E. Galvin,[13][14] purchased the bankrupt Stewart Battery Company's battery-eliminator plans and manufacturing equipment at auction for $750. Galvin Manufacturing Corporation set up shop in a small section of a rented building. The company had $565 in working capital and five employees. The first week's payroll was $63.
The company's first products were battery-eliminators, devices that enabled battery-powered radios to operate on household electricity. Due to advances in radio technology, battery-eliminators soon became obsolete. Paul Galvin learned that some radio technicians were installing sets in cars, and challenged his engineers to design an inexpensive car radio that could be installed in most vehicles. His team was successful, and Galvin was able to demonstrate a working model of the radio at the June 1930 Radio Manufacturers Association convention in Atlantic City, New Jersey. He brought home enough orders to keep the company in business.
Paul Galvin wanted a brand name for Galvin Manufacturing Corporation's new car radio, and created the name “Motorola” by linking "motor" (for motorcar) with "ola" (from Victrola), which was also a popular ending for many companies at the time, e.g. Moviola, Crayola.[15] The company sold its first Motorola branded radio on June 23, 1930, to H.C. Wall of Fort Wayne, Indiana, for $30. The Motorola brand name became so well-known that Galvin Manufacturing Corporation later changed its name to Motorola, Inc.[16]
Galvin Manufacturing Corporation began selling Motorola car-radio receivers to police departments and municipalities in November 1930. The company's first public safety customers (all in the U.S. state of Illinois) included the Village of River Forest, Village of Bellwood Police Department, City of Evanston Police, Illinois State Highway Police, and Cook County (Chicago area) Police.[17]
Many of Motorola's products have been radio-related, starting with a battery eliminator for radios, through the first hand-held walkie-talkie in the world in 1940,[18] defense electronics, cellular infrastructure equipment, and mobile phone manufacturing. In the same year, the company built its research and development program with Dan Noble, a pioneer in FM radio and semiconductor technologies, who joined the company as director of research. The company produced the hand-held AM SCR-536 radio during World War II, which was vital to Allied communication. Motorola ranked 94th among United States corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts.[19]
Motorola went public in 1943,[20] and became Motorola, Inc. in 1947. At that time Motorola's main business was producing and selling televisions and radios.
Post World War II[edit]




Motorola vacuum tube carton




Play media


An advertisement for Motorola televisions from 1951.


In October 1946 Motorola communications equipment carried the first calls on Illinois Bell telephone company's new car radiotelephone service in Chicago. The company began making televisions in 1947, with the model VT-71 with 7-inch cathode ray tube. In 1952 Motorola opened its first international subsidiary in Toronto, Canada to produce radios and televisions. In 1953, the company established the Motorola Foundation to support leading universities in the United States.
In 1955, years after Motorola started its research and development laboratory in Phoenix, Arizona, to research new solid-state technology, Motorola introduced the world's first commercial high-power germanium-based transistor. The present "batwing" logo was also introduced in 1955 (having been created by award-winning Chicago graphic designer Morton Goldsholl in late 1954).
Beginning in 1958, with Explorer 1 Motorola provided radio equipment for most NASA space-flights for decades, including during the 1969 moon landing. A year later it established a subsidiary to conduct licensing and manufacturing for international markets. Motorola created numerous products for use by the government, public safety officials, business installments, and the general public. These products included cell phones, laptops, computer processors, and radio communication devices.
In 1960, it introduced the world's first large-screen portable (19-inch), transistorized, cordless television. According to the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), Motorola had 14,000 employees worldwide of which at least 5,823 employees in 6 plants were located in Illinois. The company headquarters were at 9401 West Grand Avenue in Franklin Park and it listed TV receivers, Stereo-Hi Fi equipment as the products at this plant made by 1,700 employees. The Communications Division was in Chicago at 4545 West Augusta Blvd. where 2,000 employees made electronic communications equipment. The Military Electronics Division was at 1450 North Cicero Avenue, Chicago where 923 employees made microwave and industrial equipment. Two more Chicago locations were listed at 4900 West Flourney Street and at 650 North Pulaski but no employee count was listed for these. The last plant was listed in Quincy, Illinois at 1400 North 30th Street where 1,200 employees made radio assemblies for both home and automobile.[21]
In 1963, it introduced the first rectangular color picture tube. In 1964, the company opened its first Research and development branch outside of the United States, in Israel, under the management of Moses Basin. The modular Quasar brand was introduced in 1967.
In 1969, Neil Armstrong spoke the famous words "one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind" from the Moon on a Motorola transceiver.[22]
In 1973, Motorola demonstrated the first hand-held portable telephone.[23]
In 1974, Motorola introduced its first microprocessor, the 8-bit MC6800, used in automotive, computing and video game applications.[24] That same year, Motorola sold its television business to the Japan-based Matsushita - the parent company of Panasonic.
In 1976, Motorola moved its headquarters to the Chicago suburb of Schaumburg, Illinois.
In 1980, Motorola’s next generation 32-bit microprocessor, the MC68000, led the wave of technologies that spurred the computing revolution in 1984, powering devices from companies such as Apple, Commodore, Atari, Sun, and Hewlett Packard.[25]




Dr. Martin Cooper of Motorola made the first private handheld mobile phone call on a larger prototype model in 1973. This is a reenactment in 2007.


In September 1983, the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) approved the DynaTAC 8000X telephone, the world's first commercial cellular device. By 1998, cellphones accounted for two thirds of Motorola's gross revenue.[26] The company was also strong in semiconductor technology, including integrated circuits used in computers. In particular, it is known for the 6800 family and 68000 family of microprocessors and related peripheral ICs; the processors were used in Atari ST, Commodore Amiga, Color Computer, and Apple Macintosh personal computers and in the early HP laser printers, and some 6800-family peripheral devices were used in the IBM PC series of personal computers.[27] The PowerPC family was developed with IBM and in a partnership with Apple (known as the AIM alliance). Motorola also has a diverse line of communication products, including satellite systems, digital cable boxes and modems.
In 1986, Motorola invented the Six Sigma quality improvement process. This became a global standard. In 1990 General Instrument Corporation, which was later acquired by Motorola, proposed the first all-digital HDTV standard. In the same year the company introduced the Bravo numeric pager which became the world's best-selling pager.
In 1991, Motorola demonstrated the world's first working-prototype digital cellular system and phones using GSM standard in Hanover, Germany. In 1994, Motorola introduced the world's first commercial digital radio system that combined paging, data and cellular communications and voice dispatch in a single radio network and handset. In 1995, Motorola introduced the world's first two-way pager which allowed users to receive text messages and e-mail and reply with a standard response.
In 1998, Motorola was overtaken by Nokia as the world's biggest seller of mobile phone handsets.[22]
On September 15, 1999, Motorola announced it would buy General Instrument in an $11 billion stock swap. General Instrument had long been the No. 1 cable TV equipment provider, supplying cable operators with end-to-end hybrid fiber coax cable solutions. This meant that GI offers all cable TV transmission network components from the head-end to the fiber optic transmission nodes to the cable set-top boxes, now at the availability of Motorola. GI's acquisition created the Broadband Communications Sector (BCS).
In 1999, Motorola separated a portion of its semiconductor business—the Semiconductor Components Group (SCG)-- and formed ON Semiconductor, whose headquarters are located in Phoenix, Arizona.[28]
In June 2000, Motorola and Cisco supplied the world's first commercial GPRS cellular network to BT Cellnet in the United Kingdom. The world's first GPRS cell phone was also developed by Motorola. In August 2000, with recent acquisitions, Motorola reached its peak employment of 150,000 employees worldwide.[29] Two years later, employment would be at 93,000 due to layoffs and spinoffs.
In 2002, Motorola introduced the world's first wireless cable modem gateway which combined a high-speed cable modem router with an ethernet switch and wireless home gateway. In 2003, Motorola introduced the world's first handset to combine a Linux operating system and Java technology with "full PDA functionality". In 2004, Motorola divested its whole semiconductor business to form Freescale Semiconductor.
The Motorola RAZR line sold over 120 million units, which brought the company to the number two mobile phone slot in 2005.
In June 2005, Motorola overtook the intellectual property of Sendo for $30,000 and paid £362,575 for the plant, machinery and equipment.[30]
In June 2006, Motorola acquired the software platform (AJAR) developed by the British company TTP Communications plc.[31] Later in 2006, the firm announced a music subscription service named iRadio. The technology came after a break in a partnership with Apple Computer (which in 2005 had produced an iTunes compatible cell phone ROKR E1, and most recently, mid-2007, its own iPhone). iRadio has many similarities with existing satellite radio services (such as Sirius and XM Radio) by offering live streams of commercial-free music content. Unlike satellite services, however, iRadio content will be downloaded via a broadband internet connection. As of 2008, iRadio has not been commercially released and no further information is available.[32]
In 2007, Motorola acquired Symbol Technologies to provide products and systems for enterprise mobility solutions, including rugged mobile computing, advanced data capture, and radio frequency identification (RFID).
In 2010, Motorola sold its cellular-infrastructure business to Nokia Siemens Networks for $1.2 billion.[33]
Motorola, post-split[edit]
In January 2011, Motorola split into two separate companies, each still using the word Motorola as part of its name. One company, Motorola Solutions (using a blue version of the Motorola logo), is based in the Chicago suburb of Schaumburg, Illinois, and concentrates on police technologies, radios, and commercial needs. The other company, Motorola Mobility (using a red logo), is based in Chicago (formerly in the Chicago suburb of Libertyville, Illinois), and is the mobile handset producer. The split was structured so that Motorola Solutions was the legal successor of the original Motorola, while Motorola Mobility was the spin-off.
On August 15, 2011, Google announced that it would purchase Motorola Mobility for about $12.5 billion.[34] On November 17, 2011, Motorola Mobility stockholders “voted overwhelmingly to approve the proposed merger with Google Inc”.[35]
On May 22, 2012, Google announced that the acquisition of Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. had closed, with Google acquiring MMI for $40.00 per share in cash. ($12.5 billion)[36]
On October 30, 2014, Google sold off Motorola Mobility to Lenovo. The purchase price was approximately US $2.91 billion (subject to certain adjustments), including US$1.41 billion paid at close: US $660 million in cash and US$750 million in Lenovo ordinary shares (subject to a share cap/floor). The remaining US$1.5 billion was paid in the form of a three-year promissory note.
After the purchase, Google maintained ownership of the vast majority of the Motorola Mobility patent portfolio, including current patent applications and invention disclosures, while Lenovo received a license to the portfolio of patents and other intellectual property. Additionally Lenovo received over 2,000 patent assets, as well as the Motorola Mobility brand and trademark portfolio.[37]
Divisional Products:[38]

Enterprise Mobility Solutions: Headquarters located in Schaumburg, Illinois; comprises communications offered to government and public safety sectors and enterprise mobility business. Motorola develops analog and digital two-way radio, voice and data communications products and systems, mobile computing, advanced data capture, wireless infrastructure and RFID solutions to customers worldwide.
Home & Networks Mobility: Headquarters located in Arlington Heights, Illinois; produces end-to-end systems that facilitate uninterrupted access to digital entertainment, information and communications services via wired and wireless mediums. Motorola develops digital video system solutions, interactive set-top devices, voice and data modems for digital subscriber line and cable networks, broadband access systems for cable and satellite television operators, and also wireline carriers and wireless service providers.
Mobile Devices: Headquarters located in Chicago, Illinois; designs wireless handsets, but also licenses much of its intellectual properties. This includes cellular and wireless systems and as well as integrated applications and Bluetooth accessories. Some of their latest gadgets are Moto X Gen 3, Moto X Play, Moto 360 smartwatch, etc.

Finances[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (September 2008)


Motorola's handset division recorded a loss of US$1.2 billion in the fourth quarter of 2007, while the company as a whole earned $100 million during that quarter.[39] It lost several key executives to rivals,[40] and the web site TrustedReviews called the company's products repetitive and uninnovative.[41] Motorola laid off 3,500 workers in January 2008,[42] followed by a further 4,000 job cuts in June[43] and another 20% cut of its research division a few days later.[44] In July 2008, a large number of executives left Motorola to work on Apple Inc.'s iPhone.[45] The company's handset division was also put on offer for sale.[46] Also that month, analyst Mark McKechnie from American Technology Research said that Motorola "would be lucky to fetch $500 million" for selling its handset business. Analyst Richard Windsor said that Motorola might have to pay someone to take the division off the company's hands, and that Motorola may even exit the handset market altogether.[47] Its global market share has been on the decline; from 18.4% of the market in 2007 the company had a share of just 6.0% by Q1 2009, but at last Motorola scored a profit of $26 million in Q2 and showed an increase of 12% in stocks for the first time after losses in many quarters. During the second quarter of 2010, the company reported a profit of $162 million, which compared very favorably to the $26 million earned for the same period the year before. Its Mobile Devices division reported, for the first time in years, earnings of $87 million.[48]
Spin-offs[edit]
Television and radio manufacturing[edit]
In 1974, Motorola divested itself of its television and radio-manufacturing division, which included the Quasar brand of electronics. This division was acquired by Matsushita, already known under its Panasonic brand in North America, where it was looking to expand.
Iridium[edit]
Main article: Iridium (satellite)
Motorola developed the global communication network using a set of 77 satellites. The business ambitions behind this project and the need to raise venture capital to fund the project led to the creation of the Iridium company in the late 1990s. While the technology was proven to work, Iridium failed to attract sufficient customers and it filed for bankruptcy in 1999. Obligations to Motorola and loss of expected revenue caused Motorola to divest the ON Semiconductor (ONNN) business August 4, 1999, raising about $1.1 billion.
Motorola manufactured two satellite phone handsets for this network – the 9500 and 9505 as well as transceiver units. Some of these are still in production by an OEM but sold under the Iridium brand.
Government and defense[edit]
Due to declines in business in 2000 and 2001, Motorola spun off its government and defense business to General Dynamics. The business deal closed September 2001. Thus GD Decision Systems was formed (and later merged with General Dynamics C4 Systems) from Motorola's Integrated Information Systems Group.
Semiconductor[edit]
On August 4, 1999, Motorola, Inc.'s Semiconductor Components Group, manufacturing Motorola's discrete, standard analog and standard logic devices was spun off, recapitalized and established as an independent company named ON Semiconductor.
On October 16, 2004, Motorola announced that it would spin off its Semiconductor Products Sector into a separate company called Freescale Semiconductor, Inc.. The new company began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on July 16 of the following year.
On Dec. 7, 2015 Freescale Inc. was sold to NXP Semiconductor, a European company.
Automotive[edit]
On January 29, 1988, Motorola sold its Arcade, New York facility and automotive alternators, electromechanical speedometers and tachometers products to Prestolite Electric.[49]
In July 2006, Motorola completed the sale of its automotive business to Continental AG. Motorola’s automotive unit had annual sales of $1.6 billion (€1.33 billion) and employed 4,504. The divisions products included telematics systems - like GM's OnStar used for vehicle navigation and safety services, engine and transmission control electronics, vehicle control, electronics and sensors used in steering, braking, and power doors and power windows.
Biometrics[edit]
In 2000, Motorola acquired Printrak International Inc.[50] for $160 million.[51] In doing so, Motorola not only acquired computer aided dispatch and related software, but also acquired Automated fingerprint identification system software.[52]
In October 2008, Motorola agreed to sell its Biometrics business to Safran, a French defense firm. Motorola's biometric business unit was headquartered in Anaheim, Calif. The deal closed in April 2009.[53] The unit became part of Sagem Morpho, which was renamed MorphoTrak.
Split[edit]
On March 26, 2008, Motorola's board of directors approved a split into two different publicly traded companies. This came after talk of selling the handset division to another corporation. These new companies would comprise the business units of the current Motorola Mobile Devices and Motorola Broadband & Mobility Solutions. Originally it was expected that this action would be approved by regulatory bodies and complete by mid-2009, but the split was delayed due to company restructuring problems and the 2008–2009 extreme economic downturn.[54]
On February 11, 2010, Motorola announced its separation into two independent, publicly traded companies,[55] effective Q1 2011. The official split occurred at around 12:00 pm EST on January 4, 2011. The two new companies are called Motorola Mobility (now owned by Lenovo; cell phone and cable television equipment company) and Motorola Solutions (NYSE: MSI; Government and Enterprise Business). Motorola Solutions is generally considered to be the direct successor to Motorola, Inc., as the reorganization was structured with Motorola Mobility being spun off.[6] Motorola Solutions retains Motorola, Inc.'s pre-2011 stock price history, though it retired the old ticker symbol of "MOT" in favor of "MSI."
Motorola Mobility deal by Google[edit]
On August 15, 2011, seven months after Motorola Mobility was spun off into an independent company, Google announced that it would acquire Motorola Mobility for $12.5 billion,[56][57] subject to approval from regulators in the United States and Europe.
According to the filing, Google senior vice president Andy Rubin first reached out to Motorola Mobility in early July 2011 to discuss the purchase by some of Google's competitors of the patent portfolio of Nortel Networks Corp., and to assess its potential impact on the Android ecosystem.
Google boosted its offer for Motorola Mobility by 33% in a single day in early August, even though Motorola wasn't soliciting competing bids. The aggressive bidding by Google showed that[citation needed] the search engine company was under considerable pressure to beef up its patent portfolio to protect its promising Android franchise from a growing number of legal challenges.
According to the filing, Google and Motorola began discussions about Motorola's patent portfolio in early July, as well as the "intellectual property litigation and the potential impact of such litigation on the Android ecosystem".
Although the two companies discussed the possibility of an acquisition after the initial contact by Mr. Rubin, it was only after Motorola pushed back on the idea of patent sale that the acquisition talks picked up steam.
The turning point came during a meeting on July 6. At the meeting, Motorola CEO Sanjay Jha discussed the protection of the Android ecosystem with Google senior vice president Nikesh Arora, and during that talk Jha told Arora that "it could be problematic for Motorola Mobility to continue to exist as a stand-alone entity if it sold a large portion of its patent portfolio".
In connection with these discussions, the two companies signed a confidentiality and non-disclosure agreement that allowed Google to do due diligence on the company's patent portfolio.
On July 21 and 23, Jha met with Arora and Rubin to discuss strategic options between the two companies, agreeing to continue to discuss a potential sale. On the morning of August 15, the two companies entered into a merger agreement at the offered price of $40. On November 17, Motorola Mobility stockholders approved the proposed merger with Google Inc. On April 17, 2013, ARRIS Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARRS) announced that it completed its acquisition of the Motorola Home business from a subsidiary of Google Inc.[58]
Motorola Mobility (Google) deal by Lenovo[edit]
On January 29, 2014, Google announced Lenovo plans to acquire the Motorola Mobility smartphone business. The purchase price is approximately $2.91 billion (subject to certain adjustments), including $1.41 billion paid at close: $660 million in cash and $750 million in Lenovo ordinary shares (subject to a share cap/floor). The remaining $1.5 billion will be paid in the form of a three-year promissory note.
Google maintained ownership of the vast majority of the Motorola Mobility patent portfolio, including active patent applications and invention disclosures. As part of its ongoing relationship with Google, Lenovo received a license to this rich portfolio of patents and other intellectual property. Additionally Lenovo received over 2,000 patent assets, as well as the Motorola Mobility brand and trademark portfolio.[59] On October 30, 2014, Lenovo finalized its purchase of Motorola Mobility from Google.[11]
Canopy and Orthogon[edit]
Cambium Networks was created when Motorola Solutions sold the Canopy and Orthogon businesses in 2011. Cambium Networks has evolved the platform and expanded it to three product lines: Point to Point (PTP) (formerly Orthogon), Point to Multipoint (PMP) (formerly Canopy) and ePMP.
Quality systems[edit]
The Six Sigma quality system was developed at Motorola even though it became best known through its use by General Electric. It was created by engineer Bill Smith, under the direction of Bob Galvin (son of founder Paul Galvin) when he was running the company. Motorola University is one of many places that provide Six Sigma training.
Environmental record[edit]
Motorola, Inc., along with the Arizona Water Co. has been identified as the sources of trichloroethylene (TCE) contamination that took place in Scottsdale, Arizona. The malfunction led to a ban on the use of water that lasted three days and affected almost 5000 people in the area. Motorola was found to be the main source of the TCE, an industrial solvent that cause cancer. The TCE contamination was caused by a faulty blower on an air stripping tower that was used to take TCE from the water, and Motorola has attributed the situation to operator error.[60]
Of eighteen leading electronics manufacturers in Greenpeace’s Guide to Greener Electronics (October 2010), Motorola shares sixth place with competitors Panasonic and Sony).[61]
Motorola scores relatively well on the chemicals criteria and has a goal to eliminate PVC plastic and brominated flame retardants (BFRs), though only in mobile devices and not in all its products introduced after 2010, despite the fact that Sony Ericsson and Nokia are already there. All of its mobile phones are now PVC-free and it has two PVC and BFR-free mobile phones, the A45 ECO and the GRASP; all chargers are also free from PVC and BFRs.[61]
The company is also increasing the proportion of recycled materials that used in its products. For example, the housings for the MOTO W233 Renew and MOTOCUBO A45 Eco mobile phones contain plastic from post-consumer recycled water cooler bottles.[62] According to the company’s information, all of Motorola’s newly designed chargers meet the current Energy Star requirements and exceed the requirements for standby/no-load modes by at least 67%.[63]
Sponsorships[edit]
Motorola sponsored Scottish Premier League club Motherwell F.C. for 11 years. This long term deal ended after the company started to reduce its manufacturing operations in Scotland. The company also sponsored Livingston F.C. between 1998 and 2002. The company also had a plant on the edge of the town. However, this closed down at the same time as their sponsorship with the club ended. The South Stand at Livingston's Almondvale Stadium, was named after the company, during their time of sponsorship. The company also sponsored a cycling team that counted Lance Armstrong amongst its members. Motorola is also a sponsor of Danica Patrick, David Beckham, and Fergie. It also sponsored the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League from 2004 to 2007. Motorola sponsored São Paulo FC from 2000 to 2001. Motorola also sponsored Club Bolívar since 2008. Motorola awarded TrackIT Solutions for being "The company with most Innovative Enterprise Mobility Solution" in 2010.
Motorola sponsored Indian Premier League team Rising Pune Supergiant
In Madden NFL 07 franchise mode, a Motorola phone is used to communicate with coaches and agents.
Robby Gordon was sponsored by Motorola in 2007 and 2008. Motorola is on Gordon's car in NASCAR 07 and NASCAR 08.
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Telecommunications portal



List of companies of the United States
List of electronics companies

References[edit]


^ "Motorola Office Locations". Retrieved July 26, 2010.
^ a b "Motorola Solutions, Inc. 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 13, 2014. 
^ [http://files.shareholder.com/downloads/ABEA-58XVPR/2044382714x0x561829/C636C146-7901-45E3-BC3C-6A82FD06B763/MMI_-_2011_Final_Annual_Report_291113_030.pdf}}
^ Jones, Daniel (2003) [1917], Peter Roach, James Hartmann and Jane Setter, eds., English Pronouncing Dictionary, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, ISBN 3-12-539683-2 CS1 maint: Uses editors parameter (link)
^ Ante, Spencer E. (January 5, 2011). "Motorola Is Split Into Two". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ a b "Motorola Solutions Inc: NYSE:MSI quotes & news – Google Finance". Google. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ Roger Cheng, CNET. "It's official: Motorola Mobility now belongs to Lenovo." October 30, 2014 . Retrieved March 7, 2017.
^ Gelles, Claire Cain Miller and David. "After Big Bet, Google Is to Sell Motorola Unit". Retrieved 26 June 2016. 
^ "We’ve acquired Motorola Mobility". Google Official Blog. Retrieved May 22, 2012. 
^ Lenovo to Acquire Motorola Mobility from Google – Investor Relations – Google. Investor.google.com. Retrieved on 2014-01-30.
^ a b "Hello Moto". Lenovo. Retrieved October 30, 2014. 
^ Mahon, Morgan E. A Flick of the Switch 1930–1950 (Antiques Electronics Supply, 1990), p.111.
^ "Joseph E. Galvin (1899 - 1944) - Find A Grave Memorial". Retrieved 26 June 2016. 
^ "Paul Vincent Galvin (1895 - 1959) - Find A Grave Memorial". Retrieved 26 June 2016. 
^ "The naming origin of Motorola" HighNames, accessed May 16, 2015, http://highnames.com/motorola-naming-origin/
^ Harry Mark Petrakis, The Founder’s Touch: The Life of Paul Galvin of Motorola (Chicago: McGraw-hill, 1965), 58-93; “Sound in Motion,” Motorola Solutions History, accessed November 5, 2014,
^ “Calling All Cars,” Motorola Solutions History, accessed November 5, 2014, http://www.motorolasolutions.com/US-EN/About/Company+Overview/History/Explore+Motorola+Heritage/Calling+All+Cars.
^ “Handie-Talkie Radio,” Motorola Solutions History, accessed November 5, 2014, http://www.motorolasolutions.com/US-EN/About/Company+Overview/History/Explore+Motorola+Heritage/Handie-Talkie+Radio
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Motorola Solutions History, “A Legacy of Innovation: Timeline of Motorola History Since 1928.”
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc., Chicago, IL, 1962, p. 1108
^ a b Hempel, Jessi (September 28, 2009). "Motorola gets in the game". CNNMoney.com. Retrieved May 30, 2012. 
^ "Historic News Releases". Motorola Inc. Archived from the original on January 5, 2011. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola: 75 Years of Intelligent Thinking", 2003, page 42
^ "Motorola - A Journey Through Time & Technology” pages 75 – 79
^ John F. Mitchell, Time Magazine Milestones section, July 6, 2009, p.17
^ These include the MC6845 CRT Controller—used in the MDA and CGA adapters and the PCjr and emulated in the EGA, MCGA, and VGA—and the MC146818 real-time clock in the IBM AT.
^ "ON Semiconductor". ON Semiconductor. Retrieved April 18, 2013. 
^ "Motorola layoffs". Chicago Tribune. 28 June 2002. Retrieved 9 January 2015. 
^ King, Ben (September 28, 2005). "How Britain lost Sendo". The Register. Retrieved January 16, 2011. 
^ "Motorola acquires TTPCom AJAR Software Platform". Motorola Inc. Archived from the original on April 16, 2007. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "iRadio". Motorola Inc. Retrieved February 3, 2008. 
^ JENNA WORTHAM, The New York Times. "Nokia Siemens Agrees to Pay Cash for Division of Motorola." July 19, 2010. Retrieved Jan 20, 2017.
^ "Google's Motorola acquisition: Nail in the Android patent coffin?". ZDNet. Retrieved 2012-02-19. 
^ "Motorola Mobility Stockholders Approve Merger with Google". Motorola Mobility, Inc. November 17, 2011. Archived from the original on November 20, 2011. Retrieved November 28, 2011. 
^ "Google Press Announcement". 
^ "Google Press Announcement". 
^ "Motorola Mobility – Motorola Solutions – About Motorola – Directional Landing Page". Motorola Inc. January 4, 2011. Archived from the original on November 13, 2008. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola profit slides on mobile woes; shares hit 5-year low". MarketWatch. January 23, 2008. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola CTO Richard Nottenburg takes off". Engadget. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola Phones Sales Crash 38 Per Cent". TrustedReviews. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola to lay off 3,500". Engadget Mobile. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola cuts another 4,000 jobs". Engadget Mobile. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ slashing 20% of its research division
^ "Motorola sues former employee turned Apple exec for ganking trade secrets". Engadget. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola insider tells all about the fall of a technology icon". Engadget. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ Olga Kharif and Roger O. Crockett (July 10, 2008). "Motorola's Market Share Mess". BusinessWeek. Retrieved August 4, 2008. 
^ "Motorola ends fiscal Q2 with healthy profit – GSMArena.com news". Gsmarena.com. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Detailed History". Prestolite Electric Inc. Retrieved 2012-06-13. 
^ "Printrak a Motorola Company" answers.com. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ "Motorola to Buy Printrak for $160 Million" Los Angeles Times, 2000-08-30. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ "Law enforcement enlists fingerprint technology to fight crime Contract awards latest in string of wins for Printrak International" findarticles.com, 1995-04-27. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ "Safran Completes Acquisition of Motorola's Biometrics Business" Motorola Solutions website, 2009-04-07. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ Reardon, M.: "As losses return, Motorola delays its split", "CNET News", 2008-10-30. Retrieved April 26, 2009
^ "Motorola Mobility, Inc. – Media Center – Press Releases – Motorola Targets First Quarter 2011 to Separate into Two Independent, Publicly Traded Companies". Mediacenter.motorola.com. February 11, 2010. Archived from the original on February 14, 2010. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ Tsukayama, Hayley (August 15, 2011). "Google agrees to acquire Motorola Mobility". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 15, 2011. 
^ "Google to Acquire Motorola Mobility" (Press release). Google. August 15, 2011. Retrieved August 15, 2011. 
^ Richard Lawler, EnGadget. "Arris closes deal to buy Motorola Home cable and internet biz from Google." April 17, 2013. Retrieved Jun 3, 2017.
^ Lenovo to Acquire Motorola Mobility from Google – Investor Relations – Google. Investor.google.com. Retrieved on 2014-01-30.
^ Balazs, Diana (May 9, 2008). "Companies trying to prevent PV water pollution". The Arizona Republic. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ a b "Greenpeace – Guide to Greener Electronics". Greenpeace International. Retrieved January 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola – Material content". Motorola. Archived from the original on August 8, 2010. Retrieved January 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola – Energy efficiency". Motorola. Archived from the original on August 9, 2010. Retrieved January 12, 2011. 


Further reading[edit]

Gart, Jason H. (2006). "Electronics and Aerospace Industry in Cold War Arizona, 1945–1968 – Motorola, Hughes Aircraft, Goodyear Aircraft". Arizona State University.  Phd diss.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Motorola.



Official website
"For Google, The Motorola Deal Was All About The Patents At First", by Spencer E. Ante, The Wall Street Journal, Sep 14, 2011.







v
t
e


Motorola



People



Paul V. Galvin
Sanjay Jha





Subsidiaries and spinoffs



Motorola Mobility (spinoff)
Freescale Semiconductor (spinoff)
ON Semiconductor (spinoff)
Iridium Communications (spinoff)
Motorola Solutions (subsidiary)
Sendo (acquisition)





Technologies



FLEX
iDEN
iTap
MOTO Talk
Motorola phone AT commands
PowerSource
SCREEN3





Consortia



88open
Advanced Digital Radio Testing Service
Motorola University





Related



List of semiconductor fabrication plants
Motorola affair
Motorola Mobility v. Apple Inc.












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Motorola&oldid=790816573"					
Categories: Motorola1928 establishments in Illinois2011 disestablishments in IllinoisAmerican companies established in 1928Companies based in Cook County, IllinoisCompanies formerly listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeDefunct companies based in IllinoisDefunct manufacturing companies of the United StatesDefunct mobile phone manufacturersElectronics companies established in 1928Electronics companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies disestablished in 2011Manufacturing companies established in 1928National Medal of Technology recipientsSchaumburg, IllinoisSysML PartnersTechnology companies established in 1928Telecommunications companies of the United StatesHidden categories: CS1 maint: Uses editors parameterPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles to be expanded from September 2008All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançais한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीمصرىBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålਪੰਜਾਬੀPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言吴语粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 08:18.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Motorola - Wikipedia





















 






Motorola

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Motorola (disambiguation).

Motorola, Inc.





Type

Public


Industry
Telecommunications


Fate
Divided into Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions


Successor
Motorola Mobility
Motorola Solutions
Freescale Semiconductor
ON Semiconductor
Arris Group (General Instrument)
Cambium Networks


Founded
September 25, 1928; 88 years ago (1928-09-25) (as the Galvin Manufacturing Corporation)


Headquarters
1303 East Algonquin Road,[1] Schaumburg, Illinois, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide


Products
Tablet computers
Mobile phones
Smartphones
Two-way radios
Networking systems
Cable television systems
Wireless broadband networks
RFID systems
Mobile telephone infrastructure


Total assets



 US$ 11.851 billion (2013)[2]
 US$ 12.679 billion (2012)[2]






Number of employees

40,000 (2014)[3]


Divisions
Mobile Phone Devices
Connected Home Solutions
Network Home Solutions


Website
www.motorola.com


Motorola, Inc. (/ˌmoʊtəˈroʊlə/[4]) was an American multinational telecommunications company founded on September 25, 1928, based in Schaumburg, Illinois. After having lost $4.3 billion from 2007 to 2009, the company was divided into two independent public companies, Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions on January 4, 2011.[5] Motorola Solutions is generally considered to be the direct successor to Motorola, as the reorganization was structured with Motorola Mobility being spun off.[6] Motorola Mobility was acquired by Lenovo in 2014.[7]
Motorola designed and sold wireless network equipment such as cellular transmission base stations and signal amplifiers. Motorola's home and broadcast network products included set-top boxes, digital video recorders, and network equipment used to enable video broadcasting, computer telephony, and high-definition television. Its business and government customers consisted mainly of wireless voice and broadband systems (used to build private networks), and public safety communications systems like Astro and Dimetra. These businesses (except for set-top boxes and cable modems) are now part of Motorola Solutions. Google sold Motorola Home (the former General Instrument cable businesses) to the Arris Group in December 2012 for US$2.35 billion.[8]
Motorola's wireless telephone handset division was a pioneer in cellular telephones. Also known as the Personal Communication Sector (PCS) prior to 2004, it pioneered the "mobile phone" with DynaTAC, "flip phone" with the MicroTAC as well as the "clam phone" with the StarTAC in the mid-1990s. It had staged a resurgence by the mid-2000s with the Razr, but lost market share in the second half of that decade. Later it focused on smartphones using Google's open-source Android mobile operating system. The first phone to use the newest version of Google's open source OS, Android 2.0, was released on November 2, 2009 as the Motorola Droid (the GSM version launched a month later, in Europe, as the Motorola Milestone).
The handset division (along with cable set-top boxes and cable modems) was later spun off into the independent Motorola Mobility. On May 22, 2012, Google CEO Larry Page announced that Google had closed on its deal to acquire Motorola Mobility.[9] On January 29, 2014, Page announced that pending closure of the deal, Motorola Mobility would be acquired by Chinese technology company Lenovo for US$2.91 billion (subject to certain adjustments).[10] On October 30, 2014, Lenovo finalized its purchase of Motorola Mobility from Google.[11]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Post World War II
1.2 Motorola, post-split


2 Finances
3 Spin-offs

3.1 Television and radio manufacturing
3.2 Iridium
3.3 Government and defense
3.4 Semiconductor
3.5 Automotive
3.6 Biometrics
3.7 Split

3.7.1 Motorola Mobility deal by Google
3.7.2 Motorola Mobility (Google) deal by Lenovo


3.8 Canopy and Orthogon


4 Quality systems
5 Environmental record
6 Sponsorships
7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]




Local branch in Glostrup, Denmark


Motorola started in Chicago, Illinois, as Galvin Manufacturing Corporation (at 847 West Harrison Street)[12] in 1928 when brothers, Paul V. and Joseph E. Galvin,[13][14] purchased the bankrupt Stewart Battery Company's battery-eliminator plans and manufacturing equipment at auction for $750. Galvin Manufacturing Corporation set up shop in a small section of a rented building. The company had $565 in working capital and five employees. The first week's payroll was $63.
The company's first products were battery-eliminators, devices that enabled battery-powered radios to operate on household electricity. Due to advances in radio technology, battery-eliminators soon became obsolete. Paul Galvin learned that some radio technicians were installing sets in cars, and challenged his engineers to design an inexpensive car radio that could be installed in most vehicles. His team was successful, and Galvin was able to demonstrate a working model of the radio at the June 1930 Radio Manufacturers Association convention in Atlantic City, New Jersey. He brought home enough orders to keep the company in business.
Paul Galvin wanted a brand name for Galvin Manufacturing Corporation's new car radio, and created the name “Motorola” by linking "motor" (for motorcar) with "ola" (from Victrola), which was also a popular ending for many companies at the time, e.g. Moviola, Crayola.[15] The company sold its first Motorola branded radio on June 23, 1930, to H.C. Wall of Fort Wayne, Indiana, for $30. The Motorola brand name became so well-known that Galvin Manufacturing Corporation later changed its name to Motorola, Inc.[16]
Galvin Manufacturing Corporation began selling Motorola car-radio receivers to police departments and municipalities in November 1930. The company's first public safety customers (all in the U.S. state of Illinois) included the Village of River Forest, Village of Bellwood Police Department, City of Evanston Police, Illinois State Highway Police, and Cook County (Chicago area) Police.[17]
Many of Motorola's products have been radio-related, starting with a battery eliminator for radios, through the first hand-held walkie-talkie in the world in 1940,[18] defense electronics, cellular infrastructure equipment, and mobile phone manufacturing. In the same year, the company built its research and development program with Dan Noble, a pioneer in FM radio and semiconductor technologies, who joined the company as director of research. The company produced the hand-held AM SCR-536 radio during World War II, which was vital to Allied communication. Motorola ranked 94th among United States corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts.[19]
Motorola went public in 1943,[20] and became Motorola, Inc. in 1947. At that time Motorola's main business was producing and selling televisions and radios.
Post World War II[edit]




Motorola vacuum tube carton




Play media


An advertisement for Motorola televisions from 1951.


In October 1946 Motorola communications equipment carried the first calls on Illinois Bell telephone company's new car radiotelephone service in Chicago. The company began making televisions in 1947, with the model VT-71 with 7-inch cathode ray tube. In 1952 Motorola opened its first international subsidiary in Toronto, Canada to produce radios and televisions. In 1953, the company established the Motorola Foundation to support leading universities in the United States.
In 1955, years after Motorola started its research and development laboratory in Phoenix, Arizona, to research new solid-state technology, Motorola introduced the world's first commercial high-power germanium-based transistor. The present "batwing" logo was also introduced in 1955 (having been created by award-winning Chicago graphic designer Morton Goldsholl in late 1954).
Beginning in 1958, with Explorer 1 Motorola provided radio equipment for most NASA space-flights for decades, including during the 1969 moon landing. A year later it established a subsidiary to conduct licensing and manufacturing for international markets. Motorola created numerous products for use by the government, public safety officials, business installments, and the general public. These products included cell phones, laptops, computer processors, and radio communication devices.
In 1960, it introduced the world's first large-screen portable (19-inch), transistorized, cordless television. According to the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), Motorola had 14,000 employees worldwide of which at least 5,823 employees in 6 plants were located in Illinois. The company headquarters were at 9401 West Grand Avenue in Franklin Park and it listed TV receivers, Stereo-Hi Fi equipment as the products at this plant made by 1,700 employees. The Communications Division was in Chicago at 4545 West Augusta Blvd. where 2,000 employees made electronic communications equipment. The Military Electronics Division was at 1450 North Cicero Avenue, Chicago where 923 employees made microwave and industrial equipment. Two more Chicago locations were listed at 4900 West Flourney Street and at 650 North Pulaski but no employee count was listed for these. The last plant was listed in Quincy, Illinois at 1400 North 30th Street where 1,200 employees made radio assemblies for both home and automobile.[21]
In 1963, it introduced the first rectangular color picture tube. In 1964, the company opened its first Research and development branch outside of the United States, in Israel, under the management of Moses Basin. The modular Quasar brand was introduced in 1967.
In 1969, Neil Armstrong spoke the famous words "one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind" from the Moon on a Motorola transceiver.[22]
In 1973, Motorola demonstrated the first hand-held portable telephone.[23]
In 1974, Motorola introduced its first microprocessor, the 8-bit MC6800, used in automotive, computing and video game applications.[24] That same year, Motorola sold its television business to the Japan-based Matsushita - the parent company of Panasonic.
In 1976, Motorola moved its headquarters to the Chicago suburb of Schaumburg, Illinois.
In 1980, Motorola’s next generation 32-bit microprocessor, the MC68000, led the wave of technologies that spurred the computing revolution in 1984, powering devices from companies such as Apple, Commodore, Atari, Sun, and Hewlett Packard.[25]




Dr. Martin Cooper of Motorola made the first private handheld mobile phone call on a larger prototype model in 1973. This is a reenactment in 2007.


In September 1983, the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) approved the DynaTAC 8000X telephone, the world's first commercial cellular device. By 1998, cellphones accounted for two thirds of Motorola's gross revenue.[26] The company was also strong in semiconductor technology, including integrated circuits used in computers. In particular, it is known for the 6800 family and 68000 family of microprocessors and related peripheral ICs; the processors were used in Atari ST, Commodore Amiga, Color Computer, and Apple Macintosh personal computers and in the early HP laser printers, and some 6800-family peripheral devices were used in the IBM PC series of personal computers.[27] The PowerPC family was developed with IBM and in a partnership with Apple (known as the AIM alliance). Motorola also has a diverse line of communication products, including satellite systems, digital cable boxes and modems.
In 1986, Motorola invented the Six Sigma quality improvement process. This became a global standard. In 1990 General Instrument Corporation, which was later acquired by Motorola, proposed the first all-digital HDTV standard. In the same year the company introduced the Bravo numeric pager which became the world's best-selling pager.
In 1991, Motorola demonstrated the world's first working-prototype digital cellular system and phones using GSM standard in Hanover, Germany. In 1994, Motorola introduced the world's first commercial digital radio system that combined paging, data and cellular communications and voice dispatch in a single radio network and handset. In 1995, Motorola introduced the world's first two-way pager which allowed users to receive text messages and e-mail and reply with a standard response.
In 1998, Motorola was overtaken by Nokia as the world's biggest seller of mobile phone handsets.[22]
On September 15, 1999, Motorola announced it would buy General Instrument in an $11 billion stock swap. General Instrument had long been the No. 1 cable TV equipment provider, supplying cable operators with end-to-end hybrid fiber coax cable solutions. This meant that GI offers all cable TV transmission network components from the head-end to the fiber optic transmission nodes to the cable set-top boxes, now at the availability of Motorola. GI's acquisition created the Broadband Communications Sector (BCS).
In 1999, Motorola separated a portion of its semiconductor business—the Semiconductor Components Group (SCG)-- and formed ON Semiconductor, whose headquarters are located in Phoenix, Arizona.[28]
In June 2000, Motorola and Cisco supplied the world's first commercial GPRS cellular network to BT Cellnet in the United Kingdom. The world's first GPRS cell phone was also developed by Motorola. In August 2000, with recent acquisitions, Motorola reached its peak employment of 150,000 employees worldwide.[29] Two years later, employment would be at 93,000 due to layoffs and spinoffs.
In 2002, Motorola introduced the world's first wireless cable modem gateway which combined a high-speed cable modem router with an ethernet switch and wireless home gateway. In 2003, Motorola introduced the world's first handset to combine a Linux operating system and Java technology with "full PDA functionality". In 2004, Motorola divested its whole semiconductor business to form Freescale Semiconductor.
The Motorola RAZR line sold over 120 million units, which brought the company to the number two mobile phone slot in 2005.
In June 2005, Motorola overtook the intellectual property of Sendo for $30,000 and paid £362,575 for the plant, machinery and equipment.[30]
In June 2006, Motorola acquired the software platform (AJAR) developed by the British company TTP Communications plc.[31] Later in 2006, the firm announced a music subscription service named iRadio. The technology came after a break in a partnership with Apple Computer (which in 2005 had produced an iTunes compatible cell phone ROKR E1, and most recently, mid-2007, its own iPhone). iRadio has many similarities with existing satellite radio services (such as Sirius and XM Radio) by offering live streams of commercial-free music content. Unlike satellite services, however, iRadio content will be downloaded via a broadband internet connection. As of 2008, iRadio has not been commercially released and no further information is available.[32]
In 2007, Motorola acquired Symbol Technologies to provide products and systems for enterprise mobility solutions, including rugged mobile computing, advanced data capture, and radio frequency identification (RFID).
In 2010, Motorola sold its cellular-infrastructure business to Nokia Siemens Networks for $1.2 billion.[33]
Motorola, post-split[edit]
In January 2011, Motorola split into two separate companies, each still using the word Motorola as part of its name. One company, Motorola Solutions (using a blue version of the Motorola logo), is based in the Chicago suburb of Schaumburg, Illinois, and concentrates on police technologies, radios, and commercial needs. The other company, Motorola Mobility (using a red logo), is based in Chicago (formerly in the Chicago suburb of Libertyville, Illinois), and is the mobile handset producer. The split was structured so that Motorola Solutions was the legal successor of the original Motorola, while Motorola Mobility was the spin-off.
On August 15, 2011, Google announced that it would purchase Motorola Mobility for about $12.5 billion.[34] On November 17, 2011, Motorola Mobility stockholders “voted overwhelmingly to approve the proposed merger with Google Inc”.[35]
On May 22, 2012, Google announced that the acquisition of Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. had closed, with Google acquiring MMI for $40.00 per share in cash. ($12.5 billion)[36]
On October 30, 2014, Google sold off Motorola Mobility to Lenovo. The purchase price was approximately US $2.91 billion (subject to certain adjustments), including US$1.41 billion paid at close: US $660 million in cash and US$750 million in Lenovo ordinary shares (subject to a share cap/floor). The remaining US$1.5 billion was paid in the form of a three-year promissory note.
After the purchase, Google maintained ownership of the vast majority of the Motorola Mobility patent portfolio, including current patent applications and invention disclosures, while Lenovo received a license to the portfolio of patents and other intellectual property. Additionally Lenovo received over 2,000 patent assets, as well as the Motorola Mobility brand and trademark portfolio.[37]
Divisional Products:[38]

Enterprise Mobility Solutions: Headquarters located in Schaumburg, Illinois; comprises communications offered to government and public safety sectors and enterprise mobility business. Motorola develops analog and digital two-way radio, voice and data communications products and systems, mobile computing, advanced data capture, wireless infrastructure and RFID solutions to customers worldwide.
Home & Networks Mobility: Headquarters located in Arlington Heights, Illinois; produces end-to-end systems that facilitate uninterrupted access to digital entertainment, information and communications services via wired and wireless mediums. Motorola develops digital video system solutions, interactive set-top devices, voice and data modems for digital subscriber line and cable networks, broadband access systems for cable and satellite television operators, and also wireline carriers and wireless service providers.
Mobile Devices: Headquarters located in Chicago, Illinois; designs wireless handsets, but also licenses much of its intellectual properties. This includes cellular and wireless systems and as well as integrated applications and Bluetooth accessories. Some of their latest gadgets are Moto X Gen 3, Moto X Play, Moto 360 smartwatch, etc.

Finances[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (September 2008)


Motorola's handset division recorded a loss of US$1.2 billion in the fourth quarter of 2007, while the company as a whole earned $100 million during that quarter.[39] It lost several key executives to rivals,[40] and the web site TrustedReviews called the company's products repetitive and uninnovative.[41] Motorola laid off 3,500 workers in January 2008,[42] followed by a further 4,000 job cuts in June[43] and another 20% cut of its research division a few days later.[44] In July 2008, a large number of executives left Motorola to work on Apple Inc.'s iPhone.[45] The company's handset division was also put on offer for sale.[46] Also that month, analyst Mark McKechnie from American Technology Research said that Motorola "would be lucky to fetch $500 million" for selling its handset business. Analyst Richard Windsor said that Motorola might have to pay someone to take the division off the company's hands, and that Motorola may even exit the handset market altogether.[47] Its global market share has been on the decline; from 18.4% of the market in 2007 the company had a share of just 6.0% by Q1 2009, but at last Motorola scored a profit of $26 million in Q2 and showed an increase of 12% in stocks for the first time after losses in many quarters. During the second quarter of 2010, the company reported a profit of $162 million, which compared very favorably to the $26 million earned for the same period the year before. Its Mobile Devices division reported, for the first time in years, earnings of $87 million.[48]
Spin-offs[edit]
Television and radio manufacturing[edit]
In 1974, Motorola divested itself of its television and radio-manufacturing division, which included the Quasar brand of electronics. This division was acquired by Matsushita, already known under its Panasonic brand in North America, where it was looking to expand.
Iridium[edit]
Main article: Iridium (satellite)
Motorola developed the global communication network using a set of 77 satellites. The business ambitions behind this project and the need to raise venture capital to fund the project led to the creation of the Iridium company in the late 1990s. While the technology was proven to work, Iridium failed to attract sufficient customers and it filed for bankruptcy in 1999. Obligations to Motorola and loss of expected revenue caused Motorola to divest the ON Semiconductor (ONNN) business August 4, 1999, raising about $1.1 billion.
Motorola manufactured two satellite phone handsets for this network – the 9500 and 9505 as well as transceiver units. Some of these are still in production by an OEM but sold under the Iridium brand.
Government and defense[edit]
Due to declines in business in 2000 and 2001, Motorola spun off its government and defense business to General Dynamics. The business deal closed September 2001. Thus GD Decision Systems was formed (and later merged with General Dynamics C4 Systems) from Motorola's Integrated Information Systems Group.
Semiconductor[edit]
On August 4, 1999, Motorola, Inc.'s Semiconductor Components Group, manufacturing Motorola's discrete, standard analog and standard logic devices was spun off, recapitalized and established as an independent company named ON Semiconductor.
On October 16, 2004, Motorola announced that it would spin off its Semiconductor Products Sector into a separate company called Freescale Semiconductor, Inc.. The new company began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on July 16 of the following year.
On Dec. 7, 2015 Freescale Inc. was sold to NXP Semiconductor, a European company.
Automotive[edit]
On January 29, 1988, Motorola sold its Arcade, New York facility and automotive alternators, electromechanical speedometers and tachometers products to Prestolite Electric.[49]
In July 2006, Motorola completed the sale of its automotive business to Continental AG. Motorola’s automotive unit had annual sales of $1.6 billion (€1.33 billion) and employed 4,504. The divisions products included telematics systems - like GM's OnStar used for vehicle navigation and safety services, engine and transmission control electronics, vehicle control, electronics and sensors used in steering, braking, and power doors and power windows.
Biometrics[edit]
In 2000, Motorola acquired Printrak International Inc.[50] for $160 million.[51] In doing so, Motorola not only acquired computer aided dispatch and related software, but also acquired Automated fingerprint identification system software.[52]
In October 2008, Motorola agreed to sell its Biometrics business to Safran, a French defense firm. Motorola's biometric business unit was headquartered in Anaheim, Calif. The deal closed in April 2009.[53] The unit became part of Sagem Morpho, which was renamed MorphoTrak.
Split[edit]
On March 26, 2008, Motorola's board of directors approved a split into two different publicly traded companies. This came after talk of selling the handset division to another corporation. These new companies would comprise the business units of the current Motorola Mobile Devices and Motorola Broadband & Mobility Solutions. Originally it was expected that this action would be approved by regulatory bodies and complete by mid-2009, but the split was delayed due to company restructuring problems and the 2008–2009 extreme economic downturn.[54]
On February 11, 2010, Motorola announced its separation into two independent, publicly traded companies,[55] effective Q1 2011. The official split occurred at around 12:00 pm EST on January 4, 2011. The two new companies are called Motorola Mobility (now owned by Lenovo; cell phone and cable television equipment company) and Motorola Solutions (NYSE: MSI; Government and Enterprise Business). Motorola Solutions is generally considered to be the direct successor to Motorola, Inc., as the reorganization was structured with Motorola Mobility being spun off.[6] Motorola Solutions retains Motorola, Inc.'s pre-2011 stock price history, though it retired the old ticker symbol of "MOT" in favor of "MSI."
Motorola Mobility deal by Google[edit]
On August 15, 2011, seven months after Motorola Mobility was spun off into an independent company, Google announced that it would acquire Motorola Mobility for $12.5 billion,[56][57] subject to approval from regulators in the United States and Europe.
According to the filing, Google senior vice president Andy Rubin first reached out to Motorola Mobility in early July 2011 to discuss the purchase by some of Google's competitors of the patent portfolio of Nortel Networks Corp., and to assess its potential impact on the Android ecosystem.
Google boosted its offer for Motorola Mobility by 33% in a single day in early August, even though Motorola wasn't soliciting competing bids. The aggressive bidding by Google showed that[citation needed] the search engine company was under considerable pressure to beef up its patent portfolio to protect its promising Android franchise from a growing number of legal challenges.
According to the filing, Google and Motorola began discussions about Motorola's patent portfolio in early July, as well as the "intellectual property litigation and the potential impact of such litigation on the Android ecosystem".
Although the two companies discussed the possibility of an acquisition after the initial contact by Mr. Rubin, it was only after Motorola pushed back on the idea of patent sale that the acquisition talks picked up steam.
The turning point came during a meeting on July 6. At the meeting, Motorola CEO Sanjay Jha discussed the protection of the Android ecosystem with Google senior vice president Nikesh Arora, and during that talk Jha told Arora that "it could be problematic for Motorola Mobility to continue to exist as a stand-alone entity if it sold a large portion of its patent portfolio".
In connection with these discussions, the two companies signed a confidentiality and non-disclosure agreement that allowed Google to do due diligence on the company's patent portfolio.
On July 21 and 23, Jha met with Arora and Rubin to discuss strategic options between the two companies, agreeing to continue to discuss a potential sale. On the morning of August 15, the two companies entered into a merger agreement at the offered price of $40. On November 17, Motorola Mobility stockholders approved the proposed merger with Google Inc. On April 17, 2013, ARRIS Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARRS) announced that it completed its acquisition of the Motorola Home business from a subsidiary of Google Inc.[58]
Motorola Mobility (Google) deal by Lenovo[edit]
On January 29, 2014, Google announced Lenovo plans to acquire the Motorola Mobility smartphone business. The purchase price is approximately $2.91 billion (subject to certain adjustments), including $1.41 billion paid at close: $660 million in cash and $750 million in Lenovo ordinary shares (subject to a share cap/floor). The remaining $1.5 billion will be paid in the form of a three-year promissory note.
Google maintained ownership of the vast majority of the Motorola Mobility patent portfolio, including active patent applications and invention disclosures. As part of its ongoing relationship with Google, Lenovo received a license to this rich portfolio of patents and other intellectual property. Additionally Lenovo received over 2,000 patent assets, as well as the Motorola Mobility brand and trademark portfolio.[59] On October 30, 2014, Lenovo finalized its purchase of Motorola Mobility from Google.[11]
Canopy and Orthogon[edit]
Cambium Networks was created when Motorola Solutions sold the Canopy and Orthogon businesses in 2011. Cambium Networks has evolved the platform and expanded it to three product lines: Point to Point (PTP) (formerly Orthogon), Point to Multipoint (PMP) (formerly Canopy) and ePMP.
Quality systems[edit]
The Six Sigma quality system was developed at Motorola even though it became best known through its use by General Electric. It was created by engineer Bill Smith, under the direction of Bob Galvin (son of founder Paul Galvin) when he was running the company. Motorola University is one of many places that provide Six Sigma training.
Environmental record[edit]
Motorola, Inc., along with the Arizona Water Co. has been identified as the sources of trichloroethylene (TCE) contamination that took place in Scottsdale, Arizona. The malfunction led to a ban on the use of water that lasted three days and affected almost 5000 people in the area. Motorola was found to be the main source of the TCE, an industrial solvent that cause cancer. The TCE contamination was caused by a faulty blower on an air stripping tower that was used to take TCE from the water, and Motorola has attributed the situation to operator error.[60]
Of eighteen leading electronics manufacturers in Greenpeace’s Guide to Greener Electronics (October 2010), Motorola shares sixth place with competitors Panasonic and Sony).[61]
Motorola scores relatively well on the chemicals criteria and has a goal to eliminate PVC plastic and brominated flame retardants (BFRs), though only in mobile devices and not in all its products introduced after 2010, despite the fact that Sony Ericsson and Nokia are already there. All of its mobile phones are now PVC-free and it has two PVC and BFR-free mobile phones, the A45 ECO and the GRASP; all chargers are also free from PVC and BFRs.[61]
The company is also increasing the proportion of recycled materials that used in its products. For example, the housings for the MOTO W233 Renew and MOTOCUBO A45 Eco mobile phones contain plastic from post-consumer recycled water cooler bottles.[62] According to the company’s information, all of Motorola’s newly designed chargers meet the current Energy Star requirements and exceed the requirements for standby/no-load modes by at least 67%.[63]
Sponsorships[edit]
Motorola sponsored Scottish Premier League club Motherwell F.C. for 11 years. This long term deal ended after the company started to reduce its manufacturing operations in Scotland. The company also sponsored Livingston F.C. between 1998 and 2002. The company also had a plant on the edge of the town. However, this closed down at the same time as their sponsorship with the club ended. The South Stand at Livingston's Almondvale Stadium, was named after the company, during their time of sponsorship. The company also sponsored a cycling team that counted Lance Armstrong amongst its members. Motorola is also a sponsor of Danica Patrick, David Beckham, and Fergie. It also sponsored the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League from 2004 to 2007. Motorola sponsored São Paulo FC from 2000 to 2001. Motorola also sponsored Club Bolívar since 2008. Motorola awarded TrackIT Solutions for being "The company with most Innovative Enterprise Mobility Solution" in 2010.
Motorola sponsored Indian Premier League team Rising Pune Supergiant
In Madden NFL 07 franchise mode, a Motorola phone is used to communicate with coaches and agents.
Robby Gordon was sponsored by Motorola in 2007 and 2008. Motorola is on Gordon's car in NASCAR 07 and NASCAR 08.
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Telecommunications portal



List of companies of the United States
List of electronics companies

References[edit]


^ "Motorola Office Locations". Retrieved July 26, 2010.
^ a b "Motorola Solutions, Inc. 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 13, 2014. 
^ [http://files.shareholder.com/downloads/ABEA-58XVPR/2044382714x0x561829/C636C146-7901-45E3-BC3C-6A82FD06B763/MMI_-_2011_Final_Annual_Report_291113_030.pdf}}
^ Jones, Daniel (2003) [1917], Peter Roach, James Hartmann and Jane Setter, eds., English Pronouncing Dictionary, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, ISBN 3-12-539683-2 CS1 maint: Uses editors parameter (link)
^ Ante, Spencer E. (January 5, 2011). "Motorola Is Split Into Two". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ a b "Motorola Solutions Inc: NYSE:MSI quotes & news – Google Finance". Google. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ Roger Cheng, CNET. "It's official: Motorola Mobility now belongs to Lenovo." October 30, 2014 . Retrieved March 7, 2017.
^ Gelles, Claire Cain Miller and David. "After Big Bet, Google Is to Sell Motorola Unit". Retrieved 26 June 2016. 
^ "We’ve acquired Motorola Mobility". Google Official Blog. Retrieved May 22, 2012. 
^ Lenovo to Acquire Motorola Mobility from Google – Investor Relations – Google. Investor.google.com. Retrieved on 2014-01-30.
^ a b "Hello Moto". Lenovo. Retrieved October 30, 2014. 
^ Mahon, Morgan E. A Flick of the Switch 1930–1950 (Antiques Electronics Supply, 1990), p.111.
^ "Joseph E. Galvin (1899 - 1944) - Find A Grave Memorial". Retrieved 26 June 2016. 
^ "Paul Vincent Galvin (1895 - 1959) - Find A Grave Memorial". Retrieved 26 June 2016. 
^ "The naming origin of Motorola" HighNames, accessed May 16, 2015, http://highnames.com/motorola-naming-origin/
^ Harry Mark Petrakis, The Founder’s Touch: The Life of Paul Galvin of Motorola (Chicago: McGraw-hill, 1965), 58-93; “Sound in Motion,” Motorola Solutions History, accessed November 5, 2014,
^ “Calling All Cars,” Motorola Solutions History, accessed November 5, 2014, http://www.motorolasolutions.com/US-EN/About/Company+Overview/History/Explore+Motorola+Heritage/Calling+All+Cars.
^ “Handie-Talkie Radio,” Motorola Solutions History, accessed November 5, 2014, http://www.motorolasolutions.com/US-EN/About/Company+Overview/History/Explore+Motorola+Heritage/Handie-Talkie+Radio
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Motorola Solutions History, “A Legacy of Innovation: Timeline of Motorola History Since 1928.”
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc., Chicago, IL, 1962, p. 1108
^ a b Hempel, Jessi (September 28, 2009). "Motorola gets in the game". CNNMoney.com. Retrieved May 30, 2012. 
^ "Historic News Releases". Motorola Inc. Archived from the original on January 5, 2011. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola: 75 Years of Intelligent Thinking", 2003, page 42
^ "Motorola - A Journey Through Time & Technology” pages 75 – 79
^ John F. Mitchell, Time Magazine Milestones section, July 6, 2009, p.17
^ These include the MC6845 CRT Controller—used in the MDA and CGA adapters and the PCjr and emulated in the EGA, MCGA, and VGA—and the MC146818 real-time clock in the IBM AT.
^ "ON Semiconductor". ON Semiconductor. Retrieved April 18, 2013. 
^ "Motorola layoffs". Chicago Tribune. 28 June 2002. Retrieved 9 January 2015. 
^ King, Ben (September 28, 2005). "How Britain lost Sendo". The Register. Retrieved January 16, 2011. 
^ "Motorola acquires TTPCom AJAR Software Platform". Motorola Inc. Archived from the original on April 16, 2007. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "iRadio". Motorola Inc. Retrieved February 3, 2008. 
^ JENNA WORTHAM, The New York Times. "Nokia Siemens Agrees to Pay Cash for Division of Motorola." July 19, 2010. Retrieved Jan 20, 2017.
^ "Google's Motorola acquisition: Nail in the Android patent coffin?". ZDNet. Retrieved 2012-02-19. 
^ "Motorola Mobility Stockholders Approve Merger with Google". Motorola Mobility, Inc. November 17, 2011. Archived from the original on November 20, 2011. Retrieved November 28, 2011. 
^ "Google Press Announcement". 
^ "Google Press Announcement". 
^ "Motorola Mobility – Motorola Solutions – About Motorola – Directional Landing Page". Motorola Inc. January 4, 2011. Archived from the original on November 13, 2008. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola profit slides on mobile woes; shares hit 5-year low". MarketWatch. January 23, 2008. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola CTO Richard Nottenburg takes off". Engadget. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola Phones Sales Crash 38 Per Cent". TrustedReviews. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola to lay off 3,500". Engadget Mobile. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola cuts another 4,000 jobs". Engadget Mobile. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ slashing 20% of its research division
^ "Motorola sues former employee turned Apple exec for ganking trade secrets". Engadget. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola insider tells all about the fall of a technology icon". Engadget. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ Olga Kharif and Roger O. Crockett (July 10, 2008). "Motorola's Market Share Mess". BusinessWeek. Retrieved August 4, 2008. 
^ "Motorola ends fiscal Q2 with healthy profit – GSMArena.com news". Gsmarena.com. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Detailed History". Prestolite Electric Inc. Retrieved 2012-06-13. 
^ "Printrak a Motorola Company" answers.com. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ "Motorola to Buy Printrak for $160 Million" Los Angeles Times, 2000-08-30. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ "Law enforcement enlists fingerprint technology to fight crime Contract awards latest in string of wins for Printrak International" findarticles.com, 1995-04-27. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ "Safran Completes Acquisition of Motorola's Biometrics Business" Motorola Solutions website, 2009-04-07. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ Reardon, M.: "As losses return, Motorola delays its split", "CNET News", 2008-10-30. Retrieved April 26, 2009
^ "Motorola Mobility, Inc. – Media Center – Press Releases – Motorola Targets First Quarter 2011 to Separate into Two Independent, Publicly Traded Companies". Mediacenter.motorola.com. February 11, 2010. Archived from the original on February 14, 2010. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ Tsukayama, Hayley (August 15, 2011). "Google agrees to acquire Motorola Mobility". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 15, 2011. 
^ "Google to Acquire Motorola Mobility" (Press release). Google. August 15, 2011. Retrieved August 15, 2011. 
^ Richard Lawler, EnGadget. "Arris closes deal to buy Motorola Home cable and internet biz from Google." April 17, 2013. Retrieved Jun 3, 2017.
^ Lenovo to Acquire Motorola Mobility from Google – Investor Relations – Google. Investor.google.com. Retrieved on 2014-01-30.
^ Balazs, Diana (May 9, 2008). "Companies trying to prevent PV water pollution". The Arizona Republic. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ a b "Greenpeace – Guide to Greener Electronics". Greenpeace International. Retrieved January 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola – Material content". Motorola. Archived from the original on August 8, 2010. Retrieved January 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola – Energy efficiency". Motorola. Archived from the original on August 9, 2010. Retrieved January 12, 2011. 


Further reading[edit]

Gart, Jason H. (2006). "Electronics and Aerospace Industry in Cold War Arizona, 1945–1968 – Motorola, Hughes Aircraft, Goodyear Aircraft". Arizona State University.  Phd diss.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Motorola.



Official website
"For Google, The Motorola Deal Was All About The Patents At First", by Spencer E. Ante, The Wall Street Journal, Sep 14, 2011.







v
t
e


Motorola



People



Paul V. Galvin
Sanjay Jha





Subsidiaries and spinoffs



Motorola Mobility (spinoff)
Freescale Semiconductor (spinoff)
ON Semiconductor (spinoff)
Iridium Communications (spinoff)
Motorola Solutions (subsidiary)
Sendo (acquisition)





Technologies



FLEX
iDEN
iTap
MOTO Talk
Motorola phone AT commands
PowerSource
SCREEN3





Consortia



88open
Advanced Digital Radio Testing Service
Motorola University





Related



List of semiconductor fabrication plants
Motorola affair
Motorola Mobility v. Apple Inc.












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Motorola&oldid=790816573"					
Categories: Motorola1928 establishments in Illinois2011 disestablishments in IllinoisAmerican companies established in 1928Companies based in Cook County, IllinoisCompanies formerly listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeDefunct companies based in IllinoisDefunct manufacturing companies of the United StatesDefunct mobile phone manufacturersElectronics companies established in 1928Electronics companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies disestablished in 2011Manufacturing companies established in 1928National Medal of Technology recipientsSchaumburg, IllinoisSysML PartnersTechnology companies established in 1928Telecommunications companies of the United StatesHidden categories: CS1 maint: Uses editors parameterPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles to be expanded from September 2008All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançais한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीمصرىBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålਪੰਜਾਬੀPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言吴语粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 08:18.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Motorola - Wikipedia





















 






Motorola

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Motorola (disambiguation).

Motorola, Inc.





Type

Public


Industry
Telecommunications


Fate
Divided into Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions


Successor
Motorola Mobility
Motorola Solutions
Freescale Semiconductor
ON Semiconductor
Arris Group (General Instrument)
Cambium Networks


Founded
September 25, 1928; 88 years ago (1928-09-25) (as the Galvin Manufacturing Corporation)


Headquarters
1303 East Algonquin Road,[1] Schaumburg, Illinois, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide


Products
Tablet computers
Mobile phones
Smartphones
Two-way radios
Networking systems
Cable television systems
Wireless broadband networks
RFID systems
Mobile telephone infrastructure


Total assets



 US$ 11.851 billion (2013)[2]
 US$ 12.679 billion (2012)[2]






Number of employees

40,000 (2014)[3]


Divisions
Mobile Phone Devices
Connected Home Solutions
Network Home Solutions


Website
www.motorola.com


Motorola, Inc. (/ˌmoʊtəˈroʊlə/[4]) was an American multinational telecommunications company founded on September 25, 1928, based in Schaumburg, Illinois. After having lost $4.3 billion from 2007 to 2009, the company was divided into two independent public companies, Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions on January 4, 2011.[5] Motorola Solutions is generally considered to be the direct successor to Motorola, as the reorganization was structured with Motorola Mobility being spun off.[6] Motorola Mobility was acquired by Lenovo in 2014.[7]
Motorola designed and sold wireless network equipment such as cellular transmission base stations and signal amplifiers. Motorola's home and broadcast network products included set-top boxes, digital video recorders, and network equipment used to enable video broadcasting, computer telephony, and high-definition television. Its business and government customers consisted mainly of wireless voice and broadband systems (used to build private networks), and public safety communications systems like Astro and Dimetra. These businesses (except for set-top boxes and cable modems) are now part of Motorola Solutions. Google sold Motorola Home (the former General Instrument cable businesses) to the Arris Group in December 2012 for US$2.35 billion.[8]
Motorola's wireless telephone handset division was a pioneer in cellular telephones. Also known as the Personal Communication Sector (PCS) prior to 2004, it pioneered the "mobile phone" with DynaTAC, "flip phone" with the MicroTAC as well as the "clam phone" with the StarTAC in the mid-1990s. It had staged a resurgence by the mid-2000s with the Razr, but lost market share in the second half of that decade. Later it focused on smartphones using Google's open-source Android mobile operating system. The first phone to use the newest version of Google's open source OS, Android 2.0, was released on November 2, 2009 as the Motorola Droid (the GSM version launched a month later, in Europe, as the Motorola Milestone).
The handset division (along with cable set-top boxes and cable modems) was later spun off into the independent Motorola Mobility. On May 22, 2012, Google CEO Larry Page announced that Google had closed on its deal to acquire Motorola Mobility.[9] On January 29, 2014, Page announced that pending closure of the deal, Motorola Mobility would be acquired by Chinese technology company Lenovo for US$2.91 billion (subject to certain adjustments).[10] On October 30, 2014, Lenovo finalized its purchase of Motorola Mobility from Google.[11]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Post World War II
1.2 Motorola, post-split


2 Finances
3 Spin-offs

3.1 Television and radio manufacturing
3.2 Iridium
3.3 Government and defense
3.4 Semiconductor
3.5 Automotive
3.6 Biometrics
3.7 Split

3.7.1 Motorola Mobility deal by Google
3.7.2 Motorola Mobility (Google) deal by Lenovo


3.8 Canopy and Orthogon


4 Quality systems
5 Environmental record
6 Sponsorships
7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]




Local branch in Glostrup, Denmark


Motorola started in Chicago, Illinois, as Galvin Manufacturing Corporation (at 847 West Harrison Street)[12] in 1928 when brothers, Paul V. and Joseph E. Galvin,[13][14] purchased the bankrupt Stewart Battery Company's battery-eliminator plans and manufacturing equipment at auction for $750. Galvin Manufacturing Corporation set up shop in a small section of a rented building. The company had $565 in working capital and five employees. The first week's payroll was $63.
The company's first products were battery-eliminators, devices that enabled battery-powered radios to operate on household electricity. Due to advances in radio technology, battery-eliminators soon became obsolete. Paul Galvin learned that some radio technicians were installing sets in cars, and challenged his engineers to design an inexpensive car radio that could be installed in most vehicles. His team was successful, and Galvin was able to demonstrate a working model of the radio at the June 1930 Radio Manufacturers Association convention in Atlantic City, New Jersey. He brought home enough orders to keep the company in business.
Paul Galvin wanted a brand name for Galvin Manufacturing Corporation's new car radio, and created the name “Motorola” by linking "motor" (for motorcar) with "ola" (from Victrola), which was also a popular ending for many companies at the time, e.g. Moviola, Crayola.[15] The company sold its first Motorola branded radio on June 23, 1930, to H.C. Wall of Fort Wayne, Indiana, for $30. The Motorola brand name became so well-known that Galvin Manufacturing Corporation later changed its name to Motorola, Inc.[16]
Galvin Manufacturing Corporation began selling Motorola car-radio receivers to police departments and municipalities in November 1930. The company's first public safety customers (all in the U.S. state of Illinois) included the Village of River Forest, Village of Bellwood Police Department, City of Evanston Police, Illinois State Highway Police, and Cook County (Chicago area) Police.[17]
Many of Motorola's products have been radio-related, starting with a battery eliminator for radios, through the first hand-held walkie-talkie in the world in 1940,[18] defense electronics, cellular infrastructure equipment, and mobile phone manufacturing. In the same year, the company built its research and development program with Dan Noble, a pioneer in FM radio and semiconductor technologies, who joined the company as director of research. The company produced the hand-held AM SCR-536 radio during World War II, which was vital to Allied communication. Motorola ranked 94th among United States corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts.[19]
Motorola went public in 1943,[20] and became Motorola, Inc. in 1947. At that time Motorola's main business was producing and selling televisions and radios.
Post World War II[edit]




Motorola vacuum tube carton




Play media


An advertisement for Motorola televisions from 1951.


In October 1946 Motorola communications equipment carried the first calls on Illinois Bell telephone company's new car radiotelephone service in Chicago. The company began making televisions in 1947, with the model VT-71 with 7-inch cathode ray tube. In 1952 Motorola opened its first international subsidiary in Toronto, Canada to produce radios and televisions. In 1953, the company established the Motorola Foundation to support leading universities in the United States.
In 1955, years after Motorola started its research and development laboratory in Phoenix, Arizona, to research new solid-state technology, Motorola introduced the world's first commercial high-power germanium-based transistor. The present "batwing" logo was also introduced in 1955 (having been created by award-winning Chicago graphic designer Morton Goldsholl in late 1954).
Beginning in 1958, with Explorer 1 Motorola provided radio equipment for most NASA space-flights for decades, including during the 1969 moon landing. A year later it established a subsidiary to conduct licensing and manufacturing for international markets. Motorola created numerous products for use by the government, public safety officials, business installments, and the general public. These products included cell phones, laptops, computer processors, and radio communication devices.
In 1960, it introduced the world's first large-screen portable (19-inch), transistorized, cordless television. According to the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), Motorola had 14,000 employees worldwide of which at least 5,823 employees in 6 plants were located in Illinois. The company headquarters were at 9401 West Grand Avenue in Franklin Park and it listed TV receivers, Stereo-Hi Fi equipment as the products at this plant made by 1,700 employees. The Communications Division was in Chicago at 4545 West Augusta Blvd. where 2,000 employees made electronic communications equipment. The Military Electronics Division was at 1450 North Cicero Avenue, Chicago where 923 employees made microwave and industrial equipment. Two more Chicago locations were listed at 4900 West Flourney Street and at 650 North Pulaski but no employee count was listed for these. The last plant was listed in Quincy, Illinois at 1400 North 30th Street where 1,200 employees made radio assemblies for both home and automobile.[21]
In 1963, it introduced the first rectangular color picture tube. In 1964, the company opened its first Research and development branch outside of the United States, in Israel, under the management of Moses Basin. The modular Quasar brand was introduced in 1967.
In 1969, Neil Armstrong spoke the famous words "one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind" from the Moon on a Motorola transceiver.[22]
In 1973, Motorola demonstrated the first hand-held portable telephone.[23]
In 1974, Motorola introduced its first microprocessor, the 8-bit MC6800, used in automotive, computing and video game applications.[24] That same year, Motorola sold its television business to the Japan-based Matsushita - the parent company of Panasonic.
In 1976, Motorola moved its headquarters to the Chicago suburb of Schaumburg, Illinois.
In 1980, Motorola’s next generation 32-bit microprocessor, the MC68000, led the wave of technologies that spurred the computing revolution in 1984, powering devices from companies such as Apple, Commodore, Atari, Sun, and Hewlett Packard.[25]




Dr. Martin Cooper of Motorola made the first private handheld mobile phone call on a larger prototype model in 1973. This is a reenactment in 2007.


In September 1983, the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) approved the DynaTAC 8000X telephone, the world's first commercial cellular device. By 1998, cellphones accounted for two thirds of Motorola's gross revenue.[26] The company was also strong in semiconductor technology, including integrated circuits used in computers. In particular, it is known for the 6800 family and 68000 family of microprocessors and related peripheral ICs; the processors were used in Atari ST, Commodore Amiga, Color Computer, and Apple Macintosh personal computers and in the early HP laser printers, and some 6800-family peripheral devices were used in the IBM PC series of personal computers.[27] The PowerPC family was developed with IBM and in a partnership with Apple (known as the AIM alliance). Motorola also has a diverse line of communication products, including satellite systems, digital cable boxes and modems.
In 1986, Motorola invented the Six Sigma quality improvement process. This became a global standard. In 1990 General Instrument Corporation, which was later acquired by Motorola, proposed the first all-digital HDTV standard. In the same year the company introduced the Bravo numeric pager which became the world's best-selling pager.
In 1991, Motorola demonstrated the world's first working-prototype digital cellular system and phones using GSM standard in Hanover, Germany. In 1994, Motorola introduced the world's first commercial digital radio system that combined paging, data and cellular communications and voice dispatch in a single radio network and handset. In 1995, Motorola introduced the world's first two-way pager which allowed users to receive text messages and e-mail and reply with a standard response.
In 1998, Motorola was overtaken by Nokia as the world's biggest seller of mobile phone handsets.[22]
On September 15, 1999, Motorola announced it would buy General Instrument in an $11 billion stock swap. General Instrument had long been the No. 1 cable TV equipment provider, supplying cable operators with end-to-end hybrid fiber coax cable solutions. This meant that GI offers all cable TV transmission network components from the head-end to the fiber optic transmission nodes to the cable set-top boxes, now at the availability of Motorola. GI's acquisition created the Broadband Communications Sector (BCS).
In 1999, Motorola separated a portion of its semiconductor business—the Semiconductor Components Group (SCG)-- and formed ON Semiconductor, whose headquarters are located in Phoenix, Arizona.[28]
In June 2000, Motorola and Cisco supplied the world's first commercial GPRS cellular network to BT Cellnet in the United Kingdom. The world's first GPRS cell phone was also developed by Motorola. In August 2000, with recent acquisitions, Motorola reached its peak employment of 150,000 employees worldwide.[29] Two years later, employment would be at 93,000 due to layoffs and spinoffs.
In 2002, Motorola introduced the world's first wireless cable modem gateway which combined a high-speed cable modem router with an ethernet switch and wireless home gateway. In 2003, Motorola introduced the world's first handset to combine a Linux operating system and Java technology with "full PDA functionality". In 2004, Motorola divested its whole semiconductor business to form Freescale Semiconductor.
The Motorola RAZR line sold over 120 million units, which brought the company to the number two mobile phone slot in 2005.
In June 2005, Motorola overtook the intellectual property of Sendo for $30,000 and paid £362,575 for the plant, machinery and equipment.[30]
In June 2006, Motorola acquired the software platform (AJAR) developed by the British company TTP Communications plc.[31] Later in 2006, the firm announced a music subscription service named iRadio. The technology came after a break in a partnership with Apple Computer (which in 2005 had produced an iTunes compatible cell phone ROKR E1, and most recently, mid-2007, its own iPhone). iRadio has many similarities with existing satellite radio services (such as Sirius and XM Radio) by offering live streams of commercial-free music content. Unlike satellite services, however, iRadio content will be downloaded via a broadband internet connection. As of 2008, iRadio has not been commercially released and no further information is available.[32]
In 2007, Motorola acquired Symbol Technologies to provide products and systems for enterprise mobility solutions, including rugged mobile computing, advanced data capture, and radio frequency identification (RFID).
In 2010, Motorola sold its cellular-infrastructure business to Nokia Siemens Networks for $1.2 billion.[33]
Motorola, post-split[edit]
In January 2011, Motorola split into two separate companies, each still using the word Motorola as part of its name. One company, Motorola Solutions (using a blue version of the Motorola logo), is based in the Chicago suburb of Schaumburg, Illinois, and concentrates on police technologies, radios, and commercial needs. The other company, Motorola Mobility (using a red logo), is based in Chicago (formerly in the Chicago suburb of Libertyville, Illinois), and is the mobile handset producer. The split was structured so that Motorola Solutions was the legal successor of the original Motorola, while Motorola Mobility was the spin-off.
On August 15, 2011, Google announced that it would purchase Motorola Mobility for about $12.5 billion.[34] On November 17, 2011, Motorola Mobility stockholders “voted overwhelmingly to approve the proposed merger with Google Inc”.[35]
On May 22, 2012, Google announced that the acquisition of Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. had closed, with Google acquiring MMI for $40.00 per share in cash. ($12.5 billion)[36]
On October 30, 2014, Google sold off Motorola Mobility to Lenovo. The purchase price was approximately US $2.91 billion (subject to certain adjustments), including US$1.41 billion paid at close: US $660 million in cash and US$750 million in Lenovo ordinary shares (subject to a share cap/floor). The remaining US$1.5 billion was paid in the form of a three-year promissory note.
After the purchase, Google maintained ownership of the vast majority of the Motorola Mobility patent portfolio, including current patent applications and invention disclosures, while Lenovo received a license to the portfolio of patents and other intellectual property. Additionally Lenovo received over 2,000 patent assets, as well as the Motorola Mobility brand and trademark portfolio.[37]
Divisional Products:[38]

Enterprise Mobility Solutions: Headquarters located in Schaumburg, Illinois; comprises communications offered to government and public safety sectors and enterprise mobility business. Motorola develops analog and digital two-way radio, voice and data communications products and systems, mobile computing, advanced data capture, wireless infrastructure and RFID solutions to customers worldwide.
Home & Networks Mobility: Headquarters located in Arlington Heights, Illinois; produces end-to-end systems that facilitate uninterrupted access to digital entertainment, information and communications services via wired and wireless mediums. Motorola develops digital video system solutions, interactive set-top devices, voice and data modems for digital subscriber line and cable networks, broadband access systems for cable and satellite television operators, and also wireline carriers and wireless service providers.
Mobile Devices: Headquarters located in Chicago, Illinois; designs wireless handsets, but also licenses much of its intellectual properties. This includes cellular and wireless systems and as well as integrated applications and Bluetooth accessories. Some of their latest gadgets are Moto X Gen 3, Moto X Play, Moto 360 smartwatch, etc.

Finances[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (September 2008)


Motorola's handset division recorded a loss of US$1.2 billion in the fourth quarter of 2007, while the company as a whole earned $100 million during that quarter.[39] It lost several key executives to rivals,[40] and the web site TrustedReviews called the company's products repetitive and uninnovative.[41] Motorola laid off 3,500 workers in January 2008,[42] followed by a further 4,000 job cuts in June[43] and another 20% cut of its research division a few days later.[44] In July 2008, a large number of executives left Motorola to work on Apple Inc.'s iPhone.[45] The company's handset division was also put on offer for sale.[46] Also that month, analyst Mark McKechnie from American Technology Research said that Motorola "would be lucky to fetch $500 million" for selling its handset business. Analyst Richard Windsor said that Motorola might have to pay someone to take the division off the company's hands, and that Motorola may even exit the handset market altogether.[47] Its global market share has been on the decline; from 18.4% of the market in 2007 the company had a share of just 6.0% by Q1 2009, but at last Motorola scored a profit of $26 million in Q2 and showed an increase of 12% in stocks for the first time after losses in many quarters. During the second quarter of 2010, the company reported a profit of $162 million, which compared very favorably to the $26 million earned for the same period the year before. Its Mobile Devices division reported, for the first time in years, earnings of $87 million.[48]
Spin-offs[edit]
Television and radio manufacturing[edit]
In 1974, Motorola divested itself of its television and radio-manufacturing division, which included the Quasar brand of electronics. This division was acquired by Matsushita, already known under its Panasonic brand in North America, where it was looking to expand.
Iridium[edit]
Main article: Iridium (satellite)
Motorola developed the global communication network using a set of 77 satellites. The business ambitions behind this project and the need to raise venture capital to fund the project led to the creation of the Iridium company in the late 1990s. While the technology was proven to work, Iridium failed to attract sufficient customers and it filed for bankruptcy in 1999. Obligations to Motorola and loss of expected revenue caused Motorola to divest the ON Semiconductor (ONNN) business August 4, 1999, raising about $1.1 billion.
Motorola manufactured two satellite phone handsets for this network – the 9500 and 9505 as well as transceiver units. Some of these are still in production by an OEM but sold under the Iridium brand.
Government and defense[edit]
Due to declines in business in 2000 and 2001, Motorola spun off its government and defense business to General Dynamics. The business deal closed September 2001. Thus GD Decision Systems was formed (and later merged with General Dynamics C4 Systems) from Motorola's Integrated Information Systems Group.
Semiconductor[edit]
On August 4, 1999, Motorola, Inc.'s Semiconductor Components Group, manufacturing Motorola's discrete, standard analog and standard logic devices was spun off, recapitalized and established as an independent company named ON Semiconductor.
On October 16, 2004, Motorola announced that it would spin off its Semiconductor Products Sector into a separate company called Freescale Semiconductor, Inc.. The new company began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on July 16 of the following year.
On Dec. 7, 2015 Freescale Inc. was sold to NXP Semiconductor, a European company.
Automotive[edit]
On January 29, 1988, Motorola sold its Arcade, New York facility and automotive alternators, electromechanical speedometers and tachometers products to Prestolite Electric.[49]
In July 2006, Motorola completed the sale of its automotive business to Continental AG. Motorola’s automotive unit had annual sales of $1.6 billion (€1.33 billion) and employed 4,504. The divisions products included telematics systems - like GM's OnStar used for vehicle navigation and safety services, engine and transmission control electronics, vehicle control, electronics and sensors used in steering, braking, and power doors and power windows.
Biometrics[edit]
In 2000, Motorola acquired Printrak International Inc.[50] for $160 million.[51] In doing so, Motorola not only acquired computer aided dispatch and related software, but also acquired Automated fingerprint identification system software.[52]
In October 2008, Motorola agreed to sell its Biometrics business to Safran, a French defense firm. Motorola's biometric business unit was headquartered in Anaheim, Calif. The deal closed in April 2009.[53] The unit became part of Sagem Morpho, which was renamed MorphoTrak.
Split[edit]
On March 26, 2008, Motorola's board of directors approved a split into two different publicly traded companies. This came after talk of selling the handset division to another corporation. These new companies would comprise the business units of the current Motorola Mobile Devices and Motorola Broadband & Mobility Solutions. Originally it was expected that this action would be approved by regulatory bodies and complete by mid-2009, but the split was delayed due to company restructuring problems and the 2008–2009 extreme economic downturn.[54]
On February 11, 2010, Motorola announced its separation into two independent, publicly traded companies,[55] effective Q1 2011. The official split occurred at around 12:00 pm EST on January 4, 2011. The two new companies are called Motorola Mobility (now owned by Lenovo; cell phone and cable television equipment company) and Motorola Solutions (NYSE: MSI; Government and Enterprise Business). Motorola Solutions is generally considered to be the direct successor to Motorola, Inc., as the reorganization was structured with Motorola Mobility being spun off.[6] Motorola Solutions retains Motorola, Inc.'s pre-2011 stock price history, though it retired the old ticker symbol of "MOT" in favor of "MSI."
Motorola Mobility deal by Google[edit]
On August 15, 2011, seven months after Motorola Mobility was spun off into an independent company, Google announced that it would acquire Motorola Mobility for $12.5 billion,[56][57] subject to approval from regulators in the United States and Europe.
According to the filing, Google senior vice president Andy Rubin first reached out to Motorola Mobility in early July 2011 to discuss the purchase by some of Google's competitors of the patent portfolio of Nortel Networks Corp., and to assess its potential impact on the Android ecosystem.
Google boosted its offer for Motorola Mobility by 33% in a single day in early August, even though Motorola wasn't soliciting competing bids. The aggressive bidding by Google showed that[citation needed] the search engine company was under considerable pressure to beef up its patent portfolio to protect its promising Android franchise from a growing number of legal challenges.
According to the filing, Google and Motorola began discussions about Motorola's patent portfolio in early July, as well as the "intellectual property litigation and the potential impact of such litigation on the Android ecosystem".
Although the two companies discussed the possibility of an acquisition after the initial contact by Mr. Rubin, it was only after Motorola pushed back on the idea of patent sale that the acquisition talks picked up steam.
The turning point came during a meeting on July 6. At the meeting, Motorola CEO Sanjay Jha discussed the protection of the Android ecosystem with Google senior vice president Nikesh Arora, and during that talk Jha told Arora that "it could be problematic for Motorola Mobility to continue to exist as a stand-alone entity if it sold a large portion of its patent portfolio".
In connection with these discussions, the two companies signed a confidentiality and non-disclosure agreement that allowed Google to do due diligence on the company's patent portfolio.
On July 21 and 23, Jha met with Arora and Rubin to discuss strategic options between the two companies, agreeing to continue to discuss a potential sale. On the morning of August 15, the two companies entered into a merger agreement at the offered price of $40. On November 17, Motorola Mobility stockholders approved the proposed merger with Google Inc. On April 17, 2013, ARRIS Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARRS) announced that it completed its acquisition of the Motorola Home business from a subsidiary of Google Inc.[58]
Motorola Mobility (Google) deal by Lenovo[edit]
On January 29, 2014, Google announced Lenovo plans to acquire the Motorola Mobility smartphone business. The purchase price is approximately $2.91 billion (subject to certain adjustments), including $1.41 billion paid at close: $660 million in cash and $750 million in Lenovo ordinary shares (subject to a share cap/floor). The remaining $1.5 billion will be paid in the form of a three-year promissory note.
Google maintained ownership of the vast majority of the Motorola Mobility patent portfolio, including active patent applications and invention disclosures. As part of its ongoing relationship with Google, Lenovo received a license to this rich portfolio of patents and other intellectual property. Additionally Lenovo received over 2,000 patent assets, as well as the Motorola Mobility brand and trademark portfolio.[59] On October 30, 2014, Lenovo finalized its purchase of Motorola Mobility from Google.[11]
Canopy and Orthogon[edit]
Cambium Networks was created when Motorola Solutions sold the Canopy and Orthogon businesses in 2011. Cambium Networks has evolved the platform and expanded it to three product lines: Point to Point (PTP) (formerly Orthogon), Point to Multipoint (PMP) (formerly Canopy) and ePMP.
Quality systems[edit]
The Six Sigma quality system was developed at Motorola even though it became best known through its use by General Electric. It was created by engineer Bill Smith, under the direction of Bob Galvin (son of founder Paul Galvin) when he was running the company. Motorola University is one of many places that provide Six Sigma training.
Environmental record[edit]
Motorola, Inc., along with the Arizona Water Co. has been identified as the sources of trichloroethylene (TCE) contamination that took place in Scottsdale, Arizona. The malfunction led to a ban on the use of water that lasted three days and affected almost 5000 people in the area. Motorola was found to be the main source of the TCE, an industrial solvent that cause cancer. The TCE contamination was caused by a faulty blower on an air stripping tower that was used to take TCE from the water, and Motorola has attributed the situation to operator error.[60]
Of eighteen leading electronics manufacturers in Greenpeace’s Guide to Greener Electronics (October 2010), Motorola shares sixth place with competitors Panasonic and Sony).[61]
Motorola scores relatively well on the chemicals criteria and has a goal to eliminate PVC plastic and brominated flame retardants (BFRs), though only in mobile devices and not in all its products introduced after 2010, despite the fact that Sony Ericsson and Nokia are already there. All of its mobile phones are now PVC-free and it has two PVC and BFR-free mobile phones, the A45 ECO and the GRASP; all chargers are also free from PVC and BFRs.[61]
The company is also increasing the proportion of recycled materials that used in its products. For example, the housings for the MOTO W233 Renew and MOTOCUBO A45 Eco mobile phones contain plastic from post-consumer recycled water cooler bottles.[62] According to the company’s information, all of Motorola’s newly designed chargers meet the current Energy Star requirements and exceed the requirements for standby/no-load modes by at least 67%.[63]
Sponsorships[edit]
Motorola sponsored Scottish Premier League club Motherwell F.C. for 11 years. This long term deal ended after the company started to reduce its manufacturing operations in Scotland. The company also sponsored Livingston F.C. between 1998 and 2002. The company also had a plant on the edge of the town. However, this closed down at the same time as their sponsorship with the club ended. The South Stand at Livingston's Almondvale Stadium, was named after the company, during their time of sponsorship. The company also sponsored a cycling team that counted Lance Armstrong amongst its members. Motorola is also a sponsor of Danica Patrick, David Beckham, and Fergie. It also sponsored the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League from 2004 to 2007. Motorola sponsored São Paulo FC from 2000 to 2001. Motorola also sponsored Club Bolívar since 2008. Motorola awarded TrackIT Solutions for being "The company with most Innovative Enterprise Mobility Solution" in 2010.
Motorola sponsored Indian Premier League team Rising Pune Supergiant
In Madden NFL 07 franchise mode, a Motorola phone is used to communicate with coaches and agents.
Robby Gordon was sponsored by Motorola in 2007 and 2008. Motorola is on Gordon's car in NASCAR 07 and NASCAR 08.
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Telecommunications portal



List of companies of the United States
List of electronics companies

References[edit]


^ "Motorola Office Locations". Retrieved July 26, 2010.
^ a b "Motorola Solutions, Inc. 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 13, 2014. 
^ [http://files.shareholder.com/downloads/ABEA-58XVPR/2044382714x0x561829/C636C146-7901-45E3-BC3C-6A82FD06B763/MMI_-_2011_Final_Annual_Report_291113_030.pdf}}
^ Jones, Daniel (2003) [1917], Peter Roach, James Hartmann and Jane Setter, eds., English Pronouncing Dictionary, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, ISBN 3-12-539683-2 CS1 maint: Uses editors parameter (link)
^ Ante, Spencer E. (January 5, 2011). "Motorola Is Split Into Two". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ a b "Motorola Solutions Inc: NYSE:MSI quotes & news – Google Finance". Google. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ Roger Cheng, CNET. "It's official: Motorola Mobility now belongs to Lenovo." October 30, 2014 . Retrieved March 7, 2017.
^ Gelles, Claire Cain Miller and David. "After Big Bet, Google Is to Sell Motorola Unit". Retrieved 26 June 2016. 
^ "We’ve acquired Motorola Mobility". Google Official Blog. Retrieved May 22, 2012. 
^ Lenovo to Acquire Motorola Mobility from Google – Investor Relations – Google. Investor.google.com. Retrieved on 2014-01-30.
^ a b "Hello Moto". Lenovo. Retrieved October 30, 2014. 
^ Mahon, Morgan E. A Flick of the Switch 1930–1950 (Antiques Electronics Supply, 1990), p.111.
^ "Joseph E. Galvin (1899 - 1944) - Find A Grave Memorial". Retrieved 26 June 2016. 
^ "Paul Vincent Galvin (1895 - 1959) - Find A Grave Memorial". Retrieved 26 June 2016. 
^ "The naming origin of Motorola" HighNames, accessed May 16, 2015, http://highnames.com/motorola-naming-origin/
^ Harry Mark Petrakis, The Founder’s Touch: The Life of Paul Galvin of Motorola (Chicago: McGraw-hill, 1965), 58-93; “Sound in Motion,” Motorola Solutions History, accessed November 5, 2014,
^ “Calling All Cars,” Motorola Solutions History, accessed November 5, 2014, http://www.motorolasolutions.com/US-EN/About/Company+Overview/History/Explore+Motorola+Heritage/Calling+All+Cars.
^ “Handie-Talkie Radio,” Motorola Solutions History, accessed November 5, 2014, http://www.motorolasolutions.com/US-EN/About/Company+Overview/History/Explore+Motorola+Heritage/Handie-Talkie+Radio
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Motorola Solutions History, “A Legacy of Innovation: Timeline of Motorola History Since 1928.”
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc., Chicago, IL, 1962, p. 1108
^ a b Hempel, Jessi (September 28, 2009). "Motorola gets in the game". CNNMoney.com. Retrieved May 30, 2012. 
^ "Historic News Releases". Motorola Inc. Archived from the original on January 5, 2011. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola: 75 Years of Intelligent Thinking", 2003, page 42
^ "Motorola - A Journey Through Time & Technology” pages 75 – 79
^ John F. Mitchell, Time Magazine Milestones section, July 6, 2009, p.17
^ These include the MC6845 CRT Controller—used in the MDA and CGA adapters and the PCjr and emulated in the EGA, MCGA, and VGA—and the MC146818 real-time clock in the IBM AT.
^ "ON Semiconductor". ON Semiconductor. Retrieved April 18, 2013. 
^ "Motorola layoffs". Chicago Tribune. 28 June 2002. Retrieved 9 January 2015. 
^ King, Ben (September 28, 2005). "How Britain lost Sendo". The Register. Retrieved January 16, 2011. 
^ "Motorola acquires TTPCom AJAR Software Platform". Motorola Inc. Archived from the original on April 16, 2007. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "iRadio". Motorola Inc. Retrieved February 3, 2008. 
^ JENNA WORTHAM, The New York Times. "Nokia Siemens Agrees to Pay Cash for Division of Motorola." July 19, 2010. Retrieved Jan 20, 2017.
^ "Google's Motorola acquisition: Nail in the Android patent coffin?". ZDNet. Retrieved 2012-02-19. 
^ "Motorola Mobility Stockholders Approve Merger with Google". Motorola Mobility, Inc. November 17, 2011. Archived from the original on November 20, 2011. Retrieved November 28, 2011. 
^ "Google Press Announcement". 
^ "Google Press Announcement". 
^ "Motorola Mobility – Motorola Solutions – About Motorola – Directional Landing Page". Motorola Inc. January 4, 2011. Archived from the original on November 13, 2008. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola profit slides on mobile woes; shares hit 5-year low". MarketWatch. January 23, 2008. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola CTO Richard Nottenburg takes off". Engadget. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola Phones Sales Crash 38 Per Cent". TrustedReviews. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola to lay off 3,500". Engadget Mobile. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola cuts another 4,000 jobs". Engadget Mobile. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ slashing 20% of its research division
^ "Motorola sues former employee turned Apple exec for ganking trade secrets". Engadget. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola insider tells all about the fall of a technology icon". Engadget. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ Olga Kharif and Roger O. Crockett (July 10, 2008). "Motorola's Market Share Mess". BusinessWeek. Retrieved August 4, 2008. 
^ "Motorola ends fiscal Q2 with healthy profit – GSMArena.com news". Gsmarena.com. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Detailed History". Prestolite Electric Inc. Retrieved 2012-06-13. 
^ "Printrak a Motorola Company" answers.com. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ "Motorola to Buy Printrak for $160 Million" Los Angeles Times, 2000-08-30. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ "Law enforcement enlists fingerprint technology to fight crime Contract awards latest in string of wins for Printrak International" findarticles.com, 1995-04-27. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ "Safran Completes Acquisition of Motorola's Biometrics Business" Motorola Solutions website, 2009-04-07. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ Reardon, M.: "As losses return, Motorola delays its split", "CNET News", 2008-10-30. Retrieved April 26, 2009
^ "Motorola Mobility, Inc. – Media Center – Press Releases – Motorola Targets First Quarter 2011 to Separate into Two Independent, Publicly Traded Companies". Mediacenter.motorola.com. February 11, 2010. Archived from the original on February 14, 2010. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ Tsukayama, Hayley (August 15, 2011). "Google agrees to acquire Motorola Mobility". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 15, 2011. 
^ "Google to Acquire Motorola Mobility" (Press release). Google. August 15, 2011. Retrieved August 15, 2011. 
^ Richard Lawler, EnGadget. "Arris closes deal to buy Motorola Home cable and internet biz from Google." April 17, 2013. Retrieved Jun 3, 2017.
^ Lenovo to Acquire Motorola Mobility from Google – Investor Relations – Google. Investor.google.com. Retrieved on 2014-01-30.
^ Balazs, Diana (May 9, 2008). "Companies trying to prevent PV water pollution". The Arizona Republic. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ a b "Greenpeace – Guide to Greener Electronics". Greenpeace International. Retrieved January 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola – Material content". Motorola. Archived from the original on August 8, 2010. Retrieved January 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola – Energy efficiency". Motorola. Archived from the original on August 9, 2010. Retrieved January 12, 2011. 


Further reading[edit]

Gart, Jason H. (2006). "Electronics and Aerospace Industry in Cold War Arizona, 1945–1968 – Motorola, Hughes Aircraft, Goodyear Aircraft". Arizona State University.  Phd diss.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Motorola.



Official website
"For Google, The Motorola Deal Was All About The Patents At First", by Spencer E. Ante, The Wall Street Journal, Sep 14, 2011.







v
t
e


Motorola



People



Paul V. Galvin
Sanjay Jha





Subsidiaries and spinoffs



Motorola Mobility (spinoff)
Freescale Semiconductor (spinoff)
ON Semiconductor (spinoff)
Iridium Communications (spinoff)
Motorola Solutions (subsidiary)
Sendo (acquisition)





Technologies



FLEX
iDEN
iTap
MOTO Talk
Motorola phone AT commands
PowerSource
SCREEN3





Consortia



88open
Advanced Digital Radio Testing Service
Motorola University





Related



List of semiconductor fabrication plants
Motorola affair
Motorola Mobility v. Apple Inc.












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Motorola&oldid=790816573"					
Categories: Motorola1928 establishments in Illinois2011 disestablishments in IllinoisAmerican companies established in 1928Companies based in Cook County, IllinoisCompanies formerly listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeDefunct companies based in IllinoisDefunct manufacturing companies of the United StatesDefunct mobile phone manufacturersElectronics companies established in 1928Electronics companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies disestablished in 2011Manufacturing companies established in 1928National Medal of Technology recipientsSchaumburg, IllinoisSysML PartnersTechnology companies established in 1928Telecommunications companies of the United StatesHidden categories: CS1 maint: Uses editors parameterPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles to be expanded from September 2008All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançais한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीمصرىBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålਪੰਜਾਬੀPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言吴语粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 08:18.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Motorola - Wikipedia





















 






Motorola

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Motorola (disambiguation).

Motorola, Inc.





Type

Public


Industry
Telecommunications


Fate
Divided into Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions


Successor
Motorola Mobility
Motorola Solutions
Freescale Semiconductor
ON Semiconductor
Arris Group (General Instrument)
Cambium Networks


Founded
September 25, 1928; 88 years ago (1928-09-25) (as the Galvin Manufacturing Corporation)


Headquarters
1303 East Algonquin Road,[1] Schaumburg, Illinois, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide


Products
Tablet computers
Mobile phones
Smartphones
Two-way radios
Networking systems
Cable television systems
Wireless broadband networks
RFID systems
Mobile telephone infrastructure


Total assets



 US$ 11.851 billion (2013)[2]
 US$ 12.679 billion (2012)[2]






Number of employees

40,000 (2014)[3]


Divisions
Mobile Phone Devices
Connected Home Solutions
Network Home Solutions


Website
www.motorola.com


Motorola, Inc. (/ˌmoʊtəˈroʊlə/[4]) was an American multinational telecommunications company founded on September 25, 1928, based in Schaumburg, Illinois. After having lost $4.3 billion from 2007 to 2009, the company was divided into two independent public companies, Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions on January 4, 2011.[5] Motorola Solutions is generally considered to be the direct successor to Motorola, as the reorganization was structured with Motorola Mobility being spun off.[6] Motorola Mobility was acquired by Lenovo in 2014.[7]
Motorola designed and sold wireless network equipment such as cellular transmission base stations and signal amplifiers. Motorola's home and broadcast network products included set-top boxes, digital video recorders, and network equipment used to enable video broadcasting, computer telephony, and high-definition television. Its business and government customers consisted mainly of wireless voice and broadband systems (used to build private networks), and public safety communications systems like Astro and Dimetra. These businesses (except for set-top boxes and cable modems) are now part of Motorola Solutions. Google sold Motorola Home (the former General Instrument cable businesses) to the Arris Group in December 2012 for US$2.35 billion.[8]
Motorola's wireless telephone handset division was a pioneer in cellular telephones. Also known as the Personal Communication Sector (PCS) prior to 2004, it pioneered the "mobile phone" with DynaTAC, "flip phone" with the MicroTAC as well as the "clam phone" with the StarTAC in the mid-1990s. It had staged a resurgence by the mid-2000s with the Razr, but lost market share in the second half of that decade. Later it focused on smartphones using Google's open-source Android mobile operating system. The first phone to use the newest version of Google's open source OS, Android 2.0, was released on November 2, 2009 as the Motorola Droid (the GSM version launched a month later, in Europe, as the Motorola Milestone).
The handset division (along with cable set-top boxes and cable modems) was later spun off into the independent Motorola Mobility. On May 22, 2012, Google CEO Larry Page announced that Google had closed on its deal to acquire Motorola Mobility.[9] On January 29, 2014, Page announced that pending closure of the deal, Motorola Mobility would be acquired by Chinese technology company Lenovo for US$2.91 billion (subject to certain adjustments).[10] On October 30, 2014, Lenovo finalized its purchase of Motorola Mobility from Google.[11]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Post World War II
1.2 Motorola, post-split


2 Finances
3 Spin-offs

3.1 Television and radio manufacturing
3.2 Iridium
3.3 Government and defense
3.4 Semiconductor
3.5 Automotive
3.6 Biometrics
3.7 Split

3.7.1 Motorola Mobility deal by Google
3.7.2 Motorola Mobility (Google) deal by Lenovo


3.8 Canopy and Orthogon


4 Quality systems
5 Environmental record
6 Sponsorships
7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]




Local branch in Glostrup, Denmark


Motorola started in Chicago, Illinois, as Galvin Manufacturing Corporation (at 847 West Harrison Street)[12] in 1928 when brothers, Paul V. and Joseph E. Galvin,[13][14] purchased the bankrupt Stewart Battery Company's battery-eliminator plans and manufacturing equipment at auction for $750. Galvin Manufacturing Corporation set up shop in a small section of a rented building. The company had $565 in working capital and five employees. The first week's payroll was $63.
The company's first products were battery-eliminators, devices that enabled battery-powered radios to operate on household electricity. Due to advances in radio technology, battery-eliminators soon became obsolete. Paul Galvin learned that some radio technicians were installing sets in cars, and challenged his engineers to design an inexpensive car radio that could be installed in most vehicles. His team was successful, and Galvin was able to demonstrate a working model of the radio at the June 1930 Radio Manufacturers Association convention in Atlantic City, New Jersey. He brought home enough orders to keep the company in business.
Paul Galvin wanted a brand name for Galvin Manufacturing Corporation's new car radio, and created the name “Motorola” by linking "motor" (for motorcar) with "ola" (from Victrola), which was also a popular ending for many companies at the time, e.g. Moviola, Crayola.[15] The company sold its first Motorola branded radio on June 23, 1930, to H.C. Wall of Fort Wayne, Indiana, for $30. The Motorola brand name became so well-known that Galvin Manufacturing Corporation later changed its name to Motorola, Inc.[16]
Galvin Manufacturing Corporation began selling Motorola car-radio receivers to police departments and municipalities in November 1930. The company's first public safety customers (all in the U.S. state of Illinois) included the Village of River Forest, Village of Bellwood Police Department, City of Evanston Police, Illinois State Highway Police, and Cook County (Chicago area) Police.[17]
Many of Motorola's products have been radio-related, starting with a battery eliminator for radios, through the first hand-held walkie-talkie in the world in 1940,[18] defense electronics, cellular infrastructure equipment, and mobile phone manufacturing. In the same year, the company built its research and development program with Dan Noble, a pioneer in FM radio and semiconductor technologies, who joined the company as director of research. The company produced the hand-held AM SCR-536 radio during World War II, which was vital to Allied communication. Motorola ranked 94th among United States corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts.[19]
Motorola went public in 1943,[20] and became Motorola, Inc. in 1947. At that time Motorola's main business was producing and selling televisions and radios.
Post World War II[edit]




Motorola vacuum tube carton




Play media


An advertisement for Motorola televisions from 1951.


In October 1946 Motorola communications equipment carried the first calls on Illinois Bell telephone company's new car radiotelephone service in Chicago. The company began making televisions in 1947, with the model VT-71 with 7-inch cathode ray tube. In 1952 Motorola opened its first international subsidiary in Toronto, Canada to produce radios and televisions. In 1953, the company established the Motorola Foundation to support leading universities in the United States.
In 1955, years after Motorola started its research and development laboratory in Phoenix, Arizona, to research new solid-state technology, Motorola introduced the world's first commercial high-power germanium-based transistor. The present "batwing" logo was also introduced in 1955 (having been created by award-winning Chicago graphic designer Morton Goldsholl in late 1954).
Beginning in 1958, with Explorer 1 Motorola provided radio equipment for most NASA space-flights for decades, including during the 1969 moon landing. A year later it established a subsidiary to conduct licensing and manufacturing for international markets. Motorola created numerous products for use by the government, public safety officials, business installments, and the general public. These products included cell phones, laptops, computer processors, and radio communication devices.
In 1960, it introduced the world's first large-screen portable (19-inch), transistorized, cordless television. According to the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), Motorola had 14,000 employees worldwide of which at least 5,823 employees in 6 plants were located in Illinois. The company headquarters were at 9401 West Grand Avenue in Franklin Park and it listed TV receivers, Stereo-Hi Fi equipment as the products at this plant made by 1,700 employees. The Communications Division was in Chicago at 4545 West Augusta Blvd. where 2,000 employees made electronic communications equipment. The Military Electronics Division was at 1450 North Cicero Avenue, Chicago where 923 employees made microwave and industrial equipment. Two more Chicago locations were listed at 4900 West Flourney Street and at 650 North Pulaski but no employee count was listed for these. The last plant was listed in Quincy, Illinois at 1400 North 30th Street where 1,200 employees made radio assemblies for both home and automobile.[21]
In 1963, it introduced the first rectangular color picture tube. In 1964, the company opened its first Research and development branch outside of the United States, in Israel, under the management of Moses Basin. The modular Quasar brand was introduced in 1967.
In 1969, Neil Armstrong spoke the famous words "one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind" from the Moon on a Motorola transceiver.[22]
In 1973, Motorola demonstrated the first hand-held portable telephone.[23]
In 1974, Motorola introduced its first microprocessor, the 8-bit MC6800, used in automotive, computing and video game applications.[24] That same year, Motorola sold its television business to the Japan-based Matsushita - the parent company of Panasonic.
In 1976, Motorola moved its headquarters to the Chicago suburb of Schaumburg, Illinois.
In 1980, Motorola’s next generation 32-bit microprocessor, the MC68000, led the wave of technologies that spurred the computing revolution in 1984, powering devices from companies such as Apple, Commodore, Atari, Sun, and Hewlett Packard.[25]




Dr. Martin Cooper of Motorola made the first private handheld mobile phone call on a larger prototype model in 1973. This is a reenactment in 2007.


In September 1983, the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) approved the DynaTAC 8000X telephone, the world's first commercial cellular device. By 1998, cellphones accounted for two thirds of Motorola's gross revenue.[26] The company was also strong in semiconductor technology, including integrated circuits used in computers. In particular, it is known for the 6800 family and 68000 family of microprocessors and related peripheral ICs; the processors were used in Atari ST, Commodore Amiga, Color Computer, and Apple Macintosh personal computers and in the early HP laser printers, and some 6800-family peripheral devices were used in the IBM PC series of personal computers.[27] The PowerPC family was developed with IBM and in a partnership with Apple (known as the AIM alliance). Motorola also has a diverse line of communication products, including satellite systems, digital cable boxes and modems.
In 1986, Motorola invented the Six Sigma quality improvement process. This became a global standard. In 1990 General Instrument Corporation, which was later acquired by Motorola, proposed the first all-digital HDTV standard. In the same year the company introduced the Bravo numeric pager which became the world's best-selling pager.
In 1991, Motorola demonstrated the world's first working-prototype digital cellular system and phones using GSM standard in Hanover, Germany. In 1994, Motorola introduced the world's first commercial digital radio system that combined paging, data and cellular communications and voice dispatch in a single radio network and handset. In 1995, Motorola introduced the world's first two-way pager which allowed users to receive text messages and e-mail and reply with a standard response.
In 1998, Motorola was overtaken by Nokia as the world's biggest seller of mobile phone handsets.[22]
On September 15, 1999, Motorola announced it would buy General Instrument in an $11 billion stock swap. General Instrument had long been the No. 1 cable TV equipment provider, supplying cable operators with end-to-end hybrid fiber coax cable solutions. This meant that GI offers all cable TV transmission network components from the head-end to the fiber optic transmission nodes to the cable set-top boxes, now at the availability of Motorola. GI's acquisition created the Broadband Communications Sector (BCS).
In 1999, Motorola separated a portion of its semiconductor business—the Semiconductor Components Group (SCG)-- and formed ON Semiconductor, whose headquarters are located in Phoenix, Arizona.[28]
In June 2000, Motorola and Cisco supplied the world's first commercial GPRS cellular network to BT Cellnet in the United Kingdom. The world's first GPRS cell phone was also developed by Motorola. In August 2000, with recent acquisitions, Motorola reached its peak employment of 150,000 employees worldwide.[29] Two years later, employment would be at 93,000 due to layoffs and spinoffs.
In 2002, Motorola introduced the world's first wireless cable modem gateway which combined a high-speed cable modem router with an ethernet switch and wireless home gateway. In 2003, Motorola introduced the world's first handset to combine a Linux operating system and Java technology with "full PDA functionality". In 2004, Motorola divested its whole semiconductor business to form Freescale Semiconductor.
The Motorola RAZR line sold over 120 million units, which brought the company to the number two mobile phone slot in 2005.
In June 2005, Motorola overtook the intellectual property of Sendo for $30,000 and paid £362,575 for the plant, machinery and equipment.[30]
In June 2006, Motorola acquired the software platform (AJAR) developed by the British company TTP Communications plc.[31] Later in 2006, the firm announced a music subscription service named iRadio. The technology came after a break in a partnership with Apple Computer (which in 2005 had produced an iTunes compatible cell phone ROKR E1, and most recently, mid-2007, its own iPhone). iRadio has many similarities with existing satellite radio services (such as Sirius and XM Radio) by offering live streams of commercial-free music content. Unlike satellite services, however, iRadio content will be downloaded via a broadband internet connection. As of 2008, iRadio has not been commercially released and no further information is available.[32]
In 2007, Motorola acquired Symbol Technologies to provide products and systems for enterprise mobility solutions, including rugged mobile computing, advanced data capture, and radio frequency identification (RFID).
In 2010, Motorola sold its cellular-infrastructure business to Nokia Siemens Networks for $1.2 billion.[33]
Motorola, post-split[edit]
In January 2011, Motorola split into two separate companies, each still using the word Motorola as part of its name. One company, Motorola Solutions (using a blue version of the Motorola logo), is based in the Chicago suburb of Schaumburg, Illinois, and concentrates on police technologies, radios, and commercial needs. The other company, Motorola Mobility (using a red logo), is based in Chicago (formerly in the Chicago suburb of Libertyville, Illinois), and is the mobile handset producer. The split was structured so that Motorola Solutions was the legal successor of the original Motorola, while Motorola Mobility was the spin-off.
On August 15, 2011, Google announced that it would purchase Motorola Mobility for about $12.5 billion.[34] On November 17, 2011, Motorola Mobility stockholders “voted overwhelmingly to approve the proposed merger with Google Inc”.[35]
On May 22, 2012, Google announced that the acquisition of Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. had closed, with Google acquiring MMI for $40.00 per share in cash. ($12.5 billion)[36]
On October 30, 2014, Google sold off Motorola Mobility to Lenovo. The purchase price was approximately US $2.91 billion (subject to certain adjustments), including US$1.41 billion paid at close: US $660 million in cash and US$750 million in Lenovo ordinary shares (subject to a share cap/floor). The remaining US$1.5 billion was paid in the form of a three-year promissory note.
After the purchase, Google maintained ownership of the vast majority of the Motorola Mobility patent portfolio, including current patent applications and invention disclosures, while Lenovo received a license to the portfolio of patents and other intellectual property. Additionally Lenovo received over 2,000 patent assets, as well as the Motorola Mobility brand and trademark portfolio.[37]
Divisional Products:[38]

Enterprise Mobility Solutions: Headquarters located in Schaumburg, Illinois; comprises communications offered to government and public safety sectors and enterprise mobility business. Motorola develops analog and digital two-way radio, voice and data communications products and systems, mobile computing, advanced data capture, wireless infrastructure and RFID solutions to customers worldwide.
Home & Networks Mobility: Headquarters located in Arlington Heights, Illinois; produces end-to-end systems that facilitate uninterrupted access to digital entertainment, information and communications services via wired and wireless mediums. Motorola develops digital video system solutions, interactive set-top devices, voice and data modems for digital subscriber line and cable networks, broadband access systems for cable and satellite television operators, and also wireline carriers and wireless service providers.
Mobile Devices: Headquarters located in Chicago, Illinois; designs wireless handsets, but also licenses much of its intellectual properties. This includes cellular and wireless systems and as well as integrated applications and Bluetooth accessories. Some of their latest gadgets are Moto X Gen 3, Moto X Play, Moto 360 smartwatch, etc.

Finances[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (September 2008)


Motorola's handset division recorded a loss of US$1.2 billion in the fourth quarter of 2007, while the company as a whole earned $100 million during that quarter.[39] It lost several key executives to rivals,[40] and the web site TrustedReviews called the company's products repetitive and uninnovative.[41] Motorola laid off 3,500 workers in January 2008,[42] followed by a further 4,000 job cuts in June[43] and another 20% cut of its research division a few days later.[44] In July 2008, a large number of executives left Motorola to work on Apple Inc.'s iPhone.[45] The company's handset division was also put on offer for sale.[46] Also that month, analyst Mark McKechnie from American Technology Research said that Motorola "would be lucky to fetch $500 million" for selling its handset business. Analyst Richard Windsor said that Motorola might have to pay someone to take the division off the company's hands, and that Motorola may even exit the handset market altogether.[47] Its global market share has been on the decline; from 18.4% of the market in 2007 the company had a share of just 6.0% by Q1 2009, but at last Motorola scored a profit of $26 million in Q2 and showed an increase of 12% in stocks for the first time after losses in many quarters. During the second quarter of 2010, the company reported a profit of $162 million, which compared very favorably to the $26 million earned for the same period the year before. Its Mobile Devices division reported, for the first time in years, earnings of $87 million.[48]
Spin-offs[edit]
Television and radio manufacturing[edit]
In 1974, Motorola divested itself of its television and radio-manufacturing division, which included the Quasar brand of electronics. This division was acquired by Matsushita, already known under its Panasonic brand in North America, where it was looking to expand.
Iridium[edit]
Main article: Iridium (satellite)
Motorola developed the global communication network using a set of 77 satellites. The business ambitions behind this project and the need to raise venture capital to fund the project led to the creation of the Iridium company in the late 1990s. While the technology was proven to work, Iridium failed to attract sufficient customers and it filed for bankruptcy in 1999. Obligations to Motorola and loss of expected revenue caused Motorola to divest the ON Semiconductor (ONNN) business August 4, 1999, raising about $1.1 billion.
Motorola manufactured two satellite phone handsets for this network – the 9500 and 9505 as well as transceiver units. Some of these are still in production by an OEM but sold under the Iridium brand.
Government and defense[edit]
Due to declines in business in 2000 and 2001, Motorola spun off its government and defense business to General Dynamics. The business deal closed September 2001. Thus GD Decision Systems was formed (and later merged with General Dynamics C4 Systems) from Motorola's Integrated Information Systems Group.
Semiconductor[edit]
On August 4, 1999, Motorola, Inc.'s Semiconductor Components Group, manufacturing Motorola's discrete, standard analog and standard logic devices was spun off, recapitalized and established as an independent company named ON Semiconductor.
On October 16, 2004, Motorola announced that it would spin off its Semiconductor Products Sector into a separate company called Freescale Semiconductor, Inc.. The new company began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on July 16 of the following year.
On Dec. 7, 2015 Freescale Inc. was sold to NXP Semiconductor, a European company.
Automotive[edit]
On January 29, 1988, Motorola sold its Arcade, New York facility and automotive alternators, electromechanical speedometers and tachometers products to Prestolite Electric.[49]
In July 2006, Motorola completed the sale of its automotive business to Continental AG. Motorola’s automotive unit had annual sales of $1.6 billion (€1.33 billion) and employed 4,504. The divisions products included telematics systems - like GM's OnStar used for vehicle navigation and safety services, engine and transmission control electronics, vehicle control, electronics and sensors used in steering, braking, and power doors and power windows.
Biometrics[edit]
In 2000, Motorola acquired Printrak International Inc.[50] for $160 million.[51] In doing so, Motorola not only acquired computer aided dispatch and related software, but also acquired Automated fingerprint identification system software.[52]
In October 2008, Motorola agreed to sell its Biometrics business to Safran, a French defense firm. Motorola's biometric business unit was headquartered in Anaheim, Calif. The deal closed in April 2009.[53] The unit became part of Sagem Morpho, which was renamed MorphoTrak.
Split[edit]
On March 26, 2008, Motorola's board of directors approved a split into two different publicly traded companies. This came after talk of selling the handset division to another corporation. These new companies would comprise the business units of the current Motorola Mobile Devices and Motorola Broadband & Mobility Solutions. Originally it was expected that this action would be approved by regulatory bodies and complete by mid-2009, but the split was delayed due to company restructuring problems and the 2008–2009 extreme economic downturn.[54]
On February 11, 2010, Motorola announced its separation into two independent, publicly traded companies,[55] effective Q1 2011. The official split occurred at around 12:00 pm EST on January 4, 2011. The two new companies are called Motorola Mobility (now owned by Lenovo; cell phone and cable television equipment company) and Motorola Solutions (NYSE: MSI; Government and Enterprise Business). Motorola Solutions is generally considered to be the direct successor to Motorola, Inc., as the reorganization was structured with Motorola Mobility being spun off.[6] Motorola Solutions retains Motorola, Inc.'s pre-2011 stock price history, though it retired the old ticker symbol of "MOT" in favor of "MSI."
Motorola Mobility deal by Google[edit]
On August 15, 2011, seven months after Motorola Mobility was spun off into an independent company, Google announced that it would acquire Motorola Mobility for $12.5 billion,[56][57] subject to approval from regulators in the United States and Europe.
According to the filing, Google senior vice president Andy Rubin first reached out to Motorola Mobility in early July 2011 to discuss the purchase by some of Google's competitors of the patent portfolio of Nortel Networks Corp., and to assess its potential impact on the Android ecosystem.
Google boosted its offer for Motorola Mobility by 33% in a single day in early August, even though Motorola wasn't soliciting competing bids. The aggressive bidding by Google showed that[citation needed] the search engine company was under considerable pressure to beef up its patent portfolio to protect its promising Android franchise from a growing number of legal challenges.
According to the filing, Google and Motorola began discussions about Motorola's patent portfolio in early July, as well as the "intellectual property litigation and the potential impact of such litigation on the Android ecosystem".
Although the two companies discussed the possibility of an acquisition after the initial contact by Mr. Rubin, it was only after Motorola pushed back on the idea of patent sale that the acquisition talks picked up steam.
The turning point came during a meeting on July 6. At the meeting, Motorola CEO Sanjay Jha discussed the protection of the Android ecosystem with Google senior vice president Nikesh Arora, and during that talk Jha told Arora that "it could be problematic for Motorola Mobility to continue to exist as a stand-alone entity if it sold a large portion of its patent portfolio".
In connection with these discussions, the two companies signed a confidentiality and non-disclosure agreement that allowed Google to do due diligence on the company's patent portfolio.
On July 21 and 23, Jha met with Arora and Rubin to discuss strategic options between the two companies, agreeing to continue to discuss a potential sale. On the morning of August 15, the two companies entered into a merger agreement at the offered price of $40. On November 17, Motorola Mobility stockholders approved the proposed merger with Google Inc. On April 17, 2013, ARRIS Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARRS) announced that it completed its acquisition of the Motorola Home business from a subsidiary of Google Inc.[58]
Motorola Mobility (Google) deal by Lenovo[edit]
On January 29, 2014, Google announced Lenovo plans to acquire the Motorola Mobility smartphone business. The purchase price is approximately $2.91 billion (subject to certain adjustments), including $1.41 billion paid at close: $660 million in cash and $750 million in Lenovo ordinary shares (subject to a share cap/floor). The remaining $1.5 billion will be paid in the form of a three-year promissory note.
Google maintained ownership of the vast majority of the Motorola Mobility patent portfolio, including active patent applications and invention disclosures. As part of its ongoing relationship with Google, Lenovo received a license to this rich portfolio of patents and other intellectual property. Additionally Lenovo received over 2,000 patent assets, as well as the Motorola Mobility brand and trademark portfolio.[59] On October 30, 2014, Lenovo finalized its purchase of Motorola Mobility from Google.[11]
Canopy and Orthogon[edit]
Cambium Networks was created when Motorola Solutions sold the Canopy and Orthogon businesses in 2011. Cambium Networks has evolved the platform and expanded it to three product lines: Point to Point (PTP) (formerly Orthogon), Point to Multipoint (PMP) (formerly Canopy) and ePMP.
Quality systems[edit]
The Six Sigma quality system was developed at Motorola even though it became best known through its use by General Electric. It was created by engineer Bill Smith, under the direction of Bob Galvin (son of founder Paul Galvin) when he was running the company. Motorola University is one of many places that provide Six Sigma training.
Environmental record[edit]
Motorola, Inc., along with the Arizona Water Co. has been identified as the sources of trichloroethylene (TCE) contamination that took place in Scottsdale, Arizona. The malfunction led to a ban on the use of water that lasted three days and affected almost 5000 people in the area. Motorola was found to be the main source of the TCE, an industrial solvent that cause cancer. The TCE contamination was caused by a faulty blower on an air stripping tower that was used to take TCE from the water, and Motorola has attributed the situation to operator error.[60]
Of eighteen leading electronics manufacturers in Greenpeace’s Guide to Greener Electronics (October 2010), Motorola shares sixth place with competitors Panasonic and Sony).[61]
Motorola scores relatively well on the chemicals criteria and has a goal to eliminate PVC plastic and brominated flame retardants (BFRs), though only in mobile devices and not in all its products introduced after 2010, despite the fact that Sony Ericsson and Nokia are already there. All of its mobile phones are now PVC-free and it has two PVC and BFR-free mobile phones, the A45 ECO and the GRASP; all chargers are also free from PVC and BFRs.[61]
The company is also increasing the proportion of recycled materials that used in its products. For example, the housings for the MOTO W233 Renew and MOTOCUBO A45 Eco mobile phones contain plastic from post-consumer recycled water cooler bottles.[62] According to the company’s information, all of Motorola’s newly designed chargers meet the current Energy Star requirements and exceed the requirements for standby/no-load modes by at least 67%.[63]
Sponsorships[edit]
Motorola sponsored Scottish Premier League club Motherwell F.C. for 11 years. This long term deal ended after the company started to reduce its manufacturing operations in Scotland. The company also sponsored Livingston F.C. between 1998 and 2002. The company also had a plant on the edge of the town. However, this closed down at the same time as their sponsorship with the club ended. The South Stand at Livingston's Almondvale Stadium, was named after the company, during their time of sponsorship. The company also sponsored a cycling team that counted Lance Armstrong amongst its members. Motorola is also a sponsor of Danica Patrick, David Beckham, and Fergie. It also sponsored the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League from 2004 to 2007. Motorola sponsored São Paulo FC from 2000 to 2001. Motorola also sponsored Club Bolívar since 2008. Motorola awarded TrackIT Solutions for being "The company with most Innovative Enterprise Mobility Solution" in 2010.
Motorola sponsored Indian Premier League team Rising Pune Supergiant
In Madden NFL 07 franchise mode, a Motorola phone is used to communicate with coaches and agents.
Robby Gordon was sponsored by Motorola in 2007 and 2008. Motorola is on Gordon's car in NASCAR 07 and NASCAR 08.
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Telecommunications portal



List of companies of the United States
List of electronics companies

References[edit]


^ "Motorola Office Locations". Retrieved July 26, 2010.
^ a b "Motorola Solutions, Inc. 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 13, 2014. 
^ [http://files.shareholder.com/downloads/ABEA-58XVPR/2044382714x0x561829/C636C146-7901-45E3-BC3C-6A82FD06B763/MMI_-_2011_Final_Annual_Report_291113_030.pdf}}
^ Jones, Daniel (2003) [1917], Peter Roach, James Hartmann and Jane Setter, eds., English Pronouncing Dictionary, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, ISBN 3-12-539683-2 CS1 maint: Uses editors parameter (link)
^ Ante, Spencer E. (January 5, 2011). "Motorola Is Split Into Two". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ a b "Motorola Solutions Inc: NYSE:MSI quotes & news – Google Finance". Google. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ Roger Cheng, CNET. "It's official: Motorola Mobility now belongs to Lenovo." October 30, 2014 . Retrieved March 7, 2017.
^ Gelles, Claire Cain Miller and David. "After Big Bet, Google Is to Sell Motorola Unit". Retrieved 26 June 2016. 
^ "We’ve acquired Motorola Mobility". Google Official Blog. Retrieved May 22, 2012. 
^ Lenovo to Acquire Motorola Mobility from Google – Investor Relations – Google. Investor.google.com. Retrieved on 2014-01-30.
^ a b "Hello Moto". Lenovo. Retrieved October 30, 2014. 
^ Mahon, Morgan E. A Flick of the Switch 1930–1950 (Antiques Electronics Supply, 1990), p.111.
^ "Joseph E. Galvin (1899 - 1944) - Find A Grave Memorial". Retrieved 26 June 2016. 
^ "Paul Vincent Galvin (1895 - 1959) - Find A Grave Memorial". Retrieved 26 June 2016. 
^ "The naming origin of Motorola" HighNames, accessed May 16, 2015, http://highnames.com/motorola-naming-origin/
^ Harry Mark Petrakis, The Founder’s Touch: The Life of Paul Galvin of Motorola (Chicago: McGraw-hill, 1965), 58-93; “Sound in Motion,” Motorola Solutions History, accessed November 5, 2014,
^ “Calling All Cars,” Motorola Solutions History, accessed November 5, 2014, http://www.motorolasolutions.com/US-EN/About/Company+Overview/History/Explore+Motorola+Heritage/Calling+All+Cars.
^ “Handie-Talkie Radio,” Motorola Solutions History, accessed November 5, 2014, http://www.motorolasolutions.com/US-EN/About/Company+Overview/History/Explore+Motorola+Heritage/Handie-Talkie+Radio
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Motorola Solutions History, “A Legacy of Innovation: Timeline of Motorola History Since 1928.”
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc., Chicago, IL, 1962, p. 1108
^ a b Hempel, Jessi (September 28, 2009). "Motorola gets in the game". CNNMoney.com. Retrieved May 30, 2012. 
^ "Historic News Releases". Motorola Inc. Archived from the original on January 5, 2011. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola: 75 Years of Intelligent Thinking", 2003, page 42
^ "Motorola - A Journey Through Time & Technology” pages 75 – 79
^ John F. Mitchell, Time Magazine Milestones section, July 6, 2009, p.17
^ These include the MC6845 CRT Controller—used in the MDA and CGA adapters and the PCjr and emulated in the EGA, MCGA, and VGA—and the MC146818 real-time clock in the IBM AT.
^ "ON Semiconductor". ON Semiconductor. Retrieved April 18, 2013. 
^ "Motorola layoffs". Chicago Tribune. 28 June 2002. Retrieved 9 January 2015. 
^ King, Ben (September 28, 2005). "How Britain lost Sendo". The Register. Retrieved January 16, 2011. 
^ "Motorola acquires TTPCom AJAR Software Platform". Motorola Inc. Archived from the original on April 16, 2007. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "iRadio". Motorola Inc. Retrieved February 3, 2008. 
^ JENNA WORTHAM, The New York Times. "Nokia Siemens Agrees to Pay Cash for Division of Motorola." July 19, 2010. Retrieved Jan 20, 2017.
^ "Google's Motorola acquisition: Nail in the Android patent coffin?". ZDNet. Retrieved 2012-02-19. 
^ "Motorola Mobility Stockholders Approve Merger with Google". Motorola Mobility, Inc. November 17, 2011. Archived from the original on November 20, 2011. Retrieved November 28, 2011. 
^ "Google Press Announcement". 
^ "Google Press Announcement". 
^ "Motorola Mobility – Motorola Solutions – About Motorola – Directional Landing Page". Motorola Inc. January 4, 2011. Archived from the original on November 13, 2008. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola profit slides on mobile woes; shares hit 5-year low". MarketWatch. January 23, 2008. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola CTO Richard Nottenburg takes off". Engadget. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola Phones Sales Crash 38 Per Cent". TrustedReviews. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola to lay off 3,500". Engadget Mobile. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola cuts another 4,000 jobs". Engadget Mobile. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ slashing 20% of its research division
^ "Motorola sues former employee turned Apple exec for ganking trade secrets". Engadget. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola insider tells all about the fall of a technology icon". Engadget. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ Olga Kharif and Roger O. Crockett (July 10, 2008). "Motorola's Market Share Mess". BusinessWeek. Retrieved August 4, 2008. 
^ "Motorola ends fiscal Q2 with healthy profit – GSMArena.com news". Gsmarena.com. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Detailed History". Prestolite Electric Inc. Retrieved 2012-06-13. 
^ "Printrak a Motorola Company" answers.com. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ "Motorola to Buy Printrak for $160 Million" Los Angeles Times, 2000-08-30. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ "Law enforcement enlists fingerprint technology to fight crime Contract awards latest in string of wins for Printrak International" findarticles.com, 1995-04-27. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ "Safran Completes Acquisition of Motorola's Biometrics Business" Motorola Solutions website, 2009-04-07. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ Reardon, M.: "As losses return, Motorola delays its split", "CNET News", 2008-10-30. Retrieved April 26, 2009
^ "Motorola Mobility, Inc. – Media Center – Press Releases – Motorola Targets First Quarter 2011 to Separate into Two Independent, Publicly Traded Companies". Mediacenter.motorola.com. February 11, 2010. Archived from the original on February 14, 2010. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ Tsukayama, Hayley (August 15, 2011). "Google agrees to acquire Motorola Mobility". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 15, 2011. 
^ "Google to Acquire Motorola Mobility" (Press release). Google. August 15, 2011. Retrieved August 15, 2011. 
^ Richard Lawler, EnGadget. "Arris closes deal to buy Motorola Home cable and internet biz from Google." April 17, 2013. Retrieved Jun 3, 2017.
^ Lenovo to Acquire Motorola Mobility from Google – Investor Relations – Google. Investor.google.com. Retrieved on 2014-01-30.
^ Balazs, Diana (May 9, 2008). "Companies trying to prevent PV water pollution". The Arizona Republic. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ a b "Greenpeace – Guide to Greener Electronics". Greenpeace International. Retrieved January 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola – Material content". Motorola. Archived from the original on August 8, 2010. Retrieved January 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola – Energy efficiency". Motorola. Archived from the original on August 9, 2010. Retrieved January 12, 2011. 


Further reading[edit]

Gart, Jason H. (2006). "Electronics and Aerospace Industry in Cold War Arizona, 1945–1968 – Motorola, Hughes Aircraft, Goodyear Aircraft". Arizona State University.  Phd diss.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Motorola.



Official website
"For Google, The Motorola Deal Was All About The Patents At First", by Spencer E. Ante, The Wall Street Journal, Sep 14, 2011.







v
t
e


Motorola



People



Paul V. Galvin
Sanjay Jha





Subsidiaries and spinoffs



Motorola Mobility (spinoff)
Freescale Semiconductor (spinoff)
ON Semiconductor (spinoff)
Iridium Communications (spinoff)
Motorola Solutions (subsidiary)
Sendo (acquisition)





Technologies



FLEX
iDEN
iTap
MOTO Talk
Motorola phone AT commands
PowerSource
SCREEN3





Consortia



88open
Advanced Digital Radio Testing Service
Motorola University





Related



List of semiconductor fabrication plants
Motorola affair
Motorola Mobility v. Apple Inc.












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Motorola&oldid=790816573"					
Categories: Motorola1928 establishments in Illinois2011 disestablishments in IllinoisAmerican companies established in 1928Companies based in Cook County, IllinoisCompanies formerly listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeDefunct companies based in IllinoisDefunct manufacturing companies of the United StatesDefunct mobile phone manufacturersElectronics companies established in 1928Electronics companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies disestablished in 2011Manufacturing companies established in 1928National Medal of Technology recipientsSchaumburg, IllinoisSysML PartnersTechnology companies established in 1928Telecommunications companies of the United StatesHidden categories: CS1 maint: Uses editors parameterPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles to be expanded from September 2008All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançais한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीمصرىBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålਪੰਜਾਬੀPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言吴语粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 08:18.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Motorola - Wikipedia





















 






Motorola

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Motorola (disambiguation).

Motorola, Inc.





Type

Public


Industry
Telecommunications


Fate
Divided into Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions


Successor
Motorola Mobility
Motorola Solutions
Freescale Semiconductor
ON Semiconductor
Arris Group (General Instrument)
Cambium Networks


Founded
September 25, 1928; 88 years ago (1928-09-25) (as the Galvin Manufacturing Corporation)


Headquarters
1303 East Algonquin Road,[1] Schaumburg, Illinois, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide


Products
Tablet computers
Mobile phones
Smartphones
Two-way radios
Networking systems
Cable television systems
Wireless broadband networks
RFID systems
Mobile telephone infrastructure


Total assets



 US$ 11.851 billion (2013)[2]
 US$ 12.679 billion (2012)[2]






Number of employees

40,000 (2014)[3]


Divisions
Mobile Phone Devices
Connected Home Solutions
Network Home Solutions


Website
www.motorola.com


Motorola, Inc. (/ˌmoʊtəˈroʊlə/[4]) was an American multinational telecommunications company founded on September 25, 1928, based in Schaumburg, Illinois. After having lost $4.3 billion from 2007 to 2009, the company was divided into two independent public companies, Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions on January 4, 2011.[5] Motorola Solutions is generally considered to be the direct successor to Motorola, as the reorganization was structured with Motorola Mobility being spun off.[6] Motorola Mobility was acquired by Lenovo in 2014.[7]
Motorola designed and sold wireless network equipment such as cellular transmission base stations and signal amplifiers. Motorola's home and broadcast network products included set-top boxes, digital video recorders, and network equipment used to enable video broadcasting, computer telephony, and high-definition television. Its business and government customers consisted mainly of wireless voice and broadband systems (used to build private networks), and public safety communications systems like Astro and Dimetra. These businesses (except for set-top boxes and cable modems) are now part of Motorola Solutions. Google sold Motorola Home (the former General Instrument cable businesses) to the Arris Group in December 2012 for US$2.35 billion.[8]
Motorola's wireless telephone handset division was a pioneer in cellular telephones. Also known as the Personal Communication Sector (PCS) prior to 2004, it pioneered the "mobile phone" with DynaTAC, "flip phone" with the MicroTAC as well as the "clam phone" with the StarTAC in the mid-1990s. It had staged a resurgence by the mid-2000s with the Razr, but lost market share in the second half of that decade. Later it focused on smartphones using Google's open-source Android mobile operating system. The first phone to use the newest version of Google's open source OS, Android 2.0, was released on November 2, 2009 as the Motorola Droid (the GSM version launched a month later, in Europe, as the Motorola Milestone).
The handset division (along with cable set-top boxes and cable modems) was later spun off into the independent Motorola Mobility. On May 22, 2012, Google CEO Larry Page announced that Google had closed on its deal to acquire Motorola Mobility.[9] On January 29, 2014, Page announced that pending closure of the deal, Motorola Mobility would be acquired by Chinese technology company Lenovo for US$2.91 billion (subject to certain adjustments).[10] On October 30, 2014, Lenovo finalized its purchase of Motorola Mobility from Google.[11]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Post World War II
1.2 Motorola, post-split


2 Finances
3 Spin-offs

3.1 Television and radio manufacturing
3.2 Iridium
3.3 Government and defense
3.4 Semiconductor
3.5 Automotive
3.6 Biometrics
3.7 Split

3.7.1 Motorola Mobility deal by Google
3.7.2 Motorola Mobility (Google) deal by Lenovo


3.8 Canopy and Orthogon


4 Quality systems
5 Environmental record
6 Sponsorships
7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]




Local branch in Glostrup, Denmark


Motorola started in Chicago, Illinois, as Galvin Manufacturing Corporation (at 847 West Harrison Street)[12] in 1928 when brothers, Paul V. and Joseph E. Galvin,[13][14] purchased the bankrupt Stewart Battery Company's battery-eliminator plans and manufacturing equipment at auction for $750. Galvin Manufacturing Corporation set up shop in a small section of a rented building. The company had $565 in working capital and five employees. The first week's payroll was $63.
The company's first products were battery-eliminators, devices that enabled battery-powered radios to operate on household electricity. Due to advances in radio technology, battery-eliminators soon became obsolete. Paul Galvin learned that some radio technicians were installing sets in cars, and challenged his engineers to design an inexpensive car radio that could be installed in most vehicles. His team was successful, and Galvin was able to demonstrate a working model of the radio at the June 1930 Radio Manufacturers Association convention in Atlantic City, New Jersey. He brought home enough orders to keep the company in business.
Paul Galvin wanted a brand name for Galvin Manufacturing Corporation's new car radio, and created the name “Motorola” by linking "motor" (for motorcar) with "ola" (from Victrola), which was also a popular ending for many companies at the time, e.g. Moviola, Crayola.[15] The company sold its first Motorola branded radio on June 23, 1930, to H.C. Wall of Fort Wayne, Indiana, for $30. The Motorola brand name became so well-known that Galvin Manufacturing Corporation later changed its name to Motorola, Inc.[16]
Galvin Manufacturing Corporation began selling Motorola car-radio receivers to police departments and municipalities in November 1930. The company's first public safety customers (all in the U.S. state of Illinois) included the Village of River Forest, Village of Bellwood Police Department, City of Evanston Police, Illinois State Highway Police, and Cook County (Chicago area) Police.[17]
Many of Motorola's products have been radio-related, starting with a battery eliminator for radios, through the first hand-held walkie-talkie in the world in 1940,[18] defense electronics, cellular infrastructure equipment, and mobile phone manufacturing. In the same year, the company built its research and development program with Dan Noble, a pioneer in FM radio and semiconductor technologies, who joined the company as director of research. The company produced the hand-held AM SCR-536 radio during World War II, which was vital to Allied communication. Motorola ranked 94th among United States corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts.[19]
Motorola went public in 1943,[20] and became Motorola, Inc. in 1947. At that time Motorola's main business was producing and selling televisions and radios.
Post World War II[edit]




Motorola vacuum tube carton




Play media


An advertisement for Motorola televisions from 1951.


In October 1946 Motorola communications equipment carried the first calls on Illinois Bell telephone company's new car radiotelephone service in Chicago. The company began making televisions in 1947, with the model VT-71 with 7-inch cathode ray tube. In 1952 Motorola opened its first international subsidiary in Toronto, Canada to produce radios and televisions. In 1953, the company established the Motorola Foundation to support leading universities in the United States.
In 1955, years after Motorola started its research and development laboratory in Phoenix, Arizona, to research new solid-state technology, Motorola introduced the world's first commercial high-power germanium-based transistor. The present "batwing" logo was also introduced in 1955 (having been created by award-winning Chicago graphic designer Morton Goldsholl in late 1954).
Beginning in 1958, with Explorer 1 Motorola provided radio equipment for most NASA space-flights for decades, including during the 1969 moon landing. A year later it established a subsidiary to conduct licensing and manufacturing for international markets. Motorola created numerous products for use by the government, public safety officials, business installments, and the general public. These products included cell phones, laptops, computer processors, and radio communication devices.
In 1960, it introduced the world's first large-screen portable (19-inch), transistorized, cordless television. According to the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), Motorola had 14,000 employees worldwide of which at least 5,823 employees in 6 plants were located in Illinois. The company headquarters were at 9401 West Grand Avenue in Franklin Park and it listed TV receivers, Stereo-Hi Fi equipment as the products at this plant made by 1,700 employees. The Communications Division was in Chicago at 4545 West Augusta Blvd. where 2,000 employees made electronic communications equipment. The Military Electronics Division was at 1450 North Cicero Avenue, Chicago where 923 employees made microwave and industrial equipment. Two more Chicago locations were listed at 4900 West Flourney Street and at 650 North Pulaski but no employee count was listed for these. The last plant was listed in Quincy, Illinois at 1400 North 30th Street where 1,200 employees made radio assemblies for both home and automobile.[21]
In 1963, it introduced the first rectangular color picture tube. In 1964, the company opened its first Research and development branch outside of the United States, in Israel, under the management of Moses Basin. The modular Quasar brand was introduced in 1967.
In 1969, Neil Armstrong spoke the famous words "one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind" from the Moon on a Motorola transceiver.[22]
In 1973, Motorola demonstrated the first hand-held portable telephone.[23]
In 1974, Motorola introduced its first microprocessor, the 8-bit MC6800, used in automotive, computing and video game applications.[24] That same year, Motorola sold its television business to the Japan-based Matsushita - the parent company of Panasonic.
In 1976, Motorola moved its headquarters to the Chicago suburb of Schaumburg, Illinois.
In 1980, Motorola’s next generation 32-bit microprocessor, the MC68000, led the wave of technologies that spurred the computing revolution in 1984, powering devices from companies such as Apple, Commodore, Atari, Sun, and Hewlett Packard.[25]




Dr. Martin Cooper of Motorola made the first private handheld mobile phone call on a larger prototype model in 1973. This is a reenactment in 2007.


In September 1983, the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) approved the DynaTAC 8000X telephone, the world's first commercial cellular device. By 1998, cellphones accounted for two thirds of Motorola's gross revenue.[26] The company was also strong in semiconductor technology, including integrated circuits used in computers. In particular, it is known for the 6800 family and 68000 family of microprocessors and related peripheral ICs; the processors were used in Atari ST, Commodore Amiga, Color Computer, and Apple Macintosh personal computers and in the early HP laser printers, and some 6800-family peripheral devices were used in the IBM PC series of personal computers.[27] The PowerPC family was developed with IBM and in a partnership with Apple (known as the AIM alliance). Motorola also has a diverse line of communication products, including satellite systems, digital cable boxes and modems.
In 1986, Motorola invented the Six Sigma quality improvement process. This became a global standard. In 1990 General Instrument Corporation, which was later acquired by Motorola, proposed the first all-digital HDTV standard. In the same year the company introduced the Bravo numeric pager which became the world's best-selling pager.
In 1991, Motorola demonstrated the world's first working-prototype digital cellular system and phones using GSM standard in Hanover, Germany. In 1994, Motorola introduced the world's first commercial digital radio system that combined paging, data and cellular communications and voice dispatch in a single radio network and handset. In 1995, Motorola introduced the world's first two-way pager which allowed users to receive text messages and e-mail and reply with a standard response.
In 1998, Motorola was overtaken by Nokia as the world's biggest seller of mobile phone handsets.[22]
On September 15, 1999, Motorola announced it would buy General Instrument in an $11 billion stock swap. General Instrument had long been the No. 1 cable TV equipment provider, supplying cable operators with end-to-end hybrid fiber coax cable solutions. This meant that GI offers all cable TV transmission network components from the head-end to the fiber optic transmission nodes to the cable set-top boxes, now at the availability of Motorola. GI's acquisition created the Broadband Communications Sector (BCS).
In 1999, Motorola separated a portion of its semiconductor business—the Semiconductor Components Group (SCG)-- and formed ON Semiconductor, whose headquarters are located in Phoenix, Arizona.[28]
In June 2000, Motorola and Cisco supplied the world's first commercial GPRS cellular network to BT Cellnet in the United Kingdom. The world's first GPRS cell phone was also developed by Motorola. In August 2000, with recent acquisitions, Motorola reached its peak employment of 150,000 employees worldwide.[29] Two years later, employment would be at 93,000 due to layoffs and spinoffs.
In 2002, Motorola introduced the world's first wireless cable modem gateway which combined a high-speed cable modem router with an ethernet switch and wireless home gateway. In 2003, Motorola introduced the world's first handset to combine a Linux operating system and Java technology with "full PDA functionality". In 2004, Motorola divested its whole semiconductor business to form Freescale Semiconductor.
The Motorola RAZR line sold over 120 million units, which brought the company to the number two mobile phone slot in 2005.
In June 2005, Motorola overtook the intellectual property of Sendo for $30,000 and paid £362,575 for the plant, machinery and equipment.[30]
In June 2006, Motorola acquired the software platform (AJAR) developed by the British company TTP Communications plc.[31] Later in 2006, the firm announced a music subscription service named iRadio. The technology came after a break in a partnership with Apple Computer (which in 2005 had produced an iTunes compatible cell phone ROKR E1, and most recently, mid-2007, its own iPhone). iRadio has many similarities with existing satellite radio services (such as Sirius and XM Radio) by offering live streams of commercial-free music content. Unlike satellite services, however, iRadio content will be downloaded via a broadband internet connection. As of 2008, iRadio has not been commercially released and no further information is available.[32]
In 2007, Motorola acquired Symbol Technologies to provide products and systems for enterprise mobility solutions, including rugged mobile computing, advanced data capture, and radio frequency identification (RFID).
In 2010, Motorola sold its cellular-infrastructure business to Nokia Siemens Networks for $1.2 billion.[33]
Motorola, post-split[edit]
In January 2011, Motorola split into two separate companies, each still using the word Motorola as part of its name. One company, Motorola Solutions (using a blue version of the Motorola logo), is based in the Chicago suburb of Schaumburg, Illinois, and concentrates on police technologies, radios, and commercial needs. The other company, Motorola Mobility (using a red logo), is based in Chicago (formerly in the Chicago suburb of Libertyville, Illinois), and is the mobile handset producer. The split was structured so that Motorola Solutions was the legal successor of the original Motorola, while Motorola Mobility was the spin-off.
On August 15, 2011, Google announced that it would purchase Motorola Mobility for about $12.5 billion.[34] On November 17, 2011, Motorola Mobility stockholders “voted overwhelmingly to approve the proposed merger with Google Inc”.[35]
On May 22, 2012, Google announced that the acquisition of Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. had closed, with Google acquiring MMI for $40.00 per share in cash. ($12.5 billion)[36]
On October 30, 2014, Google sold off Motorola Mobility to Lenovo. The purchase price was approximately US $2.91 billion (subject to certain adjustments), including US$1.41 billion paid at close: US $660 million in cash and US$750 million in Lenovo ordinary shares (subject to a share cap/floor). The remaining US$1.5 billion was paid in the form of a three-year promissory note.
After the purchase, Google maintained ownership of the vast majority of the Motorola Mobility patent portfolio, including current patent applications and invention disclosures, while Lenovo received a license to the portfolio of patents and other intellectual property. Additionally Lenovo received over 2,000 patent assets, as well as the Motorola Mobility brand and trademark portfolio.[37]
Divisional Products:[38]

Enterprise Mobility Solutions: Headquarters located in Schaumburg, Illinois; comprises communications offered to government and public safety sectors and enterprise mobility business. Motorola develops analog and digital two-way radio, voice and data communications products and systems, mobile computing, advanced data capture, wireless infrastructure and RFID solutions to customers worldwide.
Home & Networks Mobility: Headquarters located in Arlington Heights, Illinois; produces end-to-end systems that facilitate uninterrupted access to digital entertainment, information and communications services via wired and wireless mediums. Motorola develops digital video system solutions, interactive set-top devices, voice and data modems for digital subscriber line and cable networks, broadband access systems for cable and satellite television operators, and also wireline carriers and wireless service providers.
Mobile Devices: Headquarters located in Chicago, Illinois; designs wireless handsets, but also licenses much of its intellectual properties. This includes cellular and wireless systems and as well as integrated applications and Bluetooth accessories. Some of their latest gadgets are Moto X Gen 3, Moto X Play, Moto 360 smartwatch, etc.

Finances[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (September 2008)


Motorola's handset division recorded a loss of US$1.2 billion in the fourth quarter of 2007, while the company as a whole earned $100 million during that quarter.[39] It lost several key executives to rivals,[40] and the web site TrustedReviews called the company's products repetitive and uninnovative.[41] Motorola laid off 3,500 workers in January 2008,[42] followed by a further 4,000 job cuts in June[43] and another 20% cut of its research division a few days later.[44] In July 2008, a large number of executives left Motorola to work on Apple Inc.'s iPhone.[45] The company's handset division was also put on offer for sale.[46] Also that month, analyst Mark McKechnie from American Technology Research said that Motorola "would be lucky to fetch $500 million" for selling its handset business. Analyst Richard Windsor said that Motorola might have to pay someone to take the division off the company's hands, and that Motorola may even exit the handset market altogether.[47] Its global market share has been on the decline; from 18.4% of the market in 2007 the company had a share of just 6.0% by Q1 2009, but at last Motorola scored a profit of $26 million in Q2 and showed an increase of 12% in stocks for the first time after losses in many quarters. During the second quarter of 2010, the company reported a profit of $162 million, which compared very favorably to the $26 million earned for the same period the year before. Its Mobile Devices division reported, for the first time in years, earnings of $87 million.[48]
Spin-offs[edit]
Television and radio manufacturing[edit]
In 1974, Motorola divested itself of its television and radio-manufacturing division, which included the Quasar brand of electronics. This division was acquired by Matsushita, already known under its Panasonic brand in North America, where it was looking to expand.
Iridium[edit]
Main article: Iridium (satellite)
Motorola developed the global communication network using a set of 77 satellites. The business ambitions behind this project and the need to raise venture capital to fund the project led to the creation of the Iridium company in the late 1990s. While the technology was proven to work, Iridium failed to attract sufficient customers and it filed for bankruptcy in 1999. Obligations to Motorola and loss of expected revenue caused Motorola to divest the ON Semiconductor (ONNN) business August 4, 1999, raising about $1.1 billion.
Motorola manufactured two satellite phone handsets for this network – the 9500 and 9505 as well as transceiver units. Some of these are still in production by an OEM but sold under the Iridium brand.
Government and defense[edit]
Due to declines in business in 2000 and 2001, Motorola spun off its government and defense business to General Dynamics. The business deal closed September 2001. Thus GD Decision Systems was formed (and later merged with General Dynamics C4 Systems) from Motorola's Integrated Information Systems Group.
Semiconductor[edit]
On August 4, 1999, Motorola, Inc.'s Semiconductor Components Group, manufacturing Motorola's discrete, standard analog and standard logic devices was spun off, recapitalized and established as an independent company named ON Semiconductor.
On October 16, 2004, Motorola announced that it would spin off its Semiconductor Products Sector into a separate company called Freescale Semiconductor, Inc.. The new company began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on July 16 of the following year.
On Dec. 7, 2015 Freescale Inc. was sold to NXP Semiconductor, a European company.
Automotive[edit]
On January 29, 1988, Motorola sold its Arcade, New York facility and automotive alternators, electromechanical speedometers and tachometers products to Prestolite Electric.[49]
In July 2006, Motorola completed the sale of its automotive business to Continental AG. Motorola’s automotive unit had annual sales of $1.6 billion (€1.33 billion) and employed 4,504. The divisions products included telematics systems - like GM's OnStar used for vehicle navigation and safety services, engine and transmission control electronics, vehicle control, electronics and sensors used in steering, braking, and power doors and power windows.
Biometrics[edit]
In 2000, Motorola acquired Printrak International Inc.[50] for $160 million.[51] In doing so, Motorola not only acquired computer aided dispatch and related software, but also acquired Automated fingerprint identification system software.[52]
In October 2008, Motorola agreed to sell its Biometrics business to Safran, a French defense firm. Motorola's biometric business unit was headquartered in Anaheim, Calif. The deal closed in April 2009.[53] The unit became part of Sagem Morpho, which was renamed MorphoTrak.
Split[edit]
On March 26, 2008, Motorola's board of directors approved a split into two different publicly traded companies. This came after talk of selling the handset division to another corporation. These new companies would comprise the business units of the current Motorola Mobile Devices and Motorola Broadband & Mobility Solutions. Originally it was expected that this action would be approved by regulatory bodies and complete by mid-2009, but the split was delayed due to company restructuring problems and the 2008–2009 extreme economic downturn.[54]
On February 11, 2010, Motorola announced its separation into two independent, publicly traded companies,[55] effective Q1 2011. The official split occurred at around 12:00 pm EST on January 4, 2011. The two new companies are called Motorola Mobility (now owned by Lenovo; cell phone and cable television equipment company) and Motorola Solutions (NYSE: MSI; Government and Enterprise Business). Motorola Solutions is generally considered to be the direct successor to Motorola, Inc., as the reorganization was structured with Motorola Mobility being spun off.[6] Motorola Solutions retains Motorola, Inc.'s pre-2011 stock price history, though it retired the old ticker symbol of "MOT" in favor of "MSI."
Motorola Mobility deal by Google[edit]
On August 15, 2011, seven months after Motorola Mobility was spun off into an independent company, Google announced that it would acquire Motorola Mobility for $12.5 billion,[56][57] subject to approval from regulators in the United States and Europe.
According to the filing, Google senior vice president Andy Rubin first reached out to Motorola Mobility in early July 2011 to discuss the purchase by some of Google's competitors of the patent portfolio of Nortel Networks Corp., and to assess its potential impact on the Android ecosystem.
Google boosted its offer for Motorola Mobility by 33% in a single day in early August, even though Motorola wasn't soliciting competing bids. The aggressive bidding by Google showed that[citation needed] the search engine company was under considerable pressure to beef up its patent portfolio to protect its promising Android franchise from a growing number of legal challenges.
According to the filing, Google and Motorola began discussions about Motorola's patent portfolio in early July, as well as the "intellectual property litigation and the potential impact of such litigation on the Android ecosystem".
Although the two companies discussed the possibility of an acquisition after the initial contact by Mr. Rubin, it was only after Motorola pushed back on the idea of patent sale that the acquisition talks picked up steam.
The turning point came during a meeting on July 6. At the meeting, Motorola CEO Sanjay Jha discussed the protection of the Android ecosystem with Google senior vice president Nikesh Arora, and during that talk Jha told Arora that "it could be problematic for Motorola Mobility to continue to exist as a stand-alone entity if it sold a large portion of its patent portfolio".
In connection with these discussions, the two companies signed a confidentiality and non-disclosure agreement that allowed Google to do due diligence on the company's patent portfolio.
On July 21 and 23, Jha met with Arora and Rubin to discuss strategic options between the two companies, agreeing to continue to discuss a potential sale. On the morning of August 15, the two companies entered into a merger agreement at the offered price of $40. On November 17, Motorola Mobility stockholders approved the proposed merger with Google Inc. On April 17, 2013, ARRIS Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARRS) announced that it completed its acquisition of the Motorola Home business from a subsidiary of Google Inc.[58]
Motorola Mobility (Google) deal by Lenovo[edit]
On January 29, 2014, Google announced Lenovo plans to acquire the Motorola Mobility smartphone business. The purchase price is approximately $2.91 billion (subject to certain adjustments), including $1.41 billion paid at close: $660 million in cash and $750 million in Lenovo ordinary shares (subject to a share cap/floor). The remaining $1.5 billion will be paid in the form of a three-year promissory note.
Google maintained ownership of the vast majority of the Motorola Mobility patent portfolio, including active patent applications and invention disclosures. As part of its ongoing relationship with Google, Lenovo received a license to this rich portfolio of patents and other intellectual property. Additionally Lenovo received over 2,000 patent assets, as well as the Motorola Mobility brand and trademark portfolio.[59] On October 30, 2014, Lenovo finalized its purchase of Motorola Mobility from Google.[11]
Canopy and Orthogon[edit]
Cambium Networks was created when Motorola Solutions sold the Canopy and Orthogon businesses in 2011. Cambium Networks has evolved the platform and expanded it to three product lines: Point to Point (PTP) (formerly Orthogon), Point to Multipoint (PMP) (formerly Canopy) and ePMP.
Quality systems[edit]
The Six Sigma quality system was developed at Motorola even though it became best known through its use by General Electric. It was created by engineer Bill Smith, under the direction of Bob Galvin (son of founder Paul Galvin) when he was running the company. Motorola University is one of many places that provide Six Sigma training.
Environmental record[edit]
Motorola, Inc., along with the Arizona Water Co. has been identified as the sources of trichloroethylene (TCE) contamination that took place in Scottsdale, Arizona. The malfunction led to a ban on the use of water that lasted three days and affected almost 5000 people in the area. Motorola was found to be the main source of the TCE, an industrial solvent that cause cancer. The TCE contamination was caused by a faulty blower on an air stripping tower that was used to take TCE from the water, and Motorola has attributed the situation to operator error.[60]
Of eighteen leading electronics manufacturers in Greenpeace’s Guide to Greener Electronics (October 2010), Motorola shares sixth place with competitors Panasonic and Sony).[61]
Motorola scores relatively well on the chemicals criteria and has a goal to eliminate PVC plastic and brominated flame retardants (BFRs), though only in mobile devices and not in all its products introduced after 2010, despite the fact that Sony Ericsson and Nokia are already there. All of its mobile phones are now PVC-free and it has two PVC and BFR-free mobile phones, the A45 ECO and the GRASP; all chargers are also free from PVC and BFRs.[61]
The company is also increasing the proportion of recycled materials that used in its products. For example, the housings for the MOTO W233 Renew and MOTOCUBO A45 Eco mobile phones contain plastic from post-consumer recycled water cooler bottles.[62] According to the company’s information, all of Motorola’s newly designed chargers meet the current Energy Star requirements and exceed the requirements for standby/no-load modes by at least 67%.[63]
Sponsorships[edit]
Motorola sponsored Scottish Premier League club Motherwell F.C. for 11 years. This long term deal ended after the company started to reduce its manufacturing operations in Scotland. The company also sponsored Livingston F.C. between 1998 and 2002. The company also had a plant on the edge of the town. However, this closed down at the same time as their sponsorship with the club ended. The South Stand at Livingston's Almondvale Stadium, was named after the company, during their time of sponsorship. The company also sponsored a cycling team that counted Lance Armstrong amongst its members. Motorola is also a sponsor of Danica Patrick, David Beckham, and Fergie. It also sponsored the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League from 2004 to 2007. Motorola sponsored São Paulo FC from 2000 to 2001. Motorola also sponsored Club Bolívar since 2008. Motorola awarded TrackIT Solutions for being "The company with most Innovative Enterprise Mobility Solution" in 2010.
Motorola sponsored Indian Premier League team Rising Pune Supergiant
In Madden NFL 07 franchise mode, a Motorola phone is used to communicate with coaches and agents.
Robby Gordon was sponsored by Motorola in 2007 and 2008. Motorola is on Gordon's car in NASCAR 07 and NASCAR 08.
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Telecommunications portal



List of companies of the United States
List of electronics companies

References[edit]


^ "Motorola Office Locations". Retrieved July 26, 2010.
^ a b "Motorola Solutions, Inc. 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 13, 2014. 
^ [http://files.shareholder.com/downloads/ABEA-58XVPR/2044382714x0x561829/C636C146-7901-45E3-BC3C-6A82FD06B763/MMI_-_2011_Final_Annual_Report_291113_030.pdf}}
^ Jones, Daniel (2003) [1917], Peter Roach, James Hartmann and Jane Setter, eds., English Pronouncing Dictionary, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, ISBN 3-12-539683-2 CS1 maint: Uses editors parameter (link)
^ Ante, Spencer E. (January 5, 2011). "Motorola Is Split Into Two". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ a b "Motorola Solutions Inc: NYSE:MSI quotes & news – Google Finance". Google. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ Roger Cheng, CNET. "It's official: Motorola Mobility now belongs to Lenovo." October 30, 2014 . Retrieved March 7, 2017.
^ Gelles, Claire Cain Miller and David. "After Big Bet, Google Is to Sell Motorola Unit". Retrieved 26 June 2016. 
^ "We’ve acquired Motorola Mobility". Google Official Blog. Retrieved May 22, 2012. 
^ Lenovo to Acquire Motorola Mobility from Google – Investor Relations – Google. Investor.google.com. Retrieved on 2014-01-30.
^ a b "Hello Moto". Lenovo. Retrieved October 30, 2014. 
^ Mahon, Morgan E. A Flick of the Switch 1930–1950 (Antiques Electronics Supply, 1990), p.111.
^ "Joseph E. Galvin (1899 - 1944) - Find A Grave Memorial". Retrieved 26 June 2016. 
^ "Paul Vincent Galvin (1895 - 1959) - Find A Grave Memorial". Retrieved 26 June 2016. 
^ "The naming origin of Motorola" HighNames, accessed May 16, 2015, http://highnames.com/motorola-naming-origin/
^ Harry Mark Petrakis, The Founder’s Touch: The Life of Paul Galvin of Motorola (Chicago: McGraw-hill, 1965), 58-93; “Sound in Motion,” Motorola Solutions History, accessed November 5, 2014,
^ “Calling All Cars,” Motorola Solutions History, accessed November 5, 2014, http://www.motorolasolutions.com/US-EN/About/Company+Overview/History/Explore+Motorola+Heritage/Calling+All+Cars.
^ “Handie-Talkie Radio,” Motorola Solutions History, accessed November 5, 2014, http://www.motorolasolutions.com/US-EN/About/Company+Overview/History/Explore+Motorola+Heritage/Handie-Talkie+Radio
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Motorola Solutions History, “A Legacy of Innovation: Timeline of Motorola History Since 1928.”
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc., Chicago, IL, 1962, p. 1108
^ a b Hempel, Jessi (September 28, 2009). "Motorola gets in the game". CNNMoney.com. Retrieved May 30, 2012. 
^ "Historic News Releases". Motorola Inc. Archived from the original on January 5, 2011. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola: 75 Years of Intelligent Thinking", 2003, page 42
^ "Motorola - A Journey Through Time & Technology” pages 75 – 79
^ John F. Mitchell, Time Magazine Milestones section, July 6, 2009, p.17
^ These include the MC6845 CRT Controller—used in the MDA and CGA adapters and the PCjr and emulated in the EGA, MCGA, and VGA—and the MC146818 real-time clock in the IBM AT.
^ "ON Semiconductor". ON Semiconductor. Retrieved April 18, 2013. 
^ "Motorola layoffs". Chicago Tribune. 28 June 2002. Retrieved 9 January 2015. 
^ King, Ben (September 28, 2005). "How Britain lost Sendo". The Register. Retrieved January 16, 2011. 
^ "Motorola acquires TTPCom AJAR Software Platform". Motorola Inc. Archived from the original on April 16, 2007. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "iRadio". Motorola Inc. Retrieved February 3, 2008. 
^ JENNA WORTHAM, The New York Times. "Nokia Siemens Agrees to Pay Cash for Division of Motorola." July 19, 2010. Retrieved Jan 20, 2017.
^ "Google's Motorola acquisition: Nail in the Android patent coffin?". ZDNet. Retrieved 2012-02-19. 
^ "Motorola Mobility Stockholders Approve Merger with Google". Motorola Mobility, Inc. November 17, 2011. Archived from the original on November 20, 2011. Retrieved November 28, 2011. 
^ "Google Press Announcement". 
^ "Google Press Announcement". 
^ "Motorola Mobility – Motorola Solutions – About Motorola – Directional Landing Page". Motorola Inc. January 4, 2011. Archived from the original on November 13, 2008. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola profit slides on mobile woes; shares hit 5-year low". MarketWatch. January 23, 2008. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola CTO Richard Nottenburg takes off". Engadget. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola Phones Sales Crash 38 Per Cent". TrustedReviews. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola to lay off 3,500". Engadget Mobile. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola cuts another 4,000 jobs". Engadget Mobile. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ slashing 20% of its research division
^ "Motorola sues former employee turned Apple exec for ganking trade secrets". Engadget. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola insider tells all about the fall of a technology icon". Engadget. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ Olga Kharif and Roger O. Crockett (July 10, 2008). "Motorola's Market Share Mess". BusinessWeek. Retrieved August 4, 2008. 
^ "Motorola ends fiscal Q2 with healthy profit – GSMArena.com news". Gsmarena.com. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Detailed History". Prestolite Electric Inc. Retrieved 2012-06-13. 
^ "Printrak a Motorola Company" answers.com. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ "Motorola to Buy Printrak for $160 Million" Los Angeles Times, 2000-08-30. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ "Law enforcement enlists fingerprint technology to fight crime Contract awards latest in string of wins for Printrak International" findarticles.com, 1995-04-27. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ "Safran Completes Acquisition of Motorola's Biometrics Business" Motorola Solutions website, 2009-04-07. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ Reardon, M.: "As losses return, Motorola delays its split", "CNET News", 2008-10-30. Retrieved April 26, 2009
^ "Motorola Mobility, Inc. – Media Center – Press Releases – Motorola Targets First Quarter 2011 to Separate into Two Independent, Publicly Traded Companies". Mediacenter.motorola.com. February 11, 2010. Archived from the original on February 14, 2010. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ Tsukayama, Hayley (August 15, 2011). "Google agrees to acquire Motorola Mobility". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 15, 2011. 
^ "Google to Acquire Motorola Mobility" (Press release). Google. August 15, 2011. Retrieved August 15, 2011. 
^ Richard Lawler, EnGadget. "Arris closes deal to buy Motorola Home cable and internet biz from Google." April 17, 2013. Retrieved Jun 3, 2017.
^ Lenovo to Acquire Motorola Mobility from Google – Investor Relations – Google. Investor.google.com. Retrieved on 2014-01-30.
^ Balazs, Diana (May 9, 2008). "Companies trying to prevent PV water pollution". The Arizona Republic. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ a b "Greenpeace – Guide to Greener Electronics". Greenpeace International. Retrieved January 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola – Material content". Motorola. Archived from the original on August 8, 2010. Retrieved January 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola – Energy efficiency". Motorola. Archived from the original on August 9, 2010. Retrieved January 12, 2011. 


Further reading[edit]

Gart, Jason H. (2006). "Electronics and Aerospace Industry in Cold War Arizona, 1945–1968 – Motorola, Hughes Aircraft, Goodyear Aircraft". Arizona State University.  Phd diss.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Motorola.



Official website
"For Google, The Motorola Deal Was All About The Patents At First", by Spencer E. Ante, The Wall Street Journal, Sep 14, 2011.







v
t
e


Motorola



People



Paul V. Galvin
Sanjay Jha





Subsidiaries and spinoffs



Motorola Mobility (spinoff)
Freescale Semiconductor (spinoff)
ON Semiconductor (spinoff)
Iridium Communications (spinoff)
Motorola Solutions (subsidiary)
Sendo (acquisition)





Technologies



FLEX
iDEN
iTap
MOTO Talk
Motorola phone AT commands
PowerSource
SCREEN3





Consortia



88open
Advanced Digital Radio Testing Service
Motorola University





Related



List of semiconductor fabrication plants
Motorola affair
Motorola Mobility v. Apple Inc.












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Motorola&oldid=790816573"					
Categories: Motorola1928 establishments in Illinois2011 disestablishments in IllinoisAmerican companies established in 1928Companies based in Cook County, IllinoisCompanies formerly listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeDefunct companies based in IllinoisDefunct manufacturing companies of the United StatesDefunct mobile phone manufacturersElectronics companies established in 1928Electronics companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies disestablished in 2011Manufacturing companies established in 1928National Medal of Technology recipientsSchaumburg, IllinoisSysML PartnersTechnology companies established in 1928Telecommunications companies of the United StatesHidden categories: CS1 maint: Uses editors parameterPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles to be expanded from September 2008All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançais한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीمصرىBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålਪੰਜਾਬੀPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言吴语粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 08:18.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Motorola - Wikipedia





















 






Motorola

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Motorola (disambiguation).

Motorola, Inc.





Type

Public


Industry
Telecommunications


Fate
Divided into Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions


Successor
Motorola Mobility
Motorola Solutions
Freescale Semiconductor
ON Semiconductor
Arris Group (General Instrument)
Cambium Networks


Founded
September 25, 1928; 88 years ago (1928-09-25) (as the Galvin Manufacturing Corporation)


Headquarters
1303 East Algonquin Road,[1] Schaumburg, Illinois, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide


Products
Tablet computers
Mobile phones
Smartphones
Two-way radios
Networking systems
Cable television systems
Wireless broadband networks
RFID systems
Mobile telephone infrastructure


Total assets



 US$ 11.851 billion (2013)[2]
 US$ 12.679 billion (2012)[2]






Number of employees

40,000 (2014)[3]


Divisions
Mobile Phone Devices
Connected Home Solutions
Network Home Solutions


Website
www.motorola.com


Motorola, Inc. (/ˌmoʊtəˈroʊlə/[4]) was an American multinational telecommunications company founded on September 25, 1928, based in Schaumburg, Illinois. After having lost $4.3 billion from 2007 to 2009, the company was divided into two independent public companies, Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions on January 4, 2011.[5] Motorola Solutions is generally considered to be the direct successor to Motorola, as the reorganization was structured with Motorola Mobility being spun off.[6] Motorola Mobility was acquired by Lenovo in 2014.[7]
Motorola designed and sold wireless network equipment such as cellular transmission base stations and signal amplifiers. Motorola's home and broadcast network products included set-top boxes, digital video recorders, and network equipment used to enable video broadcasting, computer telephony, and high-definition television. Its business and government customers consisted mainly of wireless voice and broadband systems (used to build private networks), and public safety communications systems like Astro and Dimetra. These businesses (except for set-top boxes and cable modems) are now part of Motorola Solutions. Google sold Motorola Home (the former General Instrument cable businesses) to the Arris Group in December 2012 for US$2.35 billion.[8]
Motorola's wireless telephone handset division was a pioneer in cellular telephones. Also known as the Personal Communication Sector (PCS) prior to 2004, it pioneered the "mobile phone" with DynaTAC, "flip phone" with the MicroTAC as well as the "clam phone" with the StarTAC in the mid-1990s. It had staged a resurgence by the mid-2000s with the Razr, but lost market share in the second half of that decade. Later it focused on smartphones using Google's open-source Android mobile operating system. The first phone to use the newest version of Google's open source OS, Android 2.0, was released on November 2, 2009 as the Motorola Droid (the GSM version launched a month later, in Europe, as the Motorola Milestone).
The handset division (along with cable set-top boxes and cable modems) was later spun off into the independent Motorola Mobility. On May 22, 2012, Google CEO Larry Page announced that Google had closed on its deal to acquire Motorola Mobility.[9] On January 29, 2014, Page announced that pending closure of the deal, Motorola Mobility would be acquired by Chinese technology company Lenovo for US$2.91 billion (subject to certain adjustments).[10] On October 30, 2014, Lenovo finalized its purchase of Motorola Mobility from Google.[11]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Post World War II
1.2 Motorola, post-split


2 Finances
3 Spin-offs

3.1 Television and radio manufacturing
3.2 Iridium
3.3 Government and defense
3.4 Semiconductor
3.5 Automotive
3.6 Biometrics
3.7 Split

3.7.1 Motorola Mobility deal by Google
3.7.2 Motorola Mobility (Google) deal by Lenovo


3.8 Canopy and Orthogon


4 Quality systems
5 Environmental record
6 Sponsorships
7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]




Local branch in Glostrup, Denmark


Motorola started in Chicago, Illinois, as Galvin Manufacturing Corporation (at 847 West Harrison Street)[12] in 1928 when brothers, Paul V. and Joseph E. Galvin,[13][14] purchased the bankrupt Stewart Battery Company's battery-eliminator plans and manufacturing equipment at auction for $750. Galvin Manufacturing Corporation set up shop in a small section of a rented building. The company had $565 in working capital and five employees. The first week's payroll was $63.
The company's first products were battery-eliminators, devices that enabled battery-powered radios to operate on household electricity. Due to advances in radio technology, battery-eliminators soon became obsolete. Paul Galvin learned that some radio technicians were installing sets in cars, and challenged his engineers to design an inexpensive car radio that could be installed in most vehicles. His team was successful, and Galvin was able to demonstrate a working model of the radio at the June 1930 Radio Manufacturers Association convention in Atlantic City, New Jersey. He brought home enough orders to keep the company in business.
Paul Galvin wanted a brand name for Galvin Manufacturing Corporation's new car radio, and created the name “Motorola” by linking "motor" (for motorcar) with "ola" (from Victrola), which was also a popular ending for many companies at the time, e.g. Moviola, Crayola.[15] The company sold its first Motorola branded radio on June 23, 1930, to H.C. Wall of Fort Wayne, Indiana, for $30. The Motorola brand name became so well-known that Galvin Manufacturing Corporation later changed its name to Motorola, Inc.[16]
Galvin Manufacturing Corporation began selling Motorola car-radio receivers to police departments and municipalities in November 1930. The company's first public safety customers (all in the U.S. state of Illinois) included the Village of River Forest, Village of Bellwood Police Department, City of Evanston Police, Illinois State Highway Police, and Cook County (Chicago area) Police.[17]
Many of Motorola's products have been radio-related, starting with a battery eliminator for radios, through the first hand-held walkie-talkie in the world in 1940,[18] defense electronics, cellular infrastructure equipment, and mobile phone manufacturing. In the same year, the company built its research and development program with Dan Noble, a pioneer in FM radio and semiconductor technologies, who joined the company as director of research. The company produced the hand-held AM SCR-536 radio during World War II, which was vital to Allied communication. Motorola ranked 94th among United States corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts.[19]
Motorola went public in 1943,[20] and became Motorola, Inc. in 1947. At that time Motorola's main business was producing and selling televisions and radios.
Post World War II[edit]




Motorola vacuum tube carton




Play media


An advertisement for Motorola televisions from 1951.


In October 1946 Motorola communications equipment carried the first calls on Illinois Bell telephone company's new car radiotelephone service in Chicago. The company began making televisions in 1947, with the model VT-71 with 7-inch cathode ray tube. In 1952 Motorola opened its first international subsidiary in Toronto, Canada to produce radios and televisions. In 1953, the company established the Motorola Foundation to support leading universities in the United States.
In 1955, years after Motorola started its research and development laboratory in Phoenix, Arizona, to research new solid-state technology, Motorola introduced the world's first commercial high-power germanium-based transistor. The present "batwing" logo was also introduced in 1955 (having been created by award-winning Chicago graphic designer Morton Goldsholl in late 1954).
Beginning in 1958, with Explorer 1 Motorola provided radio equipment for most NASA space-flights for decades, including during the 1969 moon landing. A year later it established a subsidiary to conduct licensing and manufacturing for international markets. Motorola created numerous products for use by the government, public safety officials, business installments, and the general public. These products included cell phones, laptops, computer processors, and radio communication devices.
In 1960, it introduced the world's first large-screen portable (19-inch), transistorized, cordless television. According to the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), Motorola had 14,000 employees worldwide of which at least 5,823 employees in 6 plants were located in Illinois. The company headquarters were at 9401 West Grand Avenue in Franklin Park and it listed TV receivers, Stereo-Hi Fi equipment as the products at this plant made by 1,700 employees. The Communications Division was in Chicago at 4545 West Augusta Blvd. where 2,000 employees made electronic communications equipment. The Military Electronics Division was at 1450 North Cicero Avenue, Chicago where 923 employees made microwave and industrial equipment. Two more Chicago locations were listed at 4900 West Flourney Street and at 650 North Pulaski but no employee count was listed for these. The last plant was listed in Quincy, Illinois at 1400 North 30th Street where 1,200 employees made radio assemblies for both home and automobile.[21]
In 1963, it introduced the first rectangular color picture tube. In 1964, the company opened its first Research and development branch outside of the United States, in Israel, under the management of Moses Basin. The modular Quasar brand was introduced in 1967.
In 1969, Neil Armstrong spoke the famous words "one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind" from the Moon on a Motorola transceiver.[22]
In 1973, Motorola demonstrated the first hand-held portable telephone.[23]
In 1974, Motorola introduced its first microprocessor, the 8-bit MC6800, used in automotive, computing and video game applications.[24] That same year, Motorola sold its television business to the Japan-based Matsushita - the parent company of Panasonic.
In 1976, Motorola moved its headquarters to the Chicago suburb of Schaumburg, Illinois.
In 1980, Motorola’s next generation 32-bit microprocessor, the MC68000, led the wave of technologies that spurred the computing revolution in 1984, powering devices from companies such as Apple, Commodore, Atari, Sun, and Hewlett Packard.[25]




Dr. Martin Cooper of Motorola made the first private handheld mobile phone call on a larger prototype model in 1973. This is a reenactment in 2007.


In September 1983, the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) approved the DynaTAC 8000X telephone, the world's first commercial cellular device. By 1998, cellphones accounted for two thirds of Motorola's gross revenue.[26] The company was also strong in semiconductor technology, including integrated circuits used in computers. In particular, it is known for the 6800 family and 68000 family of microprocessors and related peripheral ICs; the processors were used in Atari ST, Commodore Amiga, Color Computer, and Apple Macintosh personal computers and in the early HP laser printers, and some 6800-family peripheral devices were used in the IBM PC series of personal computers.[27] The PowerPC family was developed with IBM and in a partnership with Apple (known as the AIM alliance). Motorola also has a diverse line of communication products, including satellite systems, digital cable boxes and modems.
In 1986, Motorola invented the Six Sigma quality improvement process. This became a global standard. In 1990 General Instrument Corporation, which was later acquired by Motorola, proposed the first all-digital HDTV standard. In the same year the company introduced the Bravo numeric pager which became the world's best-selling pager.
In 1991, Motorola demonstrated the world's first working-prototype digital cellular system and phones using GSM standard in Hanover, Germany. In 1994, Motorola introduced the world's first commercial digital radio system that combined paging, data and cellular communications and voice dispatch in a single radio network and handset. In 1995, Motorola introduced the world's first two-way pager which allowed users to receive text messages and e-mail and reply with a standard response.
In 1998, Motorola was overtaken by Nokia as the world's biggest seller of mobile phone handsets.[22]
On September 15, 1999, Motorola announced it would buy General Instrument in an $11 billion stock swap. General Instrument had long been the No. 1 cable TV equipment provider, supplying cable operators with end-to-end hybrid fiber coax cable solutions. This meant that GI offers all cable TV transmission network components from the head-end to the fiber optic transmission nodes to the cable set-top boxes, now at the availability of Motorola. GI's acquisition created the Broadband Communications Sector (BCS).
In 1999, Motorola separated a portion of its semiconductor business—the Semiconductor Components Group (SCG)-- and formed ON Semiconductor, whose headquarters are located in Phoenix, Arizona.[28]
In June 2000, Motorola and Cisco supplied the world's first commercial GPRS cellular network to BT Cellnet in the United Kingdom. The world's first GPRS cell phone was also developed by Motorola. In August 2000, with recent acquisitions, Motorola reached its peak employment of 150,000 employees worldwide.[29] Two years later, employment would be at 93,000 due to layoffs and spinoffs.
In 2002, Motorola introduced the world's first wireless cable modem gateway which combined a high-speed cable modem router with an ethernet switch and wireless home gateway. In 2003, Motorola introduced the world's first handset to combine a Linux operating system and Java technology with "full PDA functionality". In 2004, Motorola divested its whole semiconductor business to form Freescale Semiconductor.
The Motorola RAZR line sold over 120 million units, which brought the company to the number two mobile phone slot in 2005.
In June 2005, Motorola overtook the intellectual property of Sendo for $30,000 and paid £362,575 for the plant, machinery and equipment.[30]
In June 2006, Motorola acquired the software platform (AJAR) developed by the British company TTP Communications plc.[31] Later in 2006, the firm announced a music subscription service named iRadio. The technology came after a break in a partnership with Apple Computer (which in 2005 had produced an iTunes compatible cell phone ROKR E1, and most recently, mid-2007, its own iPhone). iRadio has many similarities with existing satellite radio services (such as Sirius and XM Radio) by offering live streams of commercial-free music content. Unlike satellite services, however, iRadio content will be downloaded via a broadband internet connection. As of 2008, iRadio has not been commercially released and no further information is available.[32]
In 2007, Motorola acquired Symbol Technologies to provide products and systems for enterprise mobility solutions, including rugged mobile computing, advanced data capture, and radio frequency identification (RFID).
In 2010, Motorola sold its cellular-infrastructure business to Nokia Siemens Networks for $1.2 billion.[33]
Motorola, post-split[edit]
In January 2011, Motorola split into two separate companies, each still using the word Motorola as part of its name. One company, Motorola Solutions (using a blue version of the Motorola logo), is based in the Chicago suburb of Schaumburg, Illinois, and concentrates on police technologies, radios, and commercial needs. The other company, Motorola Mobility (using a red logo), is based in Chicago (formerly in the Chicago suburb of Libertyville, Illinois), and is the mobile handset producer. The split was structured so that Motorola Solutions was the legal successor of the original Motorola, while Motorola Mobility was the spin-off.
On August 15, 2011, Google announced that it would purchase Motorola Mobility for about $12.5 billion.[34] On November 17, 2011, Motorola Mobility stockholders “voted overwhelmingly to approve the proposed merger with Google Inc”.[35]
On May 22, 2012, Google announced that the acquisition of Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. had closed, with Google acquiring MMI for $40.00 per share in cash. ($12.5 billion)[36]
On October 30, 2014, Google sold off Motorola Mobility to Lenovo. The purchase price was approximately US $2.91 billion (subject to certain adjustments), including US$1.41 billion paid at close: US $660 million in cash and US$750 million in Lenovo ordinary shares (subject to a share cap/floor). The remaining US$1.5 billion was paid in the form of a three-year promissory note.
After the purchase, Google maintained ownership of the vast majority of the Motorola Mobility patent portfolio, including current patent applications and invention disclosures, while Lenovo received a license to the portfolio of patents and other intellectual property. Additionally Lenovo received over 2,000 patent assets, as well as the Motorola Mobility brand and trademark portfolio.[37]
Divisional Products:[38]

Enterprise Mobility Solutions: Headquarters located in Schaumburg, Illinois; comprises communications offered to government and public safety sectors and enterprise mobility business. Motorola develops analog and digital two-way radio, voice and data communications products and systems, mobile computing, advanced data capture, wireless infrastructure and RFID solutions to customers worldwide.
Home & Networks Mobility: Headquarters located in Arlington Heights, Illinois; produces end-to-end systems that facilitate uninterrupted access to digital entertainment, information and communications services via wired and wireless mediums. Motorola develops digital video system solutions, interactive set-top devices, voice and data modems for digital subscriber line and cable networks, broadband access systems for cable and satellite television operators, and also wireline carriers and wireless service providers.
Mobile Devices: Headquarters located in Chicago, Illinois; designs wireless handsets, but also licenses much of its intellectual properties. This includes cellular and wireless systems and as well as integrated applications and Bluetooth accessories. Some of their latest gadgets are Moto X Gen 3, Moto X Play, Moto 360 smartwatch, etc.

Finances[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (September 2008)


Motorola's handset division recorded a loss of US$1.2 billion in the fourth quarter of 2007, while the company as a whole earned $100 million during that quarter.[39] It lost several key executives to rivals,[40] and the web site TrustedReviews called the company's products repetitive and uninnovative.[41] Motorola laid off 3,500 workers in January 2008,[42] followed by a further 4,000 job cuts in June[43] and another 20% cut of its research division a few days later.[44] In July 2008, a large number of executives left Motorola to work on Apple Inc.'s iPhone.[45] The company's handset division was also put on offer for sale.[46] Also that month, analyst Mark McKechnie from American Technology Research said that Motorola "would be lucky to fetch $500 million" for selling its handset business. Analyst Richard Windsor said that Motorola might have to pay someone to take the division off the company's hands, and that Motorola may even exit the handset market altogether.[47] Its global market share has been on the decline; from 18.4% of the market in 2007 the company had a share of just 6.0% by Q1 2009, but at last Motorola scored a profit of $26 million in Q2 and showed an increase of 12% in stocks for the first time after losses in many quarters. During the second quarter of 2010, the company reported a profit of $162 million, which compared very favorably to the $26 million earned for the same period the year before. Its Mobile Devices division reported, for the first time in years, earnings of $87 million.[48]
Spin-offs[edit]
Television and radio manufacturing[edit]
In 1974, Motorola divested itself of its television and radio-manufacturing division, which included the Quasar brand of electronics. This division was acquired by Matsushita, already known under its Panasonic brand in North America, where it was looking to expand.
Iridium[edit]
Main article: Iridium (satellite)
Motorola developed the global communication network using a set of 77 satellites. The business ambitions behind this project and the need to raise venture capital to fund the project led to the creation of the Iridium company in the late 1990s. While the technology was proven to work, Iridium failed to attract sufficient customers and it filed for bankruptcy in 1999. Obligations to Motorola and loss of expected revenue caused Motorola to divest the ON Semiconductor (ONNN) business August 4, 1999, raising about $1.1 billion.
Motorola manufactured two satellite phone handsets for this network – the 9500 and 9505 as well as transceiver units. Some of these are still in production by an OEM but sold under the Iridium brand.
Government and defense[edit]
Due to declines in business in 2000 and 2001, Motorola spun off its government and defense business to General Dynamics. The business deal closed September 2001. Thus GD Decision Systems was formed (and later merged with General Dynamics C4 Systems) from Motorola's Integrated Information Systems Group.
Semiconductor[edit]
On August 4, 1999, Motorola, Inc.'s Semiconductor Components Group, manufacturing Motorola's discrete, standard analog and standard logic devices was spun off, recapitalized and established as an independent company named ON Semiconductor.
On October 16, 2004, Motorola announced that it would spin off its Semiconductor Products Sector into a separate company called Freescale Semiconductor, Inc.. The new company began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on July 16 of the following year.
On Dec. 7, 2015 Freescale Inc. was sold to NXP Semiconductor, a European company.
Automotive[edit]
On January 29, 1988, Motorola sold its Arcade, New York facility and automotive alternators, electromechanical speedometers and tachometers products to Prestolite Electric.[49]
In July 2006, Motorola completed the sale of its automotive business to Continental AG. Motorola’s automotive unit had annual sales of $1.6 billion (€1.33 billion) and employed 4,504. The divisions products included telematics systems - like GM's OnStar used for vehicle navigation and safety services, engine and transmission control electronics, vehicle control, electronics and sensors used in steering, braking, and power doors and power windows.
Biometrics[edit]
In 2000, Motorola acquired Printrak International Inc.[50] for $160 million.[51] In doing so, Motorola not only acquired computer aided dispatch and related software, but also acquired Automated fingerprint identification system software.[52]
In October 2008, Motorola agreed to sell its Biometrics business to Safran, a French defense firm. Motorola's biometric business unit was headquartered in Anaheim, Calif. The deal closed in April 2009.[53] The unit became part of Sagem Morpho, which was renamed MorphoTrak.
Split[edit]
On March 26, 2008, Motorola's board of directors approved a split into two different publicly traded companies. This came after talk of selling the handset division to another corporation. These new companies would comprise the business units of the current Motorola Mobile Devices and Motorola Broadband & Mobility Solutions. Originally it was expected that this action would be approved by regulatory bodies and complete by mid-2009, but the split was delayed due to company restructuring problems and the 2008–2009 extreme economic downturn.[54]
On February 11, 2010, Motorola announced its separation into two independent, publicly traded companies,[55] effective Q1 2011. The official split occurred at around 12:00 pm EST on January 4, 2011. The two new companies are called Motorola Mobility (now owned by Lenovo; cell phone and cable television equipment company) and Motorola Solutions (NYSE: MSI; Government and Enterprise Business). Motorola Solutions is generally considered to be the direct successor to Motorola, Inc., as the reorganization was structured with Motorola Mobility being spun off.[6] Motorola Solutions retains Motorola, Inc.'s pre-2011 stock price history, though it retired the old ticker symbol of "MOT" in favor of "MSI."
Motorola Mobility deal by Google[edit]
On August 15, 2011, seven months after Motorola Mobility was spun off into an independent company, Google announced that it would acquire Motorola Mobility for $12.5 billion,[56][57] subject to approval from regulators in the United States and Europe.
According to the filing, Google senior vice president Andy Rubin first reached out to Motorola Mobility in early July 2011 to discuss the purchase by some of Google's competitors of the patent portfolio of Nortel Networks Corp., and to assess its potential impact on the Android ecosystem.
Google boosted its offer for Motorola Mobility by 33% in a single day in early August, even though Motorola wasn't soliciting competing bids. The aggressive bidding by Google showed that[citation needed] the search engine company was under considerable pressure to beef up its patent portfolio to protect its promising Android franchise from a growing number of legal challenges.
According to the filing, Google and Motorola began discussions about Motorola's patent portfolio in early July, as well as the "intellectual property litigation and the potential impact of such litigation on the Android ecosystem".
Although the two companies discussed the possibility of an acquisition after the initial contact by Mr. Rubin, it was only after Motorola pushed back on the idea of patent sale that the acquisition talks picked up steam.
The turning point came during a meeting on July 6. At the meeting, Motorola CEO Sanjay Jha discussed the protection of the Android ecosystem with Google senior vice president Nikesh Arora, and during that talk Jha told Arora that "it could be problematic for Motorola Mobility to continue to exist as a stand-alone entity if it sold a large portion of its patent portfolio".
In connection with these discussions, the two companies signed a confidentiality and non-disclosure agreement that allowed Google to do due diligence on the company's patent portfolio.
On July 21 and 23, Jha met with Arora and Rubin to discuss strategic options between the two companies, agreeing to continue to discuss a potential sale. On the morning of August 15, the two companies entered into a merger agreement at the offered price of $40. On November 17, Motorola Mobility stockholders approved the proposed merger with Google Inc. On April 17, 2013, ARRIS Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARRS) announced that it completed its acquisition of the Motorola Home business from a subsidiary of Google Inc.[58]
Motorola Mobility (Google) deal by Lenovo[edit]
On January 29, 2014, Google announced Lenovo plans to acquire the Motorola Mobility smartphone business. The purchase price is approximately $2.91 billion (subject to certain adjustments), including $1.41 billion paid at close: $660 million in cash and $750 million in Lenovo ordinary shares (subject to a share cap/floor). The remaining $1.5 billion will be paid in the form of a three-year promissory note.
Google maintained ownership of the vast majority of the Motorola Mobility patent portfolio, including active patent applications and invention disclosures. As part of its ongoing relationship with Google, Lenovo received a license to this rich portfolio of patents and other intellectual property. Additionally Lenovo received over 2,000 patent assets, as well as the Motorola Mobility brand and trademark portfolio.[59] On October 30, 2014, Lenovo finalized its purchase of Motorola Mobility from Google.[11]
Canopy and Orthogon[edit]
Cambium Networks was created when Motorola Solutions sold the Canopy and Orthogon businesses in 2011. Cambium Networks has evolved the platform and expanded it to three product lines: Point to Point (PTP) (formerly Orthogon), Point to Multipoint (PMP) (formerly Canopy) and ePMP.
Quality systems[edit]
The Six Sigma quality system was developed at Motorola even though it became best known through its use by General Electric. It was created by engineer Bill Smith, under the direction of Bob Galvin (son of founder Paul Galvin) when he was running the company. Motorola University is one of many places that provide Six Sigma training.
Environmental record[edit]
Motorola, Inc., along with the Arizona Water Co. has been identified as the sources of trichloroethylene (TCE) contamination that took place in Scottsdale, Arizona. The malfunction led to a ban on the use of water that lasted three days and affected almost 5000 people in the area. Motorola was found to be the main source of the TCE, an industrial solvent that cause cancer. The TCE contamination was caused by a faulty blower on an air stripping tower that was used to take TCE from the water, and Motorola has attributed the situation to operator error.[60]
Of eighteen leading electronics manufacturers in Greenpeace’s Guide to Greener Electronics (October 2010), Motorola shares sixth place with competitors Panasonic and Sony).[61]
Motorola scores relatively well on the chemicals criteria and has a goal to eliminate PVC plastic and brominated flame retardants (BFRs), though only in mobile devices and not in all its products introduced after 2010, despite the fact that Sony Ericsson and Nokia are already there. All of its mobile phones are now PVC-free and it has two PVC and BFR-free mobile phones, the A45 ECO and the GRASP; all chargers are also free from PVC and BFRs.[61]
The company is also increasing the proportion of recycled materials that used in its products. For example, the housings for the MOTO W233 Renew and MOTOCUBO A45 Eco mobile phones contain plastic from post-consumer recycled water cooler bottles.[62] According to the company’s information, all of Motorola’s newly designed chargers meet the current Energy Star requirements and exceed the requirements for standby/no-load modes by at least 67%.[63]
Sponsorships[edit]
Motorola sponsored Scottish Premier League club Motherwell F.C. for 11 years. This long term deal ended after the company started to reduce its manufacturing operations in Scotland. The company also sponsored Livingston F.C. between 1998 and 2002. The company also had a plant on the edge of the town. However, this closed down at the same time as their sponsorship with the club ended. The South Stand at Livingston's Almondvale Stadium, was named after the company, during their time of sponsorship. The company also sponsored a cycling team that counted Lance Armstrong amongst its members. Motorola is also a sponsor of Danica Patrick, David Beckham, and Fergie. It also sponsored the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League from 2004 to 2007. Motorola sponsored São Paulo FC from 2000 to 2001. Motorola also sponsored Club Bolívar since 2008. Motorola awarded TrackIT Solutions for being "The company with most Innovative Enterprise Mobility Solution" in 2010.
Motorola sponsored Indian Premier League team Rising Pune Supergiant
In Madden NFL 07 franchise mode, a Motorola phone is used to communicate with coaches and agents.
Robby Gordon was sponsored by Motorola in 2007 and 2008. Motorola is on Gordon's car in NASCAR 07 and NASCAR 08.
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Telecommunications portal



List of companies of the United States
List of electronics companies

References[edit]


^ "Motorola Office Locations". Retrieved July 26, 2010.
^ a b "Motorola Solutions, Inc. 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 13, 2014. 
^ [http://files.shareholder.com/downloads/ABEA-58XVPR/2044382714x0x561829/C636C146-7901-45E3-BC3C-6A82FD06B763/MMI_-_2011_Final_Annual_Report_291113_030.pdf}}
^ Jones, Daniel (2003) [1917], Peter Roach, James Hartmann and Jane Setter, eds., English Pronouncing Dictionary, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, ISBN 3-12-539683-2 CS1 maint: Uses editors parameter (link)
^ Ante, Spencer E. (January 5, 2011). "Motorola Is Split Into Two". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ a b "Motorola Solutions Inc: NYSE:MSI quotes & news – Google Finance". Google. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ Roger Cheng, CNET. "It's official: Motorola Mobility now belongs to Lenovo." October 30, 2014 . Retrieved March 7, 2017.
^ Gelles, Claire Cain Miller and David. "After Big Bet, Google Is to Sell Motorola Unit". Retrieved 26 June 2016. 
^ "We’ve acquired Motorola Mobility". Google Official Blog. Retrieved May 22, 2012. 
^ Lenovo to Acquire Motorola Mobility from Google – Investor Relations – Google. Investor.google.com. Retrieved on 2014-01-30.
^ a b "Hello Moto". Lenovo. Retrieved October 30, 2014. 
^ Mahon, Morgan E. A Flick of the Switch 1930–1950 (Antiques Electronics Supply, 1990), p.111.
^ "Joseph E. Galvin (1899 - 1944) - Find A Grave Memorial". Retrieved 26 June 2016. 
^ "Paul Vincent Galvin (1895 - 1959) - Find A Grave Memorial". Retrieved 26 June 2016. 
^ "The naming origin of Motorola" HighNames, accessed May 16, 2015, http://highnames.com/motorola-naming-origin/
^ Harry Mark Petrakis, The Founder’s Touch: The Life of Paul Galvin of Motorola (Chicago: McGraw-hill, 1965), 58-93; “Sound in Motion,” Motorola Solutions History, accessed November 5, 2014,
^ “Calling All Cars,” Motorola Solutions History, accessed November 5, 2014, http://www.motorolasolutions.com/US-EN/About/Company+Overview/History/Explore+Motorola+Heritage/Calling+All+Cars.
^ “Handie-Talkie Radio,” Motorola Solutions History, accessed November 5, 2014, http://www.motorolasolutions.com/US-EN/About/Company+Overview/History/Explore+Motorola+Heritage/Handie-Talkie+Radio
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Motorola Solutions History, “A Legacy of Innovation: Timeline of Motorola History Since 1928.”
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc., Chicago, IL, 1962, p. 1108
^ a b Hempel, Jessi (September 28, 2009). "Motorola gets in the game". CNNMoney.com. Retrieved May 30, 2012. 
^ "Historic News Releases". Motorola Inc. Archived from the original on January 5, 2011. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola: 75 Years of Intelligent Thinking", 2003, page 42
^ "Motorola - A Journey Through Time & Technology” pages 75 – 79
^ John F. Mitchell, Time Magazine Milestones section, July 6, 2009, p.17
^ These include the MC6845 CRT Controller—used in the MDA and CGA adapters and the PCjr and emulated in the EGA, MCGA, and VGA—and the MC146818 real-time clock in the IBM AT.
^ "ON Semiconductor". ON Semiconductor. Retrieved April 18, 2013. 
^ "Motorola layoffs". Chicago Tribune. 28 June 2002. Retrieved 9 January 2015. 
^ King, Ben (September 28, 2005). "How Britain lost Sendo". The Register. Retrieved January 16, 2011. 
^ "Motorola acquires TTPCom AJAR Software Platform". Motorola Inc. Archived from the original on April 16, 2007. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "iRadio". Motorola Inc. Retrieved February 3, 2008. 
^ JENNA WORTHAM, The New York Times. "Nokia Siemens Agrees to Pay Cash for Division of Motorola." July 19, 2010. Retrieved Jan 20, 2017.
^ "Google's Motorola acquisition: Nail in the Android patent coffin?". ZDNet. Retrieved 2012-02-19. 
^ "Motorola Mobility Stockholders Approve Merger with Google". Motorola Mobility, Inc. November 17, 2011. Archived from the original on November 20, 2011. Retrieved November 28, 2011. 
^ "Google Press Announcement". 
^ "Google Press Announcement". 
^ "Motorola Mobility – Motorola Solutions – About Motorola – Directional Landing Page". Motorola Inc. January 4, 2011. Archived from the original on November 13, 2008. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola profit slides on mobile woes; shares hit 5-year low". MarketWatch. January 23, 2008. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola CTO Richard Nottenburg takes off". Engadget. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola Phones Sales Crash 38 Per Cent". TrustedReviews. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola to lay off 3,500". Engadget Mobile. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola cuts another 4,000 jobs". Engadget Mobile. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ slashing 20% of its research division
^ "Motorola sues former employee turned Apple exec for ganking trade secrets". Engadget. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola insider tells all about the fall of a technology icon". Engadget. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ Olga Kharif and Roger O. Crockett (July 10, 2008). "Motorola's Market Share Mess". BusinessWeek. Retrieved August 4, 2008. 
^ "Motorola ends fiscal Q2 with healthy profit – GSMArena.com news". Gsmarena.com. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Detailed History". Prestolite Electric Inc. Retrieved 2012-06-13. 
^ "Printrak a Motorola Company" answers.com. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ "Motorola to Buy Printrak for $160 Million" Los Angeles Times, 2000-08-30. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ "Law enforcement enlists fingerprint technology to fight crime Contract awards latest in string of wins for Printrak International" findarticles.com, 1995-04-27. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ "Safran Completes Acquisition of Motorola's Biometrics Business" Motorola Solutions website, 2009-04-07. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ Reardon, M.: "As losses return, Motorola delays its split", "CNET News", 2008-10-30. Retrieved April 26, 2009
^ "Motorola Mobility, Inc. – Media Center – Press Releases – Motorola Targets First Quarter 2011 to Separate into Two Independent, Publicly Traded Companies". Mediacenter.motorola.com. February 11, 2010. Archived from the original on February 14, 2010. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ Tsukayama, Hayley (August 15, 2011). "Google agrees to acquire Motorola Mobility". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 15, 2011. 
^ "Google to Acquire Motorola Mobility" (Press release). Google. August 15, 2011. Retrieved August 15, 2011. 
^ Richard Lawler, EnGadget. "Arris closes deal to buy Motorola Home cable and internet biz from Google." April 17, 2013. Retrieved Jun 3, 2017.
^ Lenovo to Acquire Motorola Mobility from Google – Investor Relations – Google. Investor.google.com. Retrieved on 2014-01-30.
^ Balazs, Diana (May 9, 2008). "Companies trying to prevent PV water pollution". The Arizona Republic. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ a b "Greenpeace – Guide to Greener Electronics". Greenpeace International. Retrieved January 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola – Material content". Motorola. Archived from the original on August 8, 2010. Retrieved January 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola – Energy efficiency". Motorola. Archived from the original on August 9, 2010. Retrieved January 12, 2011. 


Further reading[edit]

Gart, Jason H. (2006). "Electronics and Aerospace Industry in Cold War Arizona, 1945–1968 – Motorola, Hughes Aircraft, Goodyear Aircraft". Arizona State University.  Phd diss.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Motorola.



Official website
"For Google, The Motorola Deal Was All About The Patents At First", by Spencer E. Ante, The Wall Street Journal, Sep 14, 2011.







v
t
e


Motorola



People



Paul V. Galvin
Sanjay Jha





Subsidiaries and spinoffs



Motorola Mobility (spinoff)
Freescale Semiconductor (spinoff)
ON Semiconductor (spinoff)
Iridium Communications (spinoff)
Motorola Solutions (subsidiary)
Sendo (acquisition)





Technologies



FLEX
iDEN
iTap
MOTO Talk
Motorola phone AT commands
PowerSource
SCREEN3





Consortia



88open
Advanced Digital Radio Testing Service
Motorola University





Related



List of semiconductor fabrication plants
Motorola affair
Motorola Mobility v. Apple Inc.












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Motorola&oldid=790816573"					
Categories: Motorola1928 establishments in Illinois2011 disestablishments in IllinoisAmerican companies established in 1928Companies based in Cook County, IllinoisCompanies formerly listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeDefunct companies based in IllinoisDefunct manufacturing companies of the United StatesDefunct mobile phone manufacturersElectronics companies established in 1928Electronics companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies disestablished in 2011Manufacturing companies established in 1928National Medal of Technology recipientsSchaumburg, IllinoisSysML PartnersTechnology companies established in 1928Telecommunications companies of the United StatesHidden categories: CS1 maint: Uses editors parameterPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles to be expanded from September 2008All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançais한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीمصرىBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålਪੰਜਾਬੀPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言吴语粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 08:18.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 

























Motorola US | unlocked cell phones & modular smartphones




















Skip to main content





 





























        
    Phones          








        
    Models          








        
    Moto Z Family          



        
    Moto G Family          



        
    Moto E Family          



        
    All Moto phones          
















        
    Compare & Build          








        
    Compare newest phones          



        
    Check carrier compatibility          



        
    Learn about no-contract          



        
    Learn about Design Refresh          
















        
    Phone Accessories          








        
    Cases & shells          



        
    Chargers          
















        
    Special Offers          








        
    Special offers          



        
    Moto Care          



        
    Student discount          



        
    Financing          






















          Shatter limits. Not phones.        

          Pre-order the new Moto Z² Force Edition        





 










        
    Moto Mods          








        
    Moto Mods          








        
    Shop all Moto Mods          



        
    How Moto Mods work          



        
    Build your own Moto Mod          
















        
    Compatible Phones          








        
    Moto Z Family          
















        
    Special Offers          








        
    Special offers          



        
    Financing          






















          Reconnect with your world        

          With Moto Mods, access unlimited possibilities        





 










        
    Watches          








        
    Watch          








        
    Moto 360 (2nd Gen.)          



        
    Moto 360 Sport          
















        
    Special Offers          








        
    Special offers          



        
    Moto Care          



        
    Student discount          



        
    Financing          






















          Different sweats better        

          Moto 360 Sport, designed for your most grueling workouts        





 










        
    Software          








        
    Phone Software          








        
    Moto software and apps          



        
    Android OS          



        
    Android upgrade schedule          
















        
    Wearable Software          








        
    All Moto 360 software and apps          



        
    Android Wear          



        
    Moto Body          



        
    Your favorite Apps          

















        
    Specials          



        
    Community          








        
    Connect With Us          








        
    Register for updates          



        
    Moto blog          



        
    Support forums          
















        
    Social          








        
    Facebook          



        
    Twitter          



        
    Instagram          



        
    YouTube          

















        
    Get Help          








        
    Product Support          








        
    Moto Z Droid          



        
    Moto Z Force Droid          



        
    Moto X Pure Edition          



        
    Droid Turbo 2          



        
    Droid Maxx 2          



        
    Moto X (2nd Gen.)          



        
    Moto 360 (2nd Gen.)          



        
    All other products          
















        
    Service & Repair          








        
    Drivers          



        
    Software updates          



        
    Returns          



        
    Repairs          



        
    Extended warranty          
















        
    Community Resources          








        
    Support forums          



        
    Developer resources          
















        
    My Account          








        
    Online order status          



        
    My support profile          



        
    My stuff          



        
    Contact us          


















 




 










You have just added
Total items in cart: %quantity












 







 



Homepage US







 












  


    shattering limitations
shatterproof design. transforms with moto mods.pre-order now.
   
Learn more

  




 












  


    free projector mod
by mail, after you buy moto z² force edition.†a $299.99 value.
   
Learn more

  




 












  


    thinner.lighter.faster.
pre-order the unlocked version now.it works on all major U.S. networks.
   
Learn more

  




 












  


    capture life in 360°
an ultra wide-angle perspective you can’t find in any other smartphone.pre-order now.
   
Learn more

  


 



  
        moto z² force edition  

        free projector mod  

        moto z² play  

        moto 360 camera  
 







 

 






https://www.motorola.com/us/specials/offers 
 
 


free projector mod
 Get Moto Insta-Share Projector free, by mail, after you buy the new Moto Z² Force Edition†
Learn more
 


 



https://www.motorola.com/us/specials 
 
 


shop all deals
 Limited-time offers on innovative phones and revolutionary Moto Mods™
Learn more
 


 


 




























unleash your passions
there's a moto mod for whatever you're into
 
Learn more

 











hellomoto
say hello to unlimited possibilities, features innovated to simplify your life, and always free shipping on orders over $75
 
 
Find your phone

 














 
new! moto e⁴ 















 



    $129.99    












5” HD Display in a compact design








All-day battery*








Advanced cameras




Learn more

 















 
moto g⁵ plus 















 



    From $229.99    












The first camera in its class with Dual Autofocus Pixels for faster focus








Precision-crafted, high-grade aluminum design








Carrier-friendly—unlocked and works on all major U.S. networks




Learn more

 















 
new! moto z² play 















 



    $408.00    












Our first camera that combines laser autofocus and dual autofocus pixels








Transforms into an entirely new device with Moto Mods








Fingerprint reader with one-touch navigation




Learn more

 



 











 





 
moto blog get more of a good thing June 12, 2017 Learn more 




 

make your own moto mod Learn more 





 

meet the parents Lenovo laptops + more 


 


 

























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Motorola Cordless Phones, 2 way Radios & Bluetooth Headsets

















 
 



























FAQ
My Order Status
Login
Your Account




0 Item(s)























                (800) 720-5234









Two Way Radios
Pro AccessoriesCell PhonesWearablesCordless Telephones
Pets ProductsXoom TabletBaby MonitorsBarcode ScannersCable ModemsAccessories























































Motorola 5.8GHz phones are equipped with an excellent line of features. With trilingual menu support, headset jack, and handset locator paging you can enjoy 

hassle-free phone communication. Several of the 5.8GHz cordless phones models can support up to 8 handsets and carry multiple caller conferencing capabilities.   The Motorola 2.4 GHz cordless phones are a great 

addition to the modern day household. Model CLS-1450CB is a 2.4GHz phone and 2 way radio in one, combining the best of both worlds. Motorola 

also manufactures replacement phone batteries for your 

existing phone system and Bluetooth headsets 

for Bluetooth enabled devices. 

The Motorola 2 way radios have become a staple in the 

American workplace. The Moto professional and personal line of walkie talkie radios can be found in the hands of electrical engineers, public safety officials, ship captains, 

and military personnel. With features like FRS broadcasting, interference eliminator codes, and SAME technology, it is no surprise some of our nations bravest rely on 

Motorola 2 ways.

  






















































(800) 720-5234

All logos displayed on this page are registered trademarks with their respective organizations.

Disclaimer: FactoryOutletStore.com Copyright © 2005-2017 Privacy Policy
Sitemap













As an email member, look forward to:

Exclusive email discounts
Private sales events
New product launches
Product maintenance guides
And much more!

CONTINUE SHOPPING





            Enjoy Up to 75% Off Now
        

            Thank You for Signing Up
        

            Free same day shipping on all orders
        

            All discounts are being applied sitewide. 
        



            *Entering your email address allows you to receive emails on promotions, exclusive offers, and new products from factoryoutletstore.com. You can unsubscribe at any time.
        
















20-75% off
FREE Same Day Shipping
Ends Tomorrow



Your Shopping Cart is Empty
For Assitance Call Us! 
Check out our Top Categories to find great savings.





More Info














Add to cart






Featured Product




Email Opt Out

                    Thank you for visiting. We are sorry to see that you would like to opt out of receiving 
                    future email offers from us. Please take a moment to reconsider as our emails provide
                    you with savings opportunities and special promotional offers which are not always available
                    to everyone.
                

                    Once you press the button below, labeled "don't email me any more offers", we will honor 
                    your request immediately and no longer send any email offers to you from our store. Any special 
                    promotions that were scheduled to be emailed to you will be removed from our system. 
                






















Select Reason for Opting Out





don't email me any more offers




Call Us! 






 










FAQ | 
                Privacy Policy
My Order Status | 
Sitemap | 
Blog




Thank you for signing up!
As an email member, look forward to:

Exclusive email discounts
Private sales events
New product launches
Product maintenance guides
And much more!

CONTINUE SHOPPING











Search Tips
Search for typos and double-check your spelling
Try to use different keywords
Search using more general keywords








































































Trustpilot




Trustpilot
























Buy Motorola Radios and Accessories

















 
 




























FAQ
My Order Status
Login
Your Account




0 Item(s)























                (800) 720-5234






















                    $179.00
                
SHOP NOW






$189.00
SHOP NOW






$279.00
SHOP NOW








$69.95
SHOP NOW






$94.00
SHOP NOW






$99.00
SHOP NOW


















(800) 720-5234

All logos displayed on this page are registered trademarks with their respective organizations.

Disclaimer: FactoryOutletStore.com Copyright © 2005-2017 Privacy Policy
Sitemap













As an email member, look forward to:

Exclusive email discounts
Private sales events
New product launches
Product maintenance guides
And much more!

CONTINUE SHOPPING























































            Enjoy Up to 75% Off Now
        

            Thank You for Signing Up
        

            Free same day shipping on all orders
        

            All discounts are being applied sitewide. 
        



            *Entering your email address allows you to receive emails on promotions, exclusive offers, and new products from factoryoutletstore.com. You can unsubscribe at any time.
        
















20-75% off
FREE Same Day Shipping
Ends Tomorrow



Your Shopping Cart is Empty
For Assitance Call Us! 
Check out our Top Categories to find great savings.





More Info














Add to cart






Featured Product




Email Opt Out

                    Thank you for visiting. We are sorry to see that you would like to opt out of receiving 
                    future email offers from us. Please take a moment to reconsider as our emails provide
                    you with savings opportunities and special promotional offers which are not always available
                    to everyone.
                

                    Once you press the button below, labeled "don't email me any more offers", we will honor 
                    your request immediately and no longer send any email offers to you from our store. Any special 
                    promotions that were scheduled to be emailed to you will be removed from our system. 
                






















Select Reason for Opting Out





don't email me any more offers




Call Us! 






 










FAQ | 
                Privacy Policy
My Order Status | 
Sitemap | 
Blog




Thank you for signing up!
As an email member, look forward to:

Exclusive email discounts
Private sales events
New product launches
Product maintenance guides
And much more!

CONTINUE SHOPPING











Search Tips
Search for typos and double-check your spelling
Try to use different keywords
Search using more general keywords






































































Trustpilot




Trustpilot




















Motorola Batteries - 2-Way Radio Batteries

















 
 



























FAQ
My Order Status
Login
Your Account




0 Item(s)























                (800) 720-5234









Two Way Radios
Professional RadiosRecreational RadiosWaterproof RadiosNOAA Weather RadiosHuntingAccessoriesAntennasBatteriesBelt ClipsCablesCasesChargersHeadsetsMicrophonesSpeakers Pro AccessoriesCell PhonesWearablesCordless Telephones
Pets ProductsXoom TabletBaby MonitorsBarcode ScannersCable ModemsAccessories































BATTERY FINDER
Enter your 2 way radio or battery model number


Find Battery








Need Help to Find Your Model #?
                Click Here




Need Help to Find Your Model #?  Click Here






Don't know your 2-way radio or battery model? Follow these quick & easy steps...
            


Remove the battery cover on the 2-way radio and look on the battery for the model number.
If no model number is found:
Look inside the 2-way radio battery compartment & locate the model number of the 2-way radio.

Still can't find any model numbers? CALL US NOW AT (800) 720-5234










Search by:
2-Way Radio






Search by:
Battery Model







Search by:
2-Way Radio Model



A - C


A10
A12
APX6000
APX6000 P25
APX6000XE P25
APX7000
APX7000XE P25
Astro
AXU4100
AXV5100
CEP400
CLP1010
CLP1040
CLP1060
CLS1100


CLS1110
CLS1114
CLS1410
CLS1450CB
CLS1450CH
Cosmo
CP040
CP110
CP125
CP1300
CP140
CP150
CP160
CP1600
CP1660


CP170
CP180
CP185
CP200
CP250
CP340
CP360
CP380
CP450
CP476
CP477
CT150
CT250
CT450
CT450LS


D - E - F


DTR410
DTR510
DTR550
DTR610
DTR650
EM1000
EM1000R
EM1020R
EP150


EP350
EP450
EX500
EX560
EX560XLS
EX600
EX600XLS
FuG10b
FuG13b


FV300
FV300R
FV500
FV600
FV700
FV700R
FV750R CAMO
FV800


G


GL2000
GP1200
GP1280
GP140
GP2000s
GP2010
GP2013
GP2100
GP240
GP280
GP300
GP308


GP3138
GP3188
GP320
GP328
GP328 PLUS
GP329
GP329 Plus
GP338
GP338 Plus
GP339
GP340
GP344


GP350
GP360
GP3688
GP380
GP388
GP540
GP580
GP600
GP628 Plus
GP640
GP644
GP680


GP688
GP88
GP88S
GP900
GT-2050
GTP500
GTX LTR Portable
GTX Privacy Plus Portable
GTX800
GTX900


H - L


HT1000
HAT100
HT1050
HT1100
HT1200
HT1225


HT1250
HT1250.LS+
HT1250LS
HT1500
HT1550
HT1550XLS


HT4500
HT600
HT6000
HT750
HT800


iDENi500
JT1000
KEBT082
LCS2000
LTS2000

M - N


MB140R
MD200R
MD200TPR
MH230R
MH230TPR
MJ270R
MJ430R
MotoTRBO DGP4150
MotoTRBO DGP4150+
MotoTRBO DGP6150
MotoTRBO DGP6150+
MotoTRBO DP3400
MotoTRBO DP3401
MotoTRBO DP3600
MotoTRBO DP3601
MotoTRBO DR3000
MR350R
MR350RVP
MR355R
MR560R
MS355R
MT1000
MT1500
MT2000
MT2100


MT350R
MT352R
MT352TPR
MT8250
MTH650
MTH800
MTP200
MTP300
MTP700
MTP750
MTP850
MTR2000
MTR3000
MTRXU2100
MTRXU2600
MTRXV2100
MTS1200
MTS2000
MTS2010
MTS2013
MTX1000
MTX638
MTX800
MTX8000
MTX8250


MTX8250LS
MTX838
MTX850
MTX850LS
MTX868
MTX888
MTX900
MTX9000
MTX9250
MTX950
MTX960
MX1000
MX2000
MX300
MX3000
MX3010
MX320
MX330
MX340
MX350
MX360
Nextel I500 PLUS
Nextel I550
Nextel I700
Nextel I700PLUS


P - R - S


P040
P020
P060
P080
P200
P210
PM400
PR1500
PR400
PR860
PRO3150
PRO5150
PRO5350
PRO5450
PRO5550
PRO5750
PRO7150
Pro7150 Elite
PRO7350
PRO7750


PRO9150
PTX1200
PTX600
PTX700
PTX760
PTX780
Radius P110
Radius P1225
Radius P1225LS
Radius P50
RDM2020
RDM2080D
RDU2020
RDU2023
RDU2080D
RDU4100
RDU4103D
RDU4160D
RDU4163D


RDV2020
RDV2080D
RDV5100
RDX2080
Saber
Saber 3
Saber I R
Saber II R
Saber III
SP66
Spirit GT
Spirit GT Plus
SX500
SX600
SX600R
SX700R
SX800
SX900
SX900R


T - V - X


T4800
T4900
T5000
T5022
T5025
T5300
T5320
T5330
T5400
T5410
T5420
T5500
T5522
T5525
T5600
T5620
T5700
T5710
T5720
T5800
T5820
T5900
T5920
T5950
T6000
T6300
T6500
T6500R
T6510
T6530
T6550
T7000
T7100
T8500
T8550R CAMO
T9500
T9550XLR
T9550XLR CAMO
T9580R SAME
T9680RSAME
Talkabout 270


Talkabout 270 SLK
Talkabout 280
Talkabout 280 SLK
TalkAbout FV500
Talkabout T289
TalkAbout T4800
TalkAbout T4900
TalkAbout T5000
TalkAbout T5025
TalkAbout T5100
TalkAbout T5200
TalkAbout T5300
TalkAbout T5320
TalkAbout T5400
TalkAbout T5410
TalkAbout T5420
TalkAbout T5500
TalkAbout T5512
TalkAbout T5522
TalkAbout T5525
TalkAbout T5600
TalkAbout T5620
TalkAbout T5700
TalkAbout T5710
TalkAbout T5720
TalkAbout T5800
TalkAbout T5820
TalkAbout T5900
TalkAbout T5920
TalkAbout T5950
TalkAbout T6000
TalkAbout T6200
TalkAbout T6210
TalkAbout T6220
TalkAbout T6250
TalkAbout T6300
TalkAbout T6310
TalkAbout T6320
TalkAbout T6400
TalkAbout T6500


TalkAbout T6500R
TalkAbout T8500
TalkAbout T9500
Tetra MTP200
Tetra MTP300
TLKR-T4
TLKR-T5
TLKR-T6
TLKR-T7
Visar
VL120
VL50
VX2600
XIR8200
XIR8260
XIR8268
XiRP8200
XiRP8208
XiRP8260
XiRP8268
XPR4380
XTN446
XTNRadios
XTR8300
XTS1500
XTS2000
XTS2500
XTS3000
XTS3000R
XTS3500
XTS3500R
XTS4250
XTS5000
XTS5000R
XU1100
XU2100
XU2600
XV1100
XV2100
XV2600









Search by:
Battery Model




All Battery Models
53615
53617
53720
53871
53963
53964
56557
6060930K09
6060930L29
6060930L32
BLI-4024
BLI-4081
HKNN4002
HNN9008
HNN9012
HNN9027
HNN9027A
HNN9031
HNN9044
HNN90448A
HNN9044A
HNN9044AR
HNN9049
HNN9056A
HNN9233A
HNN9628
HNN9720B
JMNN4024
KEBT-071
KEBT-072
KEBT-086
NLN5860
NNTN4190A
NNTN4496
NNTN4497
NNTN4851
NTN4018
NTN4584
NTN4584R
NTN4593
NTN4595
NTN4595A
NTN4657
NTN4824
NTN4825
NTN5414
NTN5414A
NTN5447
NTN5447A
NTN7143
NTN7143A
NTN7150
NTN8294
NTN8294AR
NTN8971BR
NTN9815
PMNN4005
PMNN4008
PMNN4017AR
PMNN4021AR
PMNN4063AR
PMNN4081
PMNN4082
RLN6308
RLN6351

Find





53617
KEBT-086



$21.95








53615
HKNN4002
KEBT-071



$24.95








53871
NTN8971BR
NNTN4190A



$24.95








HNN9044AR
HNN9044A
HNN9044
HNN9056A



$10.95








HNN9008
HNN9012
PMNN4008



$34.95








NTN7143
NTN7143A
NTN7150



$54.95








HNN9027
HNN9027A



$34.95








RLN6308



$87.95








NTN9815



$35.95








NTN8294
NTN8294AR
HNN9031



$74.95








HNN9049



$36.95








HNN9628
PMNN4005



$44.95








Back to top

























































(800) 720-5234

All logos displayed on this page are registered trademarks with their respective organizations.

Disclaimer: FactoryOutletStore.com Copyright © 2005-2017 Privacy Policy
Sitemap













As an email member, look forward to:

Exclusive email discounts
Private sales events
New product launches
Product maintenance guides
And much more!

CONTINUE SHOPPING





            Enjoy Up to 75% Off Now
        

            Thank You for Signing Up
        

            Free same day shipping on all orders
        

            All discounts are being applied sitewide. 
        



            *Entering your email address allows you to receive emails on promotions, exclusive offers, and new products from factoryoutletstore.com. You can unsubscribe at any time.
        
















20-75% off
FREE Same Day Shipping
Ends Tomorrow



Your Shopping Cart is Empty
For Assitance Call Us! 
Check out our Top Categories to find great savings.





More Info














Add to cart






Featured Product




Email Opt Out

                    Thank you for visiting. We are sorry to see that you would like to opt out of receiving 
                    future email offers from us. Please take a moment to reconsider as our emails provide
                    you with savings opportunities and special promotional offers which are not always available
                    to everyone.
                

                    Once you press the button below, labeled "don't email me any more offers", we will honor 
                    your request immediately and no longer send any email offers to you from our store. Any special 
                    promotions that were scheduled to be emailed to you will be removed from our system. 
                






















Select Reason for Opting Out





don't email me any more offers




Call Us! 






 










FAQ | 
                Privacy Policy
My Order Status | 
Sitemap | 
Blog




Thank you for signing up!
As an email member, look forward to:

Exclusive email discounts
Private sales events
New product launches
Product maintenance guides
And much more!

CONTINUE SHOPPING











Search Tips
Search for typos and double-check your spelling
Try to use different keywords
Search using more general keywords






































































Trustpilot




Trustpilot



















