






































































Mount Tam Biotechnologies was established in 2014 to develop, optimize and bring to market novel pharmaceutical products to improve the health and well-being of patients suffering from a range of serious disease states where there is significant unmet need. Our most advanced compound is being developed to treat systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE).
            














Copyright © 2017 / All rights reserved.Mount Tam Biomedical / Notices & Disclaimers


 






















































































First:



Last:



Phone:



Email:



Subject:



Message:















Investor and Media Contact:
                        Jim Stapleton
jim@mounttambiotech.com
425-214-4079

Corporate Mailing Address
                        Mount Tam Biotechnologies
                        7250 Redwood Blvd, Suite 300
                        Novato, CA 94945













Copyright © 2017 / All rights reserved.Mount Tam Biomedical / Notices & Disclaimers


 

























































                Advisors
            



Bryan Cox, PhD
Dr. Cox is currently President of CoPharm Global Consulting, a boutique consultancy focused on providing guidance for biotechs and due diligence teams as they determine the best path forward from early discovery to first-in-man studies.  Prior to CoPharm Global, he was Director of Integrative Pharmacology at Abbott - responsible for both lead optimization and IND-enabling studies.  He served on both the Discovery and Preclinical Safety Leadership Teams.  He has (co-) authored/approved over 250 documents for Regulatory submission and participated in the advancement of over 60 compounds to Phase I clinical trials.  Prior to joining Abbott, Dr. Cox was with Rhone Poulenc Rorer.  Dr. Cox has published more than 100 papers in peer-reviewed journals and has twice been elected to Council for the American Society of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics.  He received his PhD in pharmacology from the University of Iowa and is currently an adjunct Professor of Pharmacology at the University of Iowa, College of Medicine.




Jim Stolzenbach, PhD
Dr. Stolzenbach has extensive research and development experience in the pharmaceutical industry where currently he is President of Jim Stolzenbach Consulting, LLC.  Jim is the former Vice President for Abbvie Renal and Immunology Therapeutic Development.  Previously, he held several senior leadership roles with Monsanto and Pharmacia including Vice President for Cardiovascular and Metabolic Product Development. Jim has led global projects for both small molecule and biologic programs ranging from proof of concept trials to large Phase 3 trials designed for regulatory approval.  During the course of his career he has co-authored over 30 publications in refereed journals with numerous abstracts for presentation.  Jim has a Bachelor’s degree in Science from the University of Connecticut, a Master’s degree from the University of Georgia and obtained his Ph.D. at Oregon State University.










Copyright © 2017 / All rights reserved.Mount Tam Biomedical / Notices & Disclaimers


 






















































                Management Team
            



Richard Marshak, CEO
Richard Marshak, VMD, MBA, is the Chief Executive Officer of Mount Tam Biotechnologies. Dr. Marshak possesses 18 years of pharmaceutical experience across a wide range of leadership roles, touching virtually all aspects of drug development and commercialization.
While at Abbott/Abbvie, Dr. Marshak occupied roles of increasing responsibility spanning marketing, business development, strategic planning and general management in the Pharmaceutical Products Group.  These included marketing roles in the Virology and Cardiovascular Franchises, Director of Marketing for Synthroid, General Manager Pain Care, General Manager Alliance Management and Strategic Planning and Senior Director of Strategic Pricing. Since leaving Abbvie, Dr. Marshak has served as strategic consultant to a range of companies, helping to guide critical decisions including product development, corporate development and commercialization strategies. Prior to his work in the pharmaceutical industry Dr. Marshak spent time as an equine veterinarian in Pennsylvania.
Dr. Marshak holds VMD and BA degrees from the University of Pennsylvania and an MBA from the University of Chicago’s Booth School of Business.




Timothy Powers, Chief Scientific Officer
Timothy Powers, PhD, is the Chief Scientific Officer of Mount Tam Biotechnologies.  Dr. Powers has been engaged in all aspects of drug discovery and development for more than 20 years at both small and large biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies.
Most recently, Dr. Powers held the position of Scientific Director of Medicinal Chemistry at Amgen where he provided scientific and executive leadership to the teams that were responsible for the discovery and development of Amgen’s first ß-secretase small-molecule clinical candidate for Alzheimer’s disease.  Prior to joining Amgen, he was Director of Medicinal Chemistry at Alantos Pharmaceuticals, overseeing all aspects of the company’s discovery research activities which led to the clinical development of the company’s two flagship programs in the areas of type-II diabetes and osteoarthritis. Alantos was purchased by Amgen for $300M, and Dr. Powers was integral to the transaction.
Dr. Powers has authored over 50 publications and scientific presentations and is an inventor on over 40 issued U.S. patents and patent applications in the areas of drug discovery and process manufacturing spanning therapeutic disease areas of inflammation, neuroscience, oncology and metabolic diseases. He holds a B.S. degree in Chemistry from the University of California, Davis and received his Ph.D. in Organic Chemistry from the University of Chicago.




James Stapleton, Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Stapleton joined Mount Tam Biotechnologies in May 2016. Mr. Stapleton brings over 25 years of financial and operating experience, achieving his first CFO position at a public company in 1987. Currently, Mr. Stapleton is a director, and Audit Committee chair for Summer Energy Holdings (OTC BB SUME). From August 2012 to May 2014 Mr. Stapleton was the CFO of Ozone International, LLC, which provides ozone equipment and solutions to food processors.  From February 2012 to June 2012, Mr. Stapleton was the CFO for Jones Soda (OTC BB JSDA).  From 2007 to 2011, Mr. Stapleton was a consultant and advisor to a variety of companies. From May 2005 through July 2007, Mr. Stapleton was the Chief Financial Officer of Bionovo (OTC BB BNVI).  From January 2003 through April 2005, Mr. Stapleton was the Chief Financial Officer of Auxilio (OTC BB AUXO). .  Mr. Stapleton graduated from the University of California at Irvine (UCI) with a MBA in 1995, and from the University of Washington with a BA in Economics in 1985.












Copyright © 2017 / All rights reserved.Mount Tam Biomedical / Notices & Disclaimers


 






















































                Investors
            



Corporate Profile
Mount Tam’s drug discovery platform is based on our proprietary approach to development of novel ‘rapalogs’ (rapamycin-like molecules) that deliver greater mTORC1 selectivity vs. currently marketed compounds.  mTORC1 is one of the complexes formed by mTOR, a master regulator of cell growth and metabolism.
mTORC1 activity has been shown to increase both with aging and in a range of disease states that can have a severe impact on both length and quality of life.  At Mount Tam, we are focused on bringing to bear our unique combination of expertise in the science of mTOR modulation, medicinal chemistry and pre-clinical and clinical development to address serious unmet need.  We do this by discovering and bringing into the clinic novel mTORC1 inhibitors that have the potential to address a broad range of diseases, including autoimmune disease, neurodegenerative disease, and a number of rare genetic diseases where mTORC1 activity is known to be increased. 
Our platform allows us to rapidly engineer new compounds with superior mTORC1 selectivity and to rapidly screen them for efficacy across a range of disease states.










Copyright © 2017 / All rights reserved.Mount Tam Biomedical / Notices & Disclaimers


 






















































                Overview
            



Mount Tam Biotechnologies is a specialty biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of novel mTOR modulators to address serious unmet need across a range of therapeutic areas. With a strong management team that brings the experience and expertise necessary to move novel compounds through discovery and through the clinical trials, Mount Tam is positioned to deliver on our mission of providing leadership in the field of mTOR modulators.
Combining our research collaboration with the world-renowned Buck Institute for Research on Aging, our proprietary discovery platform and our lead compound targeting systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), TAM-01, Mount Tam brings a unique focus and value proposition to the biotechnology space.










Copyright © 2017 / All rights reserved.Mount Tam Biomedical / Notices & Disclaimers


 





















































Page Coming Soon









Copyright © 2017 / All rights reserved.Mount Tam Biomedical / Notices & Disclaimers


 









Mount TAM Biotechnologies, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 8:33 PM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Mount TAM Biotechnologies, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, engages in the development of bio-pharmaceuticals to treat autoimmune diseases in the United States. Its lead product candidate is TAM-01, a preclinical stage compound for the treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus; and TAM-03, a rapamycin analog for addressing unmet need in various cancer types. The company was founded in 2011 and is based in Novato, California. Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc. is a subsidiary of US Equity Holdings.


7250 Redwood BoulevardSuite 300Novato, CA 94945United StatesFounded in 20113 Employees



Phone: 425-214-4079

www.mounttambiotech.com







Key Executives for Mount TAM Biotechnologies, Inc.




Dr. Richard Marshak VMD, MBA


      	Chief Executive Officer and Director
      


Age: 58
        

Total Annual Compensation: $216.2K








Mr. James P. Stapleton


      	Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary
      


Age: 54
        

Total Annual Compensation: $90.9K








Dr. Timothy Powers Ph.D.


      	Chief Scientific Officer and Director
      


Age: 52
        

Total Annual Compensation: $57.4K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Mount TAM Biotechnologies, Inc. Key Developments

Mount Tam Biotechnologies Announces Update on Oncology Studies
Jun 30 17
Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc. has announced that recently completed studies support the potential of both TAM-03 and TAM-01 as oncology candidates. Consistent with Mt Tam's expectations, TAM-01 and TAM-03 produced differentiated activity profiles in an extensive in vitro cancer panel. In particular, increased potency (relative to rapamycin and everolimus) was demonstrated on two dermal cell lines (head/neck and melanoma), lung (SCLC) and colon cell lines. The three former cell lines are mTOR overexpressing while the latter has an mTOR missense mutation. Thus the present data demonstrate that the differentiated mTORC1/mTORC2 profiles of TAM-01 and TAM-03 result in an improved functional activity in specific oncology cell lines relative to existing mTOR therapies.


Mount TAM Biotechnologies, Inc. Presents at Global Chinese Financial Forum, Apr-22-2017 11:30 AM
Apr 19 17
Mount TAM Biotechnologies, Inc. Presents at Global Chinese Financial Forum, Apr-22-2017 11:30 AM. Venue: 8368 Alexandra Road, Richmond, BC V6X 4A6, Canada. Speakers: James P. Stapleton, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary.


Mount TAM Biotechnologies, Inc. Auditor Raises 'Going Concern' Doubt
Mar 31 17
Mount TAM Biotechnologies, Inc. filed its 10-K on Mar 31, 2017 for the period ending Dec 31, 2016. In this report its auditor, Russell Bedford Stefanou Mirchandani LLP - RBSM LLP, gave an unqualified opinion expressing doubt that the company can continue as a going concern.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 20n Labs, Inc. United States 23andMe, Inc. United States 2C Tech Corporation, Inc. United States 3-V Biosciences, Inc. United States 3Bar Biologics Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      August 5, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Mount TAM Biotechnologies, Inc., please visit www.mounttambiotech.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























  MNTM:OTC US Stock Quote - Mount TAM Biotechnologies Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Mount TAM Biotechnologies Inc   MNTM:US   OTC US        0.16USD   0.04   21.95%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/26/2017     Open   0.14    Day Range   0.14 - 0.16    Volume   38,100    Previous Close   0.21    52Wk Range   0.10 - 0.80    1 Yr Return   -77.14%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.14    Day Range   0.14 - 0.16    Volume   38,100    Previous Close   0.21    52Wk Range   0.10 - 0.80    1 Yr Return   -77.14%    YTD Return   -44.83%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (m USD)   7.816    Shares Outstanding  (m)   48.847    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/4/2017   Multiple Sclerosis Drugs and Therapeutic Pipeline Review H1 2017 Research Available at RnR Market Research     6/30/2017   Mount Tam Biotechnologies Announces Continuing Oncology Focus     4/21/2017   Mount Tam Biotechnologies Announces that the European Patent Office Has Allowed a Key Patent for Lead Compound TAM-01     3/23/2017   Mount Tam Biotechnologies Announces that the Japan Patent Office Has Allowed a Key Patent for Lead Compound TAM-01     2/13/2017   Mount Tam Biotechnologies Announces TAM-03, a Novel Compound with Potential to Treat a Range of Cancer Types     2/9/2017   Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc., to present at Bio CEO & Investor Conference    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Mount TAM Biotechnologies, Inc. operates as a bio-pharmaceutical company. The Company develops, optimizes, and markets medical compounds to improve the health and well-being of people who have been affected by autoimmune diseases. Mount TAM Biotechnologies serves customers in the United States.    Address  Redwood BlvdNovato, CAUnited States   Phone  -   Website   www.mounttambiotechnologies.com     Executives Board Members    Richard Marshak  Chief Executive Officer    James P Stapleton  CFO/Secretary/Treasurer    Timothy Powers  Chief Scientific Officer     Show More         Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc. Letter to StockholdersHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,477.83+0.70 (+0.03%)Dow 3021,711.01+97.58 (+0.45%)Nasdaq6,422.75+10.57 (+0.16%)LISTENTop economists debate state of labor marketYahoo Finance's Nicole Sinclair moderates a panel of leading economists at the State of the Labor Market SummitMount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc. Letter to StockholdersMarketwiredJune 3, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareNOVATO, CA--(Marketwired - Jun 3, 2016) - Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc. ("Mount Tam") (  OTC PINK :  MNTM )Dear Stockholder: It is with a great sense of excitement that I am writing this, Mount Tam's first stockholder letter. In 2016 we have made great strides to develop and refine our corporate strategy, build our team, and lay the groundwork so that the company may be in a position to execute on key milestones, and to enable our lead compound, TAM-01, to move to Investigational New Drug ("IND") filing with the FDA, and first-in-man clinical studies.Management Update A key step forward this year has been the expansion and strengthening of the Mount Tam management team. Our new team brings together the expertise and experience necessary to move Mount Tam's lead program and discovery efforts forward, and to achieve the best outcomes for stockholders.Richard Marshak, VMD MBA, joined the company in March as CEO, bringing a wealth of pharmaceutical development, commercialization and business development experience. In a series of leadership roles at Abbott Laboratories Pharmaceutical Products Group (now Abbvie) and as a strategic consultant to leaders in biotech, Dr. Marshak has demonstrated the ability to guide programs and organizations to success and is excited to lead Mount Tam's programs in mTOR modulation with the goal of bringing novel medications to patients in areas of high unmet need.Tim Powers, PhD, returns to his role as Chief Scientific Officer (CSO), where he will lead medicinal chemistry, CMC and pre-clinical development efforts for both lead compound TAM-01 and for Mount Tam's product development platform. Dr. Powers has been engaged in all aspects of drug discovery and development for more than 20 years at both small and large biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. Prior to joining Mount Tam, Dr. Powers held the position of Scientific Director of Medicinal Chemistry at Amgen where he provided scientific and executive leadership to the teams that were responsible for the discovery and development of Amgen's first b-secretase small-molecule clinical candidate for Alzheimer's disease. Prior to joining Amgen, he was Director of Medicinal Chemistry at Alantos Pharmaceuticals, overseeing all aspects of the company's discovery research activities which led to the clinical development of the company's two flagship programs in the areas of type-II diabetes and osteoarthritis.Jim Stapleton, MBA, joined the company on May 2, 2016 as the CFO, and brings over 25 years of public company CFO experience across a wide range of industries. Specific to Mt. Tam, Mr. Stapleton was the CFO of Bionovo, a clinical state drug discovery and development company from 2005 through 2007, and was the CFO of a biotech device company, Biotech Solutions and is responsible for raising more than $100M from institutional investors while serving as CFO for both companies.With our new team in place, Mount Tam is confident that we have the combination of leadership, expertise and experience necessary to move our critical programs forward all while maximizing shareholder value.Pipeline UpdateTAM-01 Mount Tam's lead program, TAM-01 for systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), is ready for execution of cGMP manufacturing and GLP Tox studies, the final steps before filing an IND and entering clinical studies in man. cGMP manufacturing is ready to begin within 60 days, with GLP tox studies commencing as soon as cGMP product is available.This novel rapalog has demonstrated, through extensive pre-clinical testing, a profile that is expected to deliver a superior combination of efficacy and safety vs. rapamycin, and to provide an important new therapeutic option for patients suffering with SLE. With its multi-modal mechanism of action, rapamycin has proven effective at treating refractory SLE in one open-label study (David Fernandez et. al. Arthritis & Rheumatism (2006) 54 (9), 2983) but with a side effect profile that includes dyslipemia, dysregulation of glucose metabolism and decreased reticulocyte counts,we believe that rapamycin is not an optimal candidate for chronic therapy in SLE, particularly given the increased risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality seen in these patients. TAM-01 has shown > efficacy vs. rapamycin in standard SLE models without the adverse event profile that limits rapamycin's utility in these patients.Read MoreThe SLE market represents an area of high unmet need and rapid sales growth, with a recent Decision Resources Group (DRG) report indicating that DRG expects this market to grow from its current size of < $1B to more than $4B by 2022, driven by novel therapeutics taking the place of older drugs that are the standard of care today. We believe that TAM-01 will fill an important role in this dynamic market.Other Pipeline  Beyond TAM-01, we are excited by the broader potential for our pipeline. Along with TAM-02, with its strong pre-clinical profile for the treatment of multiple sclerosis, we are particularly excited by our proprietary platform for the discovery and pre-clinical evaluation of novel rapalogs across a range of indications. Combining the ability to generate novel rapalogs in a rapid and cost-effective manner with our ability to rapidly screen for mTORC1 and mTORC2 activity, we are in a position to become the leader in discovering and developing mTOR modulation based therapeutics.Our understanding of the potential benefit of mTOR modulation across a range of disease states has greatly increased in the last decade, along with our understanding of how disease-modifying therapeutics might benefit patients across a broad range of disease states including cancer, cognitive disorders, muscular dystrophies and a variety of auto-immune and neurodegenerative diseases. At Mount Tam, we intend to use our unique approach to drug discovery to bring forward medications that can have a lasting, positive impact on patients' lives.Financial Update Mount Tam is pleased to have executed a Secured Promissory Note in March 2016 whereby Mount Tam may borrow up to one million dollars ($1,000,000) with the agreement of the holder of the Note. Recently the holder of the Note has agreed to increase the total amount available on this Note to $2,000,000. This Note has a mandatory conversion provision whereby the principal will be converted to equity, at a 20% discount, upon the completion of a Qualified Financing of > two million dollars ($2,000,000). The successful execution of this Note has allowed Mount Tam to focus on quickly securing the financing necessary to move our core programs forward.In conclusion, we are confident that Mount Tam is in a stronger position than at any time in its history, poised to move forward and to deliver on the promise of becoming a leader in discovering and developing novel mTOR modulators. The combination of our lead compound for SLE and our broader pipeline focused across a range of indications where recent research has demonstrated the potential for mTOR modulation to deliver meaningful benefit is an exciting combination, and one that puts Mount Tam in an advantageous position to become a leader in this exciting area.We appreciate your support as we work to advance our proprietary science and technology platform and are excited by our future prospects. About Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc.Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc. was established to develop, optimize and bring to market leading medical compounds to better the health and well being of millions of people who have been affected by autoimmune diseases. The organization's most advanced product focuses on the treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE).Mount Tam has partnered with the world-renowned Buck Institute for Research on Aging through a worldwide exclusive licensing and collaboration agreement. The assets, which are focused on autoimmune diseases, are highly target-specific polyketides -- a class of compounds with an extremely successful track record with the FDA drug approval process. The assets are supported by intellectual property consisting of over 45 worldwide issued patents and patent applications, including composition of matter, manufacturing and therapeutic area applications.Mount Tam intends to apply its first and most advanced asset, TAM-01, to the Investigational New Drug (IND) application phase of the FDA. It has already completed non-GLP pre-clinical development. The primary focus is to develop TAM-01 for the treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) in an expanding orphan drug market. Mount Tam will use the R&D conducted on TAM-01 as the core science for additional assets, including its second product known as TAM-02, which is currently focused on multiple sclerosis (MS).For more information visit www.MountTamBiotech.comReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextKristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business InsiderEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredHighest ranking retired transgender officer slams new plan: I think Trump is ‘being influenced by Pence’Business InsiderMcCain slams Trump's transgender military ban, says it's why 'major policy announcements should not be made via Twitter'Business InsiderAmazon’s Echo rivaled by Xiaomi and Facebook: rptYahoo Finance VideoDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredAmazon earnings — What you need to know in markets on ThursdayYahoo FinanceTrump’s big Foxconn announcement will bring jobs — and robotsYahoo FinanceAn obscure Senate rule just put the GOP healthcare bill in more troubleBusiness InsiderWomen Everywhere Should Carry This Tiny DeviceSiren SongSponsoredFacebook shares hit record high as mobile ad sales soarReutersTrump forges ahead to tax reformYahoo Finance VideoWhy the world's biggest search engine has to pay for traffic to its siteYahoo FinanceWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsoredFix My Finances: I borrowed from my 401(k)Yahoo FinancePhil Mickelson trash-talked Jordan Spieth at the Open Championship — and Phil is going to have to eat his wordsBusiness InsiderUS parents are pulling their children out of Boy Scouts over Donald Trump's 'drunk stepdad' speechKashco: You just can't take him anywhere.Join the Conversation1 / 53.9k

























































                News
            



About Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc.
Mount Tam Biotechnologies was established to develop, optimize and bring to market novel pharmaceutical products to improve the health and well-being of patients suffering from a range of serious disease states where there is significant unmet need. Our most advanced compound is being developed to treat systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). 
Mount Tam has partnered with the world-renowned Buck Institute for Research on Aging through a worldwide exclusive licensing and collaboration agreement. The assets are highly target-specific polyketides--a class of compounds with a successful track record with the FDA drug approval process. The assets are supported by intellectual property consisting of over 45 worldwide issued patents and patent applications, including composition of matter, manufacturing and therapeutic area applications.
Mount Tam is advancing its lead asset, TAM-01, toward an Investigational New Drug (IND) application with the FDA and has already completed non-GLP pre-clinical development. The lead indication for TAM-01 is expected to be the treatment of SLE.  Mount Tam is also advancing follow-on compounds through the discovery process and is looking at a broad range of disease areas where novel mTOR inhibitors have been shown to have the potential to address unmet need.





Articles & Press Releases










06/30/2017: Mount Tam Biotechnologies Announces Continuing Oncology Focus
        







04/21/2017: Mount Tam Biotechnologies Announces that the European Patent Office Has Allowed a Key Patent for Lead Compound TAM-01
        







03/23/2017: Mount Tam Biotechnologies Announces that the Japan Patent Office Has Allowed a Key Patent for Lead Compound TAM-01
        







02/13/2017: Mount Tam Biotechnologies announces TAM-03 a novel compound with potential to treat a range of cancer types
        







02/09/2017: Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc., to present at Bio CEO & Investor Conference
        







01/09/2017: Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc., and Isomerase Therapeutics Announce Expansion of Their Collaboration to Discover and Develop Novel Rapalogs
        







09/15/2016: Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc. Announces Dr. Jim Stolzenbach to join our Scientific Advisory Board
        







09/06/2016: Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc., Announces Dr. Bryan F. Cox to join our Scientific Advisory Board
        







07/20/2016: Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc., Announces Amendment with The Buck Institute for Aging Executed Expanding Field of Use and Resolving Default
        







07/07/2016: Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc. Announces the Issuance of Key Patent Covering Lead Compound TAM-01
        







Company Contact





                Jim Stapleton
                Chief Financial Officer
                jim@mounttambiotech.com
                Phone: 425-214-4079










Copyright © 2017 / All rights reserved.Mount Tam Biomedical / Notices & Disclaimers


 











    MNTM Key Statistics - Mount TAM Biotechnologies Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Mount TAM Biotechnologies Inc.

                  OTC: MNTM
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Mount TAM Biotechnologies Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 26, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


MNTM

/quotes/zigman/60132030/delayed


$
0.16




Change

-0.05
-21.95%

Volume
Volume 38,100
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/60132030/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.21
		


$
				0.16
			
Change

-0.05
-21.95%





Day low
Day high
$0.14
$0.16










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.10
        

            $0.80
        

















			Company Description 


			Mount TAM Biotechnologies, Inc. operates as a biopharmaceutical company. It engages in the provision of developing, optimizing and bringing to market medical compounds to better the health and well-being of people who have been affected by autoimmune diseases. The company was founded by Chester P. A...
		


                Mount TAM Biotechnologies, Inc. operates as a biopharmaceutical company. It engages in the provision of developing, optimizing and bringing to market medical compounds to better the health and well-being of people who have been affected by autoimmune diseases. The company was founded by Chester P. Aldridge in November 2011 and is headquartered in Novato, CA.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-3.44


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-3.29


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-4.86


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.04

Efficiency

Income Per Employee
-726,857.00

Liquidity

Current Ratio
0.61


Quick Ratio
0.61


Cash Ratio
0.61



Profitability

Return on Assets
-1,132.16

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Assets
150.41





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Dr. Brian  Kennedy 
50
-
Chairman



Dr. Richard  Marshak 
58
-
Chief Executive Officer & Director



Mr. James P. Stapleton 
54
2016
Chief Financial Officer



Dr. Timothy  Powers 
52
-
Director & Chief Scientific Officer



Mr. Chester P. Aldridge 
44
2011
Director





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/mntm

      MarketWatch News on MNTM
    
No News currently available for MNTM





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/mntm

      Other News on MNTM
    




 10-K: MOUNT TAM BIOTECHNOLOGIES, INC.
3:09 p.m. March 31, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: MOUNT TAM BIOTECHNOLOGIES, INC.
4:55 p.m. Nov. 21, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)














At a Glance

Mount TAM Biotechnologies, Inc.
7250 Redwood Boulevard
Suite 300

Novato, California 94945




Phone
1 4252144079


Industry
Biotechnology


Sector
Health Care/Life Sciences


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
$-2.18M


Employees

        3.00


Annual Report for MNTM











/news/pressrelease/company/us/mntm

      Press Releases on MNTM
    




 Mount Tam Biotechnologies Announces Continuing Oncology Focus
9:00 a.m. June 30, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Mount Tam Biotechnologies Announces that the European Patent Office Has Allowed a Key Patent for Lead Compound TAM-01
6:00 a.m. April 21, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Mount Tam Biotechnologies Announces that the Japan Patent Office Has Allowed a Key Patent for Lead Compound TAM-01
9:00 a.m. March 23, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Mount TAM Biotechnologies, Inc. to Present at The MicroCap Conference on April 4th in New York City at the Essex House
3:29 p.m. March 16, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 FinancialBuzz.com: Developments in the Biotechnology Market
10:15 a.m. Feb. 14, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc., to present at Bio CEO & Investor Conference
1:16 p.m. Feb. 9, 2017
 - Marketwired




 FinancialBuzz.com: Advances in Technology Applied in the Biotech Sector
10:00 a.m. Jan. 30, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF











Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:33 PM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:46pScaramucci on Washington back stabbers: ‘I’m more of a front-stabbing person’
7:43pFacebook keeps warning about growth, but growth doesn’t stop
6:56pFacebook heads toward $500 billion market cap after earnings
6:46pFoxconn pledges to build $10 billion state-of-the-art electronics plant in Wisconsin
6:14pGraham says Trump is showing weakness in unilateral public spat with Sessions
6:10pFacebook hits 2 billion users, earnings beat boosts stock: Live blog recap
6:04pNew rules for FTSE Russell index provider to exclude Snap, others from benchmarks
5:55pThe Nintendo Switch’s sell-out launch, in many charts
5:51p10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague in meetings
5:51pCommunity Health Systems shares fall after profit warning
5:45pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
5:33pStock market ends at record on robust earnings as Fed issues policy update 
5:31pTrump puts his hands together for ‘the late, great Abraham Lincoln’
5:23p2-year Treasury yield falls the most in five weeks after Fed statement
5:20pFor transgender Americans, workplace discrimination isn’t limited to the military
5:09pYour 401(k) match may have some strings attached
5:07pThis is the worst mistake people make at work
5:06pWhy equal-weighted stock-market indexes bounce back faster from bear markets
5:05pNutrisystem shares rally on better-than-expected earnings
5:04pBuffalo Wild Wings drop 9% on 'high' chicken wing costs
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
































































Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc., Announces $5 Million In Debt Financing - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc., Announces $5 Million In Debt Financing






GlobeNewswire



Jun 14, 2016 4:31 PM EDT













 




























































 NOVATO, Calif., June 14, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc. ("Mount Tam") (OTCBB:MNTM) has entered into a financing arrangement with an existing investor and note holder, pursuant to which Mount Tam issued a secured promissory note pursuant to which the investor has the opportunity to provide up to a total of $5,000,000 in debt financing. The same investor had previously agreed to provide up to $1,000,000 pursuant to a prior note, as described in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2016. This new $5 Million note replaces the previous note. Richard Marshak, Chief Executive Officer of Mount Tam, said: "This is an exciting development for Mount Tam as it gives us another potential option to finance the advancement of our lead program towards an Investigational New Drug (IND) application filing." Jim Stapleton, Chief Financial Officer of Mount Tam, said: "The continued support by this existing shareholder provides the flexibility to move our lead program towards IND, through financing at terms and conditions which we believe are favorable to current and future shareholders. The note has an annual interest rate of 3%, and gives the investor the right to convert the debt to equity at a relatively modest discount to a future equity offering price, without any warrants." About Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc. Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc. was established to develop, optimize and bring to market leading medical compounds to better the health and well being of millions of people who have been affected by autoimmune diseases. The organization's most advanced product focuses on the treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE).  Mount Tam has partnered with the world-renowned Buck Institute for Research on Aging through a worldwide exclusive licensing and collaboration agreement. The assets, which are focused on autoimmune diseases, are highly target-specific polyketides--a class of compounds with an extremely successful track record with the FDA drug approval process. The assets are supported by intellectual property consisting of over 45 worldwide issued patents and patent applications, including composition of matter, manufacturing and therapeutic area applications.  



 








 































































 











Trending


Facebook Just Gave A Glimpse Into One of Its Big New Business Areas


Tesla Headlines This Lineup of 12 Amazing New Cars for 2018


Apple's iPhone 8 Is Coming, and It Could Be in Your Hands Very Soon


What Could President Trump Actually Do to Amazon and Jeff Bezos?


Records All Around for Wall Street After Fed Hints at Balance Sheet Unwind 'Soon'











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 





















Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc., And Isomerase Therapeutics Announce Expansion Of Their Collaboration To Discover And Develop Novel Rapalogs - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc., And Isomerase Therapeutics Announce Expansion Of Their Collaboration To Discover And Develop Novel Rapalogs






GlobeNewswire



Jan 9, 2017 9:25 AM EST













 




























































 NOVATO, Calif., Jan. 09, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc. ("Mount Tam") (OTC PINK:MNTM) is pleased to announce that Mount Tam and Cambridge, UK-based Isomerase Therapeutics Ltd ("Isomerase") have agreed to expand their research collaboration for the discovery and development of novel rapalogs in 2017.  As part of this research collaboration, Mount Tam will work to characterize and advance discovery programs for a range of novel and proprietary rapalogs that have been developed through Isomerase's proprietary approach to improving microbial natural products via their unique biosynthetic medicinal chemistry platform. The ultimate goal of this collaboration is to discover and develop differentiated mTOR modulators that can improve upon currently marketed rapalogs and further strengthen Mount Tam's current portfolio of proprietary compounds.  Richard Marshak, Mount Tam's CEO, said, "We are excited by the opportunity to work with these novel rapalogs given the great potential for mTOR modulators to address a wide range of serious unmet medical needs across a range of therapeutic areas where satisfactory treatments are lacking.  It is also rewarding to advance our collaboration with the team at Isomerase, one of the world's leaders in advancing microbial natural products." About Mount Tam Biotechnologies, Inc.  Mount Tam Biotechnologies was established to develop, optimize and bring to market novel pharmaceutical products to improve the health and well-being of patients suffering from a range of serious disease states where there is significant unmet need. Our most advanced compound is being developed to treat systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE).  Mount Tam has partnered with the world-renowned Buck Institute for Research on Aging through a worldwide exclusive licensing and collaboration agreement. The assets are highly target-specific polyketides--a class of compounds with a successful track record with the FDA drug approval process. The assets are supported by intellectual property consisting of over 45 worldwide issued patents and patent applications, including composition of matter, manufacturing and therapeutic area applications.  



 








 































































 











Trending


Facebook Just Gave A Glimpse Into One of Its Big New Business Areas


Tesla Headlines This Lineup of 12 Amazing New Cars for 2018


Apple's iPhone 8 Is Coming, and It Could Be in Your Hands Very Soon


What Could President Trump Actually Do to Amazon and Jeff Bezos?


Records All Around for Wall Street After Fed Hints at Balance Sheet Unwind 'Soon'











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 



















































































Mount Tam Biotechnologies was established in 2014 to develop, optimize and bring to market novel pharmaceutical products to improve the health and well-being of patients suffering from a range of serious disease states where there is significant unmet need. Our most advanced compound is being developed to treat systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE).
            














Copyright © 2017 / All rights reserved.Mount Tam Biomedical / Notices & Disclaimers


 




















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


