




MoveWith: Yoga, Running, Boot Camp, and Fitness Classes from the Best Teachers






















































Audio Workouts

HIIT


Yoga


Meditation


Strength


Treadmill


Running


Mobility


Cycling


Pilates + Barre


Rowing



SERIES
COLLECTIONS


Local Events



All Instructors

HIIT


Yoga


Meditation


Strength


Treadmill


Running


Mobility


Cycling


Pilates + Barre


Rowing
















MoveWith Terms of Service
Last Updated: June 8th, 2017
Introduction
MoveWith, Inc. ("MoveWith," "we" or "us") provides an online and mobile service, including, but not limited to the MoveWith website, www.MoveWith.com (the "Site"), computer mobile applications ("App" or "Apps") and programs hosted by or on behalf of MoveWith and related content or services (collectively with the Site and the Apps, the "Service"). Additionally, digital product content (the "Product" or "Products") delivered via the Site and/or our Apps is included in the designation of "Service" herein.  THESE TERMS OF SERVICE (THE "TERMS") ARE A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND MOVEWITH, INC. AND GOVERN YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE and/or Product(s). The terms "you" and "user" shall refer to all individuals and entities that access the Service. If you are using the Service for iOS, the additional terms set forth below in the Paragraph titled, "iOS Terms" apply to your use of that app. If you do not wish to be bound by those additional terms, do not use the Service for iOS.
These Terms include a release by you of, and limitations on, claims for certain damages against us that may arise out of your use of the Service. By using the Service, you are agreeing to the release and limitations.
By accepting these Terms, you are agreeing to the arbitration agreement (unless you follow the opt-out procedure) and class action waiver described below in these Terms to resolve any disputes with MoveWith.  
By your affirmative actions of registering for and/or using the Service, you are agreeing to these Terms.
The Service
The Service is a platform where users who seek to participate in any fitness training or other class ("Participants") can select a class or activity ("Activity") whether in Product(s) form or otherwise or where a company or entity ("Customer," which collectively with Participants are "Clients") can select to host Activities taught or lead by an individual ("Instructors"). Clients, Participants, Instructors and visitors to this Site are collectively referred to as "users" in these Terms. Clients can locate Instructors, schedule appointments, communicate with Instructors, and pay Instructors using the Service. Instructors can post Activities, schedule appointments, communicate with Clients, and receive payment using the Service.  In the alternative, Clients may elect to purchase fitness training or other classes as determined by MoveWith in a Product(s) format.  The fitness products offered through the Site are subject to subscription plans as outlined below and may be modified from time-to-time at MoveWith's sole discretion.
The Service and/or Product(s) may only be used to obtain or offer personal training, fitness services and other wellness classes; no other services may be obtained or offered. Instructors are not employees of MoveWith and MoveWith is not selecting or hiring any Instructor for any Client. MoveWith may, but is not obligated to, conduct reviews, verifications, and background checks of Clients and Instructors. NONETHELESS, MOVEWITH DOES NOT HAVE CONTROL OVER THE QUALITY, TIMING, OR LEGALITY OF THE SERVICE AND/OR PRODUCT(S) ACTUALLY DELIVERED BY INSTRUCTORS, NOR OF THE INTEGRITY, RESPONSIBILITY OR ACTIONS OF CLIENTS OR INSTRUCTORS AND WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES ABOUT THEM. MoveWith may, but it is not obligated to, limit or terminate services offered by Instructors through the Service and/or Product(s) that MoveWith determines, in its sole discretion, do not abide by these Terms or do not offer a quality or valuable service to Clients.
Eligibility
The Service and/or Product(s) are offered and available to users who are 18 years of age or older. By using the Service and/or Product(s), you agree that you are of legal age to form a binding contract with MoveWith, or that if you are registering on behalf of an entity, that you are authorized to enter into, and bind the entity to, these Terms and register for the Service and/or Product(s). The Service and/or Product(s) are not available to individuals under the age of 18 ("Minor") unless a parent and/or legal guardian has consented on behalf of said Minor. A consenting parent and/or legal guardian also warrants and represents that they assume all risk(s) and liabilities on behalf of the Minor's engagement in the Activities delivered through the Services.  In instances where a Minor engages in one of our digital classes, the parent and/or legal guardian agrees to supervise the Minor in said Product Activity.  Moreover, each consenting parent and/or legal guardian acknowledges that they have read and specifically agree to the provisions under the heading below titled "Assumption of Risk, Waiver and Release" as it pertains to the health, safety, and well-being of the Minor.  MoveWith may, in its discretion, refuse to offer the Service and/or Product(s) to any person and change its eligibility criteria at any time. Your right to access the Service and/or Product(s) is revoked where these Terms or use of the Service and/or Product(s) is prohibited and, in such circumstances, you agree not to use or access the Service and/or Product(s) in any way.
Communication
When you visit the Site or send emails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by email or by posting notices on the Site or through the Service. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that those communications be in writing.
Necessary Equipment
Use of the Service and/or Product(s)may require a compatible mobile device and Internet access. Your ability to use the Service and/or Product(s) may be affected by performance of these items. You acknowledge and agree that all such system requirements, which may be changed from time to time, are your responsibility, and your mobile carrier's standard charges, data rates and other fees may apply. Further, you agree to always use the most recent version of the Service made available by MoveWith.
Interaction with Users
The Service also functions as a venue to connect users in a virtual information place. As a neutral facilitator, MoveWith is not directly involved in the actual transactions between users of the Site or the Service. As a result, MoveWith has no control over the truth, accuracy, quality, legality, or safety of postings made by users of the Site or the Service. MoveWith shall have no responsibility to confirm the identity of users. MoveWith shall also have no responsibility to confirm or verify the qualifications, background, or abilities of users of the Site or the Service. You shall at all times exercise common sense and good judgment when dealing with any user of the Site or the Service.
Privacy
Please read our Privacy Policy for more information about MoveWith's privacy practices at https://www.movewith.com/privacy.
License to Use the Service; Ownership
Subject to your compliance with these Terms, MoveWith grants to you a limited license to access and use the Service and/or Product(s) during the term of these Terms solely for your own personal, non-commercial purposes. This license is personal to you and may not be assigned or sublicensed to anyone else.
You will not reproduce, copy, transfer, give access to, distribute, sell, rent, lease, assign, sublicense, create derivative works from, decompile, reverse engineer, or disassemble the Service and/or Product(s) or any part of the Service and/or Product(s) in any manner whatsoever.
You acknowledge and agree that nothing in these Terms conveys to you any ownership, intellectual property rights or other proprietary interest in or relating to the Service and/or Product(s) or any other MoveWith Products or services, or any modifications or derivative works of any of the foregoing. The Service and/or Product(s) is/are licensed, not sold, to you and is owned by MoveWith and its licensors. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, MoveWith reserves all right, title and interest, including all intellectual property and other rights, in and to the Service and all other MoveWith products and services. You agree not to obscure or alter or remove any patent, copyright, trademark or other proprietary notice or legend contained on or in the Service and/or Product(s).
We welcome your comments, feedback, suggestions, and other communications regarding the Site, Service, and/or Product(s) (collectively, "Feedback"). While you are not obligated to provide Feedback, in the event that you provide Feedback, you grant to MoveWith a worldwide, non-exclusive, transferrable, assignable, sub-licensable, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free license to copy, distribute, create derivative works of, publicly display and perform and otherwise exploit the Feedback and to use, make, have made, sell, offer for sale, import and export products and services based on such Feedback. For this reason, we ask that you not send MoveWith any Feedback that you do not wish to license to us as set forth above.
Accounts
You may browse the Site without registering, but as a condition to using certain aspects of the Service, you are required to register with MoveWith and agree that you will provide MoveWith with accurate and complete registration information (including an email address and a password you will use to access the Service) and keep your registration information accurate and up-to-date. Failure to do so is a breach of these Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your MoveWith account.  You agree to refrain from using a username that is the name of another person other than you or selecting a username that is not lawfully available to use, or violates any trademark or copyright.  Usernames that are vulgar, obscene, or offensive will violate the terms of this Agreement and result in Account termination.
You agree to complete a User profile ("Profile") which you expressly consent to be shown and displayed to other Users and the public at large unless you change your privacy settings.  You represent and warrant that the information you provide to us and other Users of the Services are true, accurate, complete, and will be updated regularly.  Any false or misleading Profile information is subject to removal and Account cancellation at the sole discretion of MoveWith.
You acknowledge that MoveWith has no obligation to monitor your or any other user's access or use of the Site or the Service or edit any User Content (as defined below). MoveWith reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice, to refuse registration of, remove or disable an account (temporarily or permanently) in MoveWith's sole discretion. You are solely responsible and liable for activity that occurs on your account and shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password. You agree to immediately notify MoveWith in writing of any unauthorized use of your account, or other account related security breach of which you are aware.
Unless required by law, you agree and acknowledge that your MoveWith Account is non-transferable and any rights to your MoveWith Account or Content therein terminate upon your death.  In the event of your death, a valid copy of a death certificate may permit the proper party to terminate your Account and related Content on your behalf.  Contact MoveWith Support at support@MoveWith.com for additional assistance.
Service Reservations and Charges
When a Client schedules an Activity (i.e., books a ticket for an in-person class) with an Instructor through the Service, the Client must provide requested credit card payment information. When a Client books a ticket for an Instructor’s class through the Service, the Client must provide requested credit card payment information. Payment for the Activity will be processed upon purchasing a ticket. In most cases, a Client may cancel an Activity up to 24 hours prior to the scheduled Activity without charge or penalty.  The cancellation window for certain classes - including workshops, special events, retreats and teacher trainings - may be more than 24 hours as determined by the instructor hosting the class. Class-specific refund and cancellation policies can be found on the class detail page. Cancellations within 24 hours of the scheduled Activity (or the cancellation window as specified by the instructor), will result in a charge equal to the full amount due for the Activity, and no refunds will be provided (unless made in accordance with the Refunds; Credits; Taxes section below).
MoveWith will not process reservation charges that use an incorrect, expired, or over-the-limit credit card. Should this occur, we may make efforts to contact you. If you fail to pay any fees or charges when due, MoveWith may suspend, terminate or otherwise modify your services or privileges. You are responsible and liable for any fees, including attorneys' fees and collection costs, that MoveWith may incur in its efforts to collect any unpaid balances from you.
MoveWith uses Stripe Payments, Inc. ("Stripe") as its third party electronic payment processing provider for payment services (e.g. card acceptance, merchant settlement, and related services) ("Payment Services") for payments related to the Service. By making use of some or all of these Payment Services on the Service, you agree to be bound by Stripe's terms and conditions (available at https://stripe.com/us/terms/) as well as its privacy policy (available at https://stripe.com/us/privacy/) and hereby consent and authorize us to delegate the authorizations and share the information you provide to us with our third party electronic payment processing provider(s) to the extent required to provide the Payment Services to you. Stripe may also be contacted directly for payments support at https://support.stripe.com/email.
Service Refunds; Credits; Taxes
At MoveWith's sole discretion, refunds or credits may be granted as a result of specific refund guarantee promotions, or to correct any errors made by MoveWith. All fees are exclusive of all taxes, levies, or duties imposed by taxing authorities, and the Client shall be responsible for payment of all taxes, levies, or duties associated with his or her purchases hereunder, excluding United States (federal or state) taxes.
Product Subscription(s)
In order to provide maximum benefit to our users, MoveWith offers a product subscription membership (a "Member") whereby you may obtain access to our Services in a digital product format as determined by MoveWith.  For example, MoveWith offers digital classes in an audio streamed format, audio podcast, etc.
MoveWith Members may access our product(s) as follows:

(i.) Basic (free) Subscription: free-of-charge access to a select number of audio classes. MoveWith reserves the right to change the number and types of classes made available for free
(ii.) Trial Period: Under certain circumstances MoveWith may offer members a free-of-charge program that gives unlimited access for a select number of days of our available Service Product(s), as determined at the sole discretion of MoveWith.
(iii.) Paid Subscription Plan:  Members select one of our available subscription plans for a pre-determined term and fee(s).

Product Subscription Plans, Payments, Cancellation, and Refunds
MoveWith provides a variety of subscription plans to Members who desire to use our Services in our digital product format.  Currently, MoveWith offers monthly and annual subscription plans where a Member can access our digital product formatted Services and use throughout each paid month.  A Member Subscription Plan(s) starts on the day you sign up for a Subscription and submit payment ("Subscription Date").  All Member subscription plan payments are subject to the payment requirements and authorizations described in the "Service Reservations and Charges" section above.
MoveWith bills all subsequent monthly or annual Member Subscription fees on the Subscription Date of your Membership, and each Subscription Plan shall auto-renew until your membership is cancelled and/or terminated per these Terms of Service.  In turn, you expressly authorize MoveWith to charge your approved Payment Method for all services and product(s) purchased via the Site.  MoveWith makes every effort to apprise you of any Subscription Plan pricing changes, and your renewal Member Subscription fees shall remain the same unless we notify you in advance of any changes.  You understand and acknowledge that MoveWith reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify the Member Subscription Plan fees from time-to-time and will use its best efforts to post reasonable advanced notice on the Site.
In the event our subscription plan(s) is/are purchased through Apple iTunes Store, all sales are final, and MoveWith will not be able to provide you with a refund.  In this case, your purchase is subject to Apple's applicable payment policies which may or not provide for refunds.
Member Subscription Plan(s) may be cancelled by visiting your Account Settings and selecting "Cancel" or by contacting us directly at support@movewith.com  Cancelling a Member Subscription Plan(s) shall be deemed effective at the end of your billing cycle and you will have Member Subscription Site access until the remainder of the billing cycle.  For example, if you cancel your monthly Member Subscription Plan on January 3rd then you will still have Member Subscription Site access until March 2nd and will not be billed for the month of March.  However, on March 3rd your account will no longer have Member Subscription Site access and will revert to a MoveWith basic plan.  No refunds or credits will be provided for monthly MoveWith Membership Subscription Plan(s).
Refunds are available for annual subscription purchases made only through movewith.com within 30 days of purchase.  Refunds are available only to first time customers, as determined by MoveWith, and do not apply to renewals of your subscription.
Modification
MoveWith reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify the Site or the Service or to modify these Terms, including the fees associated with Activities and/or the Service and/or Product(s), at any time and without prior notice. Any such change to fees shall not apply to any Activities that have already been reserved by a user at the time of such change. A link to the most current Terms will be available on the MoveWith home page and we will indicate the date of the "Latest Updated" at the top of the Terms. If we materially modify these Terms, we will post a notice on the Service and, if you've provided MoveWith with your email by creating an account through the Service, we will also notify you by email.
Your continued use of the Service and/or Product(s) following the posting of such changes constitutes your acceptance of the modified Terms. If the modified Terms are not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to cease using the Service.
Instructors
By leading Activities using MoveWith you also agree to be bound by Stripe's Seller Agreement available at: https://stripe.com/us/terms/. In addition, you may, at MoveWith's sole option, be required to sign an instructor agreement with MoveWith. As between MoveWith and any Instructor, Instructors are responsible for paying any taxes required by law.
Work Relationship Classification
As stated in these Terms and Use and Conditions, MoveWith provides a platform whereby Instructors and Clients can engage in Activities through the Services and/or Product(s).  As a result, MoveWith disclaims any liability for the relationship between Instructors and Clients.  Additionally, MoveWith does not determine or recommend the employment classification between the Parties.
MoveWith's Relationship to the Parties
MoveWith's community platform is merely a conduit where well-informed, independent, and discerning individuals may engage in Activities through the Services and/or Product(s) offered through the Site.  In that, MoveWith is not a party to the Activities between Instructors and Clients.  Rather, Clients are free to use our online platform to inquire, shop for, and make independent decisions in selecting an Instructor and/or related Activity.  Although MoveWith may feature a given Instructor profile through the Site, each Client is free to evaluate, research, and choose the Activity and/or Product(s) that best suits their individual needs.  
Assumption of Risk, Waiver and Release
By signing up for, attending and/or participating in Activities and using the premises, facilities and equipment associated with any Activities (individually and/or collectively, the "Facilities"), you acknowledge on behalf of yourself, your heirs, personal representatives and/or assigns, that there are certain inherent risks and dangers in exercising and performing the activities related to the Activities and the Service.
You are aware that participating in the Activities requires strenuous physical activity, which could include but is not limited to stretching, running, weight training and lifting heavy objects (including lifting heavy objects above one's head), anaerobic exercise, aerobic exercise as well as many other activities that you may be asked to perform while working out with MoveWith Instructors. You are also aware that there are risks associated with such physical activity and your participation in the Activities, which include but are not limited to, property damage, illness and bodily injury, including: minor injuries such as scratches, bruises, and sprains; major injuries such as broken bones, eye injury or loss of sight, joint or back injuries, heart attacks, and concussions; and catastrophic injuries including paralysis and death. You acknowledge that some of these risks cannot be eliminated. With knowledge of the possible risks, you specifically assume the risk of injury or harm.
You agree and acknowledge that you do not suffer from any medical condition or disease that may in any way hinder or prevent you from fully participating in physical activity and that you have had the opportunity to consult with your primary care physician prior to participating in any Activity. You are responsible for judging your own qualifications and for your own safety during the Activities and while using any equipment, materials or supplies. You acknowledge that if you have any chronic disabilities or conditions, you are at risk in participating in Activities, and should not be participating in any Activities. You represent that you are qualified to use the equipment provided, and agree to at all times, comply with all rules and verbal instructions given to you by Instructors.
IN CONSIDERATION OF BEING ALLOWED TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTIVITIES AND ACCESS THE FACILITIES, YOU: (1) ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR, AND ASSUME THE RISK OF, ANY AND ALL INJURIES OR DAMAGE WHICH ARE SUSTAINED OR AGGRAVATED BY YOU RELATED TO THE ACTIVITIES AND FACILITIES; AND (2) TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, RELEASE, INDEMNIFY, AND HOLD HARMLESS MOVEWITH, ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATED ENTITIES, AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES, CONSULTANTS, CONTRACT EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES AND AGENTS, AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS (COLLECTIVELY "RELEASEES"), FROM ANY AND ALL RESPONSIBILITY, CLAIMS, ACTIONS, SUITS, PROCEDURES, COSTS, EXPENSES, DAMAGES AND LIABILITIES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE ACTIVITIES AND ACCESSING OR USING THE FACILITIES OR WITH RESPECT TO BODILY INJURY, PHYSICAL HARM, ILLNESS, DEATH OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, WHETHER CAUSED BY THE NEGLIGENCE OF RELEASEES OR OTHERWISE.
Section 1542 of the California Civil Code provides that:
"A general release does not extend to claims which the party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing this release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his settlement with the other party."
YOU HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS UNDER CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 (or any statute of like effect in the jurisdiction in which I am located). This waiver extends to and includes any and all claims, liabilities, injuries, damages, and causes of action that the parties do not presently anticipate, know, or suspect to exist, but that may develop, accrue, or be discovered in the future.
Links/Third Party Websites
As part of our services and its resident features and functions, you may encounter materials from third parties and/or hyperlinks to other Content, resources, or web sites.  Because we have no control over third parties and their related materials, you acknowledge and agree that MoveWith shall not be responsible or liable for any alleged damages you may have incurred either directly or indirectly.
When you access a non-MoveWith website, even one that may contain the MoveWith logo, please understand that it is independent from MoveWith, and that MoveWith has no control over the content on that website. In addition, a link to a non-MoveWith website does not mean that MoveWith endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such website. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of viruses, worms, trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature.
Intellectual Property Rights
MOVEWITH and the MOVEWITH Logo are service marks, trademarks, and/or trade dress of MoveWith or otherwise proprietary to MoveWith and may not be used by you for any reason other than as expressly permitted by these terms. All Site content, design, text, graphics, and interfaces; the collection, selection, and arrangement thereof; and all software are the property of, or duly licensed to, MoveWith. You have the right to view, electronically copy, and print in hard copy portions of this Site for the sole purpose of making Activity reservations or other personal use. You acknowledge that MoveWith and/or third-party content providers remain the owners of all Site and Service material and that you do not acquire any of those ownership rights by downloading, copying or using any such material in accordance with these Terms.
Acceptable Use Policy
Content
All Content, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such Content. MoveWith cannot guarantee the authenticity of any Content or data which users may provide about themselves. You acknowledge that all Content accessed by you using the Service is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible and liable for any damage or loss to you or any other party resulting therefrom. For purposes of these Terms, the term "Content" includes, without limitation, any location information, videos, audio clips, comments, information, data, text, photographs, software, scripts, graphics, and interactive features generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible by MoveWith on or through the Service.
Content Backup
Although MoveWith makes reasonable efforts to provide proper care and skill in delivering its services and/or Product(s), MoveWith does not guarantee, warrant, or covenant that any Content you access and/or store via the services will not be accidentally lost, corrupted, or damaged.  Given this reality, you agree and acknowledge that it is your sole responsibility to back up any important Content on your device(s) and/or computer(s).
MoveWith Content
The Service contains Content specifically provided by MoveWith or its partners and such Content is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights and laws, as applicable. You shall abide by and maintain all copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Service.
Subject to these Terms, MoveWith grants each user a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license to use the Content, solely for personal, non-commercial use in connection with the Service. Any other use, reproduction, modification, distribution or storage of any Content is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from MoveWith, or from the copyright holder identified in such Content's copyright notice, as applicable.
User Submissions
Content added, created, uploaded, submitted, distributed, posted or otherwise obtained through the Service by users, including Content that is added to the Service in connection with users linking their accounts to third party websites and services, is collectively referred to as, "User Submissions."
By submitting User Submissions on the Site or otherwise through the Service, you grant MoveWith a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid, sublicensable and transferable license to use, copy, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, perform, and otherwise fully exploit the User Submissions in connection with the Site, the Service and MoveWith's (and its successors and assigns') business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Site (and derivative works thereof) or the Service in any media formats and through any media channels (including, without limitation, third party websites and feeds). For clarity, the foregoing license grant to MoveWith does not affect your other ownership or license rights in your User Submission(s), including the right to grant additional licenses to the material in your User Submission(s), unless otherwise agreed in writing with MoveWith.
You acknowledge and agree that you have all rights to grant such license to us without infringement or violation of any third party rights, including without limitation, any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights.
Conduct, Content and Use Restrictions
As a condition of use, you agree not to use the Service for any purpose that is prohibited by these Terms. You are responsible for all of your activity in connection with the Service. Additionally, you shall abide by all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations and, if you represent a business, any advertising, marketing, privacy, or other self-regulatory code(s) applicable to your industry.
You are solely responsible for the Content that you post, upload, transmit, publish or display on or through the Service (hereinafter, "post"), or transmit to other users. You will not provide inaccurate, misleading or false information to MoveWith or to any other user. If information provided to MoveWith or another user subsequently becomes inaccurate, misleading or false, you will promptly notify us of such change. You will not post on the Service, or transmit to other users, any defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, obscene, profane, offensive, sexually oriented, threatening, harassing, racially offensive, or illegal material, or any material that infringes or violates another party's rights (including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights, and rights of privacy and publicity). Without limiting the previous sentence, you may not post any Content or use the Service in any way that:

is patently offensive, such as Content that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
intimidates, threatens, or otherwise harasses other users of the Service, or advocates harassment of another person;
is false, misleading or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous;
impersonates any person or entity, including any employee or representative of MoveWith;
includes anyone's identification documents or sensitive financial information;
breaches the Privacy Policy and/or any of the other policies you acknowledge herein;
imposes or may impose (as determined by MoveWith in its sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on MoveWith's (or its third party providers') infrastructure;
interferes or attempts to interfere with the proper working of the Service or any activities conducted on the Service;
bypasses any measures MoveWith may use to prevent or restrict access to the Service (or other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Service);
attempts to collect personal information about any other user of the Service or any third party without such user or third party's informed consent;
involves commercial activities (whether or not for profit) and/or sales without MoveWith's prior written consent, such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes;
provides instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses;
contains or transmits viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files or code;
involves the transmission of "junk mail", "chain letters," or unsolicited mass mailing or "spamming";
use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, "data mine", or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Service or its contents;
infringes any third party's intellectual property rights or privacy rights;
otherwise takes any action in violation of these Terms or MoveWith's guidelines and policies.

MoveWith has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor all conduct on and Content submitted to the Service.
Photos and Use of Likeness
MoveWith and its business partners and vendors sometimes take photos and videos at MoveWith Activities, and later use them for promotional purposes. By participating or attending any Activity, you agree that you may appear in some of these photos and videos. You authorize MoveWith and its licensees to use your name, voice and photographic likeness in connection with Site and the Service as well as with the exhibition, reproduction, distribution, publication, public performance, public display, broadcast, and promotion of MoveWith, without further approval on your part. If you decide to take any photos or videos of attendees at an Activity and provide them to MoveWith, you authorize and grant a perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty free license MoveWith to use them in the same manner, and represent that the people that appear in you photos and videos also consented to such use.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
General
MoveWith respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. Each user is responsible for ensuring that the Content they upload to MoveWith does not infringe any third party copyright.
MoveWith will promptly remove materials in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") if properly notified that the materials infringe a third party's copyright. In addition, MoveWith may, in appropriate circumstances, terminate the accounts of repeat copyright infringers.
DMCA Takedown Notice
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide us with a written notice containing the following information:

Your name, address, telephone number, and email address (if any).
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed.
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on MoveWith, sufficient for MoveWith to locate the material.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted work is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement by you that the information in your notice is accurate and, UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY, you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest.

You may submit this information via:

Email: support@movewith.com
Offline: MoveWith, Inc.'s Copyright Agent (see below)

DMCA Counter-notification
If you believe that your material has been removed by mistake or misidentification, please provide MoveWith with a written counter-notification containing the following information:

Your name, address, and telephone number.
          A description of the material that was removed and the location where it previously appeared.
A statement UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification.
A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, any judicial district in which MoveWith, Inc. may be found (which includes the Suffolk County Superior Court), and that you will accept service of process from the person who filed the original DMCA notice or an agent of that person.
Your electronic or physical signature.

You may submit this information via:

Email: support@movewith.com
Offline: MoveWith, Inc.'s Copyright Agent (see below)

Please note that we will provide complete counter-notifications to the person making the DMCA claim. That person may elect to file a lawsuit against you for copyright infringement. If we do not receive notice that a lawsuit has been filed within ten (10) business days after we provide notice of your counter-notification, we will restore the disabled materials. Until that time, your materials will remain disabled.
Warning: In filing a DMCA notice or counter-notification, please make sure that you have complied with all of the above requirements. If we request additional information necessary to make DMCA your notice or counter-notification complete, please provide that information promptly. If you fail to comply with all of the requirements, your notification or counter-notification may not be processed.
In addition, please make sure that all of the information you provide is accurate. UNDER SECTION 512(f) OF THE COPYRIGHT ACT, 17 U.S.C. § 512(f), ANY PERSON WHO KNOWINGLY MATERIALLY MISREPRESENTS THAT MATERIAL OR ACTIVITY IS INFRINGING OR WAS REMOVED OR DISABLED BY MISTAKE OR MISIDENTIFICATION MAY BE SUBJECT TO LIABILITY.
If you have questions about the legal requirements of a DMCA notice, please contact an attorney or see Section 512(c)(3) of the U.S. Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3), for more information. If you have questions about the legal requirements of a DMCA counter-notification, please contact an attorney or see Section 512(g)(3) of the U.S. Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 512(g)(3), for more information.
MoveWith Inc.'s Copyright Agent
You may send a DMCA notice, a DMCA counter-notification, or any inquiries concerning intellectual property to MoveWith, Inc.'s Copyright Agent:

          MoveWith, Inc., 
          590 Howard Street
          San Francisco, CA 94105
          Department – Copyright Agent 
          Email: support@movewith.com

No Medical or Health Advice
The Site and the Service are not intended to and do not provide health advice, medical advice, professional diagnosis, opinion, treatment or services to you or to any other individual. The information provided in, and the Activities and services provided through this site, or through linkages to other sites, are not intended to be medical or professional care, and you should not use the Site or the Service in place of a visit, call consultation or the advice of your physician or other healthcare provider. MoveWith is not liable or responsible for any advice, course of treatment, diagnosis or any other information, services or product you obtain through the Site or the Service.
IF YOU BELIEVE YOU HAVE A MEDICAL EMERGENCY, YOU SHOULD IMMEDIATELY CALL 911 OR YOUR PHYSICIAN. Never disregard medical or professional advice, or delay seeking it, because of something you read on the Site or a linked website or learn through your use of the Service. Never rely on information on the Site or that you learn through the Service in place of seeking professional medical advice. You should also ask your physician or other healthcare provider to assist you in interpreting any information in this Site or in the linked websites, or in applying the information to your individual case.
No Warranties
THE SERVICE, AND THE CONTENT, MATERIAL, AND INFORMATION CONTAINED AND/OR ADVERTISED THEREIN, ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE SERVICE, INCLUDING ALL CONTENT OR DATA DISTRIBUTED BY, DOWNLOADED OR ACCESSED FROM OR THROUGH THE SERVICE, IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE SERVICE, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT RELATED TO THE INFORMATION, MATERIALS, CONTENT ON OR GOODS PURCHASED THROUGH THE SERVICE. WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT MATERIALS IN THE SERVICE ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT, OR ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED. WE DO NOT PROMISE THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE WILL PROVIDE SPECIFIC RESULTS. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS ON WARRANTIES, SO THE LIMITATIONS ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO CERTAIN USERS. IN ANY SUCH JURISDICTION, THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS SHALL INSTEAD BE IMPUTED AS REWRITTEN SO AS TO APPROXIMATE THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY THE LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION.
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS OR OMISSIONS RELATING TO THE CONTENT OR MATERIAL. WHILE WE ATTEMPT TO ENSURE YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF THE SERVICE IS SAFE, WE CANNOT AND DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE OR ITS SERVER(S) ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. ALL USERS ACCESSING THE SERVICE FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR COMPLIANCE WITH LOCAL LAWS, IF APPLICABLE.
Limitation of Liability
MOVEWITH IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE, OR YOUR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE. IN NO EVENT WILL MOVEWITH, OR ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS, AND/OR ASSIGNS (COLLECTIVELY THE "MOVEWITH PARTIES"), BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA EVEN IF WE ARE EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, YOU AGREE THAT THE MOVEWITH PARTIES' AGGREGATE LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO TWO HUNDRED DOLLARS.
In some jurisdictions, it is not permitted to limit certain types of liability and therefore such limitations to the extent they exclude such liability may not apply to you. IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS, MOVEWITH'S LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
Indemnification
As a requirement to use our services, you expressly agree to defend, indemnify, and hold MoveWith and its subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, and licensors, harmless from any claim or demand thereof, including reasonable attorney's fees, made by a third party, relating to or arising from: (a) any violation by you of this Agreement; (b) any Content in its entirety that you upload, transmit, or make available through the services; (c) your use of the services; (d) any violation that MoveWith determines through its reasonable investigations of a suspected violation(s) of this Agreement; or (e) your violation of another's rights.  This express waiver and indemnity provision applies to all violations described in or contemplated by this Agreement.  This obligation shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement and/or your use of the services.
Termination
MoveWith may terminate these Terms at any time without notice, discontinue or remove the Site or any portions thereof or suspend or terminate your access and use of the Site and/or the Service at any time, with or without cause, in MoveWith's sole discretion. In the event of termination, the intellectual property, disclaimers, releases, arbitration agreement, class action waiver, limitations of liability provisions and any other provisions which by their nature are intended to survive set forth in these Terms will survive.
Dispute Resolution, Arbitration and Class Action Waiver
Introduction
This section includes an arbitration agreement and an agreement that all claims will be brought only in an individual capacity (and not as a class action or other representative proceeding). Please read it carefully. You may opt out of the arbitration agreement by following the opt out procedure described below.
Informal Process First
You agree that in the event of any dispute between you and MoveWith, you will first contact MoveWith and make a good faith sustained effort to resolve the dispute before resorting to more formal means of resolution, including without limitation any court action.
Arbitration Agreement
After the informal dispute resolution process any remaining dispute, controversy, or claim (collectively, "Claim") relating in any way to your use of MoveWith's services and/or products, including the Service, or relating in any way to the communications between you and MoveWith or any other user of the Service, will be finally resolved by binding arbitration. This mandatory arbitration agreement applies equally to you and MoveWith. However, this arbitration agreement does not (a) govern any Claim by MoveWith for infringement of its intellectual property or access to the Service that is unauthorized or exceeds authorization granted in these Terms or (b) bar you from making use of applicable small claims court procedures in appropriate cases. If you are an individual you may opt out of this arbitration agreement within thirty (30) days of the first of the date you access or use this Service by following the procedure described below.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. There is no judge or jury in arbitration. Instead, the dispute is resolve by a neutral arbitrator. Court review of an arbitration award is limited. Except to the extent the parties agree otherwise, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. You agree that the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision, and that you and MoveWith are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. This arbitration provision will survive any termination of these Terms.
If you wish to begin an arbitration proceeding, after following the informal dispute resolution procedure, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to MoveWith, Inc., MoveWith, Inc., 590 Howard Street, San Francisco, CA 94105. The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules including, if you are an individual, the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes. If you are not an individual or have used the Service on behalf of an entity, the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes will not be used. The AAA's rules are available at http://www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.
The number of arbitrators will be one. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location. The arbitration will be conducted in the English language. Massachusetts law will apply. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules. If you are an individual and have not accessed or used the Service on behalf of an entity, we will reimburse those fees for claims totaling less than $10,000, unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous, and we will not seek attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.
The arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court, will have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, unconscionability, arbitrability, enforceability, or formation of this arbitration agreement, including any claim that all or any part of this arbitration agreement is void or voidable. However, the preceding sentence will not apply to the "Class Action Waiver" section below.
If you do not want to arbitrate disputes with MoveWith and you are an individual, you may opt out of this arbitration agreement by sending an email to legal@movewith.com within thirty (30) days of the first of the date you access or use the Service.
Class Action Waiver
Any Claim must be brought in the respective party's individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class, collective, representative, multiple plaintiff, or similar proceeding ("Class Action"). The parties expressly waive any ability to maintain any Class Action in any forum. If the Claim is subject to arbitration, the arbitrator will not have authority to combine or aggregate similar claims or conduct any Class Action nor make an award to any person or entity not a party to the arbitration. Any claim that all or part of this Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, unconscionable, void, or voidable may be determined only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. The parties understand that any right to litigate in court, to have a judge or jury decide their case, or to be a party to a class or representative action, is waived, and that any claims must be decided individually, through arbitration.
If this class action waiver is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of the Arbitration Agreement, if otherwise effective, will be null and void. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, you and MoveWith each waive any right to a jury trial.
Additional Terms for the Service for iOS
The following terms and conditions apply to you only if you are using App from the Apple App Store. To the extent the other terms and conditions of these Terms are less restrictive than, or otherwise conflict with, the terms and conditions of this paragraph, the more restrictive or conflicting terms and conditions in this paragraph apply, but solely with respect to App from the Apple App Store. You acknowledge and agree that these Terms are solely between you and MoveWith, not Apple, and that Apple has no responsibility for the App or content thereof. Your use of the App must comply with the App Store Terms. You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App. In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price, if any, for the App to you; to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be solely governed by these Terms. You and MoveWith acknowledge that Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims of you or any third party relating to the App or your possession and/or use of the App, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. You and MoveWith acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that the App or your possession and use of that App infringes that third party's intellectual property rights, MoveWith, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by these Terms. You must comply with applicable third party terms of agreement when using the App. You and MoveWith acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple's subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of these Terms as they relate to your license of the App, and that, upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.
Miscellaneous
If any of the provisions of these Terms are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be void or unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited to the minimum extent necessary and replaced with a valid provision that best embodies these Terms.
Choice of Law
These Terms, the Service, and your use hereof, are governed by the laws of California, without regard to California's choice of law provisions, and any claim arising out of your use of the Site or Service must be brought in San Francisco County, California. The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.
Additional Enterprise Terms
Enterprise Clients
If you represent a company or other entity that wishes to host Activities at a Facility owned or controlled by you, then, you also agree to be bound by our Additional Enterprise Requirements available at http://www.movewith.com/enterprise_terms.
Electronic Contracting
You acknowledge and agree that your use of the services includes your ability to enter into agreements or related transactions electronically.  YOUR ELECTRONIC SUBMISSSION TO MOVEWITH ACKNOWLEDGES YOUR AGREEMENT AND INTENT TO BY BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT IN ITS ENTIRETY.  In order to access and store your electronic transaction records with MoveWith, you accept full responsibility for installing required hardware and software.

















Login

          Not a Member? Sign up



 Continue with Facebook


OR



Email *
Password *
Remember me








Forgot your password?












×Close

Sign up

  Already have an account? Log In



 Continue with Facebook


OR


Sign up with Email




First name *
Last name *
Email *
Create password *








Forgot your password?





By signing up for MoveWith, you agree to the Terms of Service. View our Privacy Policy.













×Close

Let us know where you would like to move and we'll notify you when MoveWith launches in your city.

Market Location



Your Email



See you soon! 











×Close

Who do you love to move with?

Instructor First Name



Instructor Last Name



Instructor Contact



Instructor Studios



Why you love them



Recommend Them! 











Movewith Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























movewith inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
MoveWith, Inc. provides an online platform that enables users seeking to participate in fitness training to select and host fitness activities and instructors. The company's platform enables users to discover, connect to, and book classes with fitness teachers in studios, out of studios, and outdoors.




Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































MoveWith: Yoga, Running, Boot Camp, and Fitness Classes from the Best Teachers






















































Audio Workouts

HIIT


Yoga


Meditation


Strength


Treadmill


Running


Mobility


Cycling


Pilates + Barre


Rowing



SERIES
COLLECTIONS


Local Events



All Instructors

HIIT


Yoga


Meditation


Strength


Treadmill


Running


Mobility


Cycling


Pilates + Barre


Rowing















Your personalized audio fitness studio
Get unlimited access to guided workouts from the best instructors on the planet
Start 14 Days Free














  MOVE WITH CONFIDENCE: If you decide MoveWith isn't for you - no problem. Cancel online any time.


How it works




Workouts on your terms
Audio classes that move with you wherever you go — the living room, outdoors, at the gym.



Quality meets affordability
Get a year's worth of guided fitness for the price of a 1-month gym membership.





The best instructors
Find the motivational voices that push you to your best. These are the best instructors on the planet.



Personalized to you
Each week we pick a curated list of workouts tailored to how you like to move.









Get more out of every workout
With audio fitness, get the voice of an instructor alongside a kickass playlist for an immersive, high-energy workout that motivates you to push harder and have more fun every time.
Start 14 Days Free





                      Your browser does not support the audio element.
                      








                      Garrett Wood
                    

                      344 followers
                    




                      Your browser does not support the audio element.
                      








                      Chad Flahive
                    

                      109 followers
                    




                      Your browser does not support the audio element.
                      








                      Danni Pomplun
                    

                      167 followers
                    




                      Your browser does not support the audio element.
                      








                      Enrique Julia
                    

                      134 followers
                    




Start 14 Days Free








A wide variety of classes so you never get bored



              YOGA & MEDITATION
              Get centered with energizing yoga flows and calming meditations for all levels.


              RUNNING
                
Why go it alone? Bring a coach along and reach new milestones on every run.


              STRENGTH & CARDIO
              From 15-minute HIIT workouts to hour-long bootcamps, we've got hundreds of invigorating classes to get you moving.


              TRAINING PROGRAMS
              Run your first half marathon, start on your strength-building journey, or take 7 days to reset and center.








Personalized to you
We do the work of finding new classes you'll love so that every class is fun, fresh and exciting. The more you move, the better we'll get at recommending.













See what our community is saying about us…
Rated 5 stars on the App Store






            "Great guidance and music! Really fun having Maggie at my side on the treadmill to push me more than I ever have."
          

Sarah I., mover review








            "Wow. Didn't expect to get such a great workout in 20 minutes. Love Garrett. Love the motivation! Love this app."
          

Eliza P., mover review








            "Deb is an amazing yoga instructor in person and equals that here via audio. Her cues and adjustments are spot on and her pacing is excellent. Almost like being in an in-person class with Deb."
          

Alfred J., mover review








Get instant unlimited access to hundreds of audio classes
No commitments. Cancel anytime.




$6.99

per month
              $83.88 billed annually
            
Start 14 Days Free






Payment will not start until the end of your 14 days free. Cancel anytime.














Login

          Not a Member? Sign up



 Continue with Facebook


OR



Email *
Password *
Remember me








Forgot your password?












×Close

Sign up

  Already have an account? Log In



 Continue with Facebook


OR


Sign up with Email




First name *
Last name *
Email *
Create password *








Forgot your password?





By signing up for MoveWith, you agree to the Terms of Service. View our Privacy Policy.













×Close

Let us know where you would like to move and we'll notify you when MoveWith launches in your city.

Market Location



Your Email



See you soon! 











×Close

Who do you love to move with?

Instructor First Name



Instructor Last Name



Instructor Contact



Instructor Studios



Why you love them



Recommend Them! 













MoveWith - Audio Workouts & Fitness On Demand - MoveWith Inc. - My Healthy App









































































Cart 0
Search for:



 Health and Fitness Apps










Home
| Store
| iTunes
| Health & Fitness
| Free
| MoveWith – Audio Workouts & Fitness On Demand – MoveWith Inc.











 


 



MoveWith – Audio Workouts & Fitness On Demand – MoveWith Inc.
Free!





“It feels like I’m taking a group fitness class–so motivating!” -Kelley M.
Get instant access to guided audio workouts from the best instructors on the planet. From all-level yoga flows to challenging treadmill workouts to high intensity bootcamps to grounding meditations, you have everything you need to stay fit in body, mind and soul. This is fitness on your terms.
CLASSES FOR ALL FITNESS LEVELS
Get unlimited access to a wide variety of yoga, running, HIIT, meditation, strength, bootcamp, indoor cycling, Pilates, barre, and indoor rowing classes that will get you sweaty, strong and centered. Choose from a full variety of intensity and experience levels, and durations ranging from 5 to 60 minutes.
AUDIO GUIDANCE FROM THE BEST INSTRUCTORS
With expert audio instruction, you can focus on your practice instead of the screen. It’s like having a personal coach standing right beside you.
FRESH NEW WORKOUTS
Never get bored with classes added from your favorite teachers every week.
PERSONALIZED RECOMMENDATIONS
View daily workouts chosen specifically for you. The more you move, the more personal your recommendations become.
REACH YOUR GOALS WITH SERIES
Follow paths of guided workouts that lead to progress and new milestones, whether you’re looking to reset and center or commit to a new strength-building routine.
TRACK EVERY MOVE
Get credit for every audio workout you do, and log other classes you take at your favorite fitness studios.
GREAT MUSIC
Instructor-curated playlists make every workout more fun.
Get unlimited access to all classes for $12.99/month or $83.99/year. You can subscribe and pay through your iTunes account. Your subscription will automatically renew at the end of each term unless auto-renew is turned off in your iTunes account settings at least 24 hours before the end of the current period. View our terms at movewith.com/terms.


Buy from iTunes




Add to Wishlist



Product added!

Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

Browse Wishlist	        




Compare
SKU: 994234114
Categories: Free, Health & Fitness, iTunes
Tags: Audio, Demand, fitness, free, health, Health & Fitness, Inc, iTunes, MoveWith, MyHealthyApp, on, Workouts





Description



Product Description
“It feels like I’m taking a group fitness class–so motivating!” -Kelley M.
Get instant access to guided audio workouts from the best instructors on the planet. From all-level yoga flows to challenging treadmill workouts to high intensity bootcamps to grounding meditations, you have everything you need to stay fit in body, mind and soul. This is fitness on your terms.
CLASSES FOR ALL FITNESS LEVELS
Get unlimited access to a wide variety of yoga, running, HIIT, meditation, strength, bootcamp, indoor cycling, Pilates, barre, and indoor rowing classes that will get you sweaty, strong and centered. Choose from a full variety of intensity and experience levels, and durations ranging from 5 to 60 minutes.
AUDIO GUIDANCE FROM THE BEST INSTRUCTORS
With expert audio instruction, you can focus on your practice instead of the screen. It’s like having a personal coach standing right beside you.
FRESH NEW WORKOUTS
Never get bored with classes added from your favorite teachers every week.
PERSONALIZED RECOMMENDATIONS
View daily workouts chosen specifically for you. The more you move, the more personal your recommendations become.
REACH YOUR GOALS WITH SERIES
Follow paths of guided workouts that lead to progress and new milestones, whether you’re looking to reset and center or commit to a new strength-building routine.
TRACK EVERY MOVE
Get credit for every audio workout you do, and log other classes you take at your favorite fitness studios.
GREAT MUSIC
Instructor-curated playlists make every workout more fun.
Get unlimited access to all classes for $12.99/month or $83.99/year. You can subscribe and pay through your iTunes account. Your subscription will automatically renew at the end of each term unless auto-renew is turned off in your iTunes account settings at least 24 hours before the end of the current period. View our terms at movewith.com/terms.
CHECK OUT THESE HEALTHY APPS



Breethe – Guided Meditation – OMG. I Can Meditate! Inc.
Free!
 
The easiest way to meditate!  De-stress & sleep better in only 10 min with your personal meditation coach!    Learn simple mindfulness and meditation techniques to help you bring more happiness, calm and peace of mind into your life. 
Relax, reduce your stress, sleep better, sharpen your mind, and improve your relationships — in just 10 minutes a day! 
This meditation app includes hundreds of daily meditations, and a wide variety of other guided meditations to help you deal with specific issues such as weight loss, insomnia, anxiety, work performance, trouble sleeping, etc.   It even has a mindfulness program for kids.
Selected Best New App by Apple in 95 countries. 
"Life-changing and so simple even my 7–year-old daughter uses it! ...Highly Recommend. "    In Style Magazine
"Super-easy guided meditations that even the most spirituality-averse person can get into."    People Magazine
"For those busiest amongst us, this is a great app for you."    Harper's Bazaar
"There are plenty of meditation apps out there, but this is one of our favorites."  Goop
"Without a doubt the best and most comprehensive meditation app available in the App Store."    Apppicker.com
" A well thought-out app, fun but serious, playful and helpful.. and very appealing."    Mindful .org
KEY FEATURES
• Hundreds of meditations to destress, relax, put yourself into a calm headspace and be happier.
• Daily Guided Meditations with your personal mindfulness coach — All you have to do is sit in a chair and breathe. 
• Meditation Series on most common issues such as Stress, Sleep, and Feeling Happier. 
• Special Meditations for whatever you’re dealing with in your life.— such as Attracting Abundance, Feeling Compassion, Finding Love, Dealing with Anxiety, even “My Boss is a Jerk"!
• Morning Meditations
Start your day with our alarm clock and a gentle wake-up meditation track.
• Sleep Meditations
Fall asleep easily with relaxing music and special meditations for a variety of sleeping disorders. Enjoy a deep sleep and wake up fully rested. 
• On-the-Go Meditations 
Ideal for stress and anxiety relief such as the Five-Minute Power Nap, the Two-Minute Stress Reliever and even a One-minute meditation. These short tracks focused on the breath will help you calm down and focus on positive thinking.
• Classic tracks 
Loving kindness, body scan, healing, 5 minute, 10 minute, mindfulness meditations.
• Meditation in Motion Missions —
Effective mindfulness exercises, relaxation and breathing techniques, that you can practice to bring the benefits of meditation into your daily life.
• Anytime, Anywhere!
Use the app on your phone, tablet or computer.  Your progress is synced across all devices.  Meditating has never been easier. 
• Great practical tools
Save your favorites, set up reminders, adjust background meditation music volume levels!
• Use the Free Version Forever or unlock all content with a Premium Membership! 
Whether you just want to feel more happy or relaxed, or you’re dealing with heavy stuff like stress, burnout, or insomnia, mindfulness coach Lynne Goldberg shows you in 10 minutes a day how simple and life-changing mindfulness can be.  Anyone can learn !
NEED HELP ?
Please contact us at support@omgmeditate.com.
Plans:
Premium membership unlocks all content and features for the duration of the subscription.
Monthly: US$ 12.5 per month & Yearly: US$ 89.95  
Monthly and Annual subscriptions automatically renew at the rate secured at the time of purchase unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
Auto-renewal can be turned off easily at any time by selecting Manage Subscriptions in the user's Account Settings after purchase. 
2 year: US$ 119.95 does not auto renew.
Prices in USD may vary due to exchange rates. Payment charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase.  For more info, consult https://www.omgmeditate.com/terms-and-conditions/
Copyright © 2015 OMG. I Can Meditate! Inc.	
Buy from iTunesCompare



Add to Wishlist



Product added!

Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

Browse Wishlist	        







StressLess – Psychologies – Teach on Mars
$4.99
 
Manage your stress with Psychologies’ coaching app, StressLess
Learn to bring calm into your everyday life by creating your personalised StressLess course, filled with exercises and advice to help you manage your time, master your feelings and communicate assertively and calmly.
Discover our helpful tips to lower pressure in stressful situations with our StressLess Emergency Kit.
Neutralising stress is a process that contains several steps. That is why the StressLess Premium app consists of 4 coaching sessions to practise day after day, following a true training programme.
It doesn’t take long – just five minutes a day is enough to gain the secrets to a calmer life!
Coaching session 1: Lower the pressure
Stress is a poison. You can feel this when you experience it and you want to neutralise its toxic effects. To do this, we’ve devised a special coaching session to help you find peace both mentally and physically. 
On the syllabus: exercises and advice on changing thought patterns and body language.
The final result: a calmer everyday life and more balanced relationships.
Coaching session 2: Manage your time
Is it urgent, important or both?
Discover our methods to prioritise your tasks and also make time for yourself.
Coaching session 3: Regulate your feelings
Are you an ‘emotional sponge’?
Take our test and follow our advice to stop being overwhelmed by your feelings and other people’s.
Coaching session 4: Communicate serenely
Can you say no? How do you handle criticism without taking it personally? 
Apply our exercises to express yourself calmly, but firmly.
With this app, you will:
· Have the tools of your StressLess Emergency Kit on hand
· Learn, practice and improve whenever and wherever you want
· Test yourself with our ‘challenges’
About the author:
Flavia Mazelin Salvi has been a journalist with Psychologies magazine (France) for more than 10 years. Specialising in psychology and in personal development, she has written several books on Zen, published in France by Les Presses du Châtelet.
User testimonials
"A useful app for those keen to work on themselves - using it to supplement my counselling" - MusicFu
"I'm currently also having CBT for anxiety and have found the app very helpful in managing my stress. It helps me truly focus, particularly loved the breathe counter!!" - Vocaleyes
"Emotional training, breathing exercises, very supportive. I think it is well worth the money I spent. I'd recommend this app for those who want to be self aware and improve themselves." - Sagagirl53	
Buy from iTunesCompare



Add to Wishlist



Product added!

Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

Browse Wishlist	        







Carbs & Cals: Visual counter for diet & diabetes – Chello Publishing
$4.99
 
Other calorie counting apps boast 5 MILLION+ FOODS, but **news flash** nobody actually eats 5 million foods! In reality, people eat the same things on a regular basis, so instead of showing you a long list of irrelevant foods, we think it’s much more useful to show you PHOTOS of the most common foods people eat.
The Carbs & Cals app contains 3,500+ food photos to help you get your portion size just right.
PERFECT for:
• Type 1 diabetes (carb counting)
• Type 2 diabetes or pre-diabetes
• Weight loss (calorie/fat counting)
• Anyone on the 5:2 or 8-Week Blood Sugar Diet
• Fitness training (boosting carbs or protein)
• Healthy eating (increasing fibre or fruit & veg)
The bestselling and award-winning Carbs & Cals products help thousands of people control their diabetes and weight every year.
We’ve listened to customer feedback and this update has been completely redesigned for 2017 with a brand new style and user experience - check it out today!
FOR TECHNICAL SUPPORT, QUESTIONS AND SUGGESTIONS, please email info@carbsandcals.com and we'll be happy to help.
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •
SO HOW DOES IT WORK?
1. Browse the foods.
2. Use the photos to select your portion size.
3. Save your meal and track your daily nutrients. It’s that simple!
HOW DO I GET STARTED?
Use the setup wizard to:
1. Select your nutrients.
2. Set up daily targets.
3. Download the food photos, and you’re ready to go!
OUR FAVOURITE FEATURES
• Up to 6 portion size photos for each food.
• Save common meals as a My Meal for quick recall.
• Updated user experience.
• A new targets screen to keep your diet on track!
• Your main nutrient is highlighted throughout the app.
• Popular UK restaurant data now included.
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •
ADDITIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
• FOOD PHOTOS: For UK, USA, Germany, Austria, Italy & Portugal.
• PORTION SIZES: Up to 6 portion photos for each food item.
• NUTRITIONAL VALUES: Choose from carbs, calories, protein, fat, saturated fat, fibre, alcohol units and 5-a-day fruit & veg. Your main nutrient is highlighted throughout the app.
• 30 FOOD CATEGORIES: Lots of foods, meals, drinks & snacks.
• BRANDED FOODS: Including Activia, Alpen, Domino’s, Dorset Cereals, Innocent, Kellogg’s, Nakd, Ready Brek, Ryvita and Weetabix.
• SETUP WIZARD: Customise the app to your requirements.
• DAILY TARGETS: Set your calorie and nutrient targets using the BMI calculator. See a graph of your daily intake vs your targets.
• 5:2 DIET: Select your 5:2 days and target calories for your fasting days.
• DASHBOARD: Easily track your daily intake for breakfast, lunch, dinner and snacks. 
• MY FOODS: Take photos and add nutritional info for your own foods.
• MY MEALS: Group foods together that you eat on a regular basis and save as a customised meal for easy recall, saving you time each day!
• EXERCISE: Keep track of the calories you burn through the built-in exercise tracker.
• EXPORT DATA: Save data as a PDF or CSV file - great to share with your healthcare team.
• iCLOUD BACKUP: Backup and restore your data.
• GRAPHICS: High-resolution graphics for retina displays.
• USE THE APP OFFLINE: Download the food photos to your device so you can then use the app without internet connection.
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •
CUSTOMER FEEDBACK
“ Life would be so much harder without this App. Five Stars! ”
“ I LOVE your App. I’m a visual dieter, so you have made dieting a breeze for me. ”
“ I would like to say how amazing I think your app is. It is responsible for helping me lose at least 2lb a week since I started using it. ”
“ This is brilliant for anyone who needs to count their carbs and calories! ”
“ A must for people with diabetes ”
“ Gives a real representation of how many carbs are in different portion sizes, and this is invaluable. ” 
“ Guesstimates are often way out, so this is a huge help. ”	
Buy from iTunesCompare



Add to Wishlist



Product added!

Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

Browse Wishlist	        







Tempo – Training Log for Runners – Indie Computing Labs, LLC
Free!
 
Tempo is an advanced training log and a beautiful visualizer for your runs to track progress, optimize recovery, and achieve your goals. With its incredible features and simplified details, Tempo is a powerful companion for the Apple Watch Workout app.
———
Here’s why we think you will love Tempo,
1. BUILT FOR EVERY RUNNER
Thoughtfully built to be a simple running log with essential insights, Tempo is an effective training tool for every runner.
2. EVERY RUN IN DETAIL
Details matter. In Tempo, you can view every run with all the helpful details, see pace and heart rate on an interactive graph, and add your own notes for each run.
3. TRACK AND MAINTAIN CONSISTENCY
We run for the joy, the distance, speed, endurance, fitness; all of it requires consistency. You can track your progress with week-to-week (and month-to-month) cumulative graph and averaging trends.
4. REST AND RECOVER TO BUILD
Run, recover, and repeat - that’s how we achieve longevity and build strength. Tempo’s Intensity Log is perfect to monitor training strain and find your optimal stress cycles to improve.
5. BUILT FOR THE RUNNER IN YOU
There are insights, there are graphs, we can tell you about the 3D Touch, or Today's widget, but it's not about a specific feature; it’s about you and your running. Tempo is designed to be your daily go-to running app. Your running visualized to delight you, motivate you, inspire you, and help you achieve your running goals.
———— 
FOR THE LOVE OF RUNNING
Built for runners, by a runner, Tempo started as a simple, 1-screen side-project and evolved into a powerful app to become a favorite of many runners. Read Tempo's story here - http://indie.sh/tempo/story 
———— 
PREMIUM, PRIVATE, NO ADS.
Tempo is built with privacy as a core principle. Your data is yours; we will never claim it, sell it, or share it with anyone. Tempo is for focussing on running and recovery without ad distractions, so it only has a paid model. You can download and try it for free, but your running will significantly benefit from pro features available with Tempo Premium.
———— 
SUBSCRIPTION INFO
Tempo's pro features are only available with Tempo Premium subscription. If you choose to purchase Tempo Premium, subscription payment will be charged to your iTunes account. Your subscription will automatically renew unless canceled at least 24 hours before the end of the current period. Auto-renewal may be turned off at any time by going to your settings in the iTunes Store after purchase. Any unused portion of the free trial period, will be forfeited when you purchase a subscription.
Current subscription price is $6.99 USD per year, and may vary from country to country.
———— 
HERE FOR THE DISTANCE
This is just the beginning. It's not a single sprint; it’s a marathon for us.. may be more than one :) We have a solid roadmap and we will keep building Tempo with your feedback and support.
————
TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS
Tempo can only process runs recorded with your Apple Watch and the Workout app. All your runs should be stored in the Health app. When you save a run in the Workout app, it is also saved in the Health app. Tempo does not support running data that is stored in the Health app from other 3rd party apps. We have tried, but unfortunately, most apps’ data is not fully compatible with Health app data format.
———— 
QUESTIONS / COMMENTS
We would love to hear from you. If you have questions or would like to share any feedback, comments, or running stories, please reach out.
Email: tempo@indie.sh
Twitter: @tempolog
———— 
Privacy Policy: http://indie.sh/tempo/privacy
Term of Service: https://indie.sh/tempo/terms	
Buy from iTunesCompare



Add to Wishlist



Product added!

Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

Browse Wishlist	        







Ideal Weight Calculator – Mohammed Khalid
$1.99
 
BMI Calculator is an application is use to calculate Body Mass Index. The measure of fat content in human body based on the height and weight in the Body Mass Index (BMI).
Features:
-User Experience has been kept simple to avoid user from getting confused.
-Imperial and Metric units
-Results are interpreted in a clean manner with the use of colours and also are prominent
-Save the calculated BMI
-User information about BMI
-Completely offline
-iPhone, iPod and iPad support	
Buy from iTunesCompare



Add to Wishlist



Product added!

Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

Browse Wishlist	        







Workouts By Gabriela – Global Fitness Creative Inc
Free!
 
Gabriela’s mission is to help women be healthy in all ways from the inside out. She believes that fitness can help women get in touch with who they are & what they can accomplish.
Workouts by Gabriela offers a variety of work outs targeted to build lean muscle & burn stubborn fat. The programs are tailored to Gabriela’s style of training, focusing on building lean muscle mass while still maintaining a feminine physique!
Fitness & Work Outs
-Work outs by Gabriela includes explosive fat-blasting high intensity interval training work outs  that require minimal to no equipment. 
-Each day you will perform ultra-tough conditioning circuits that will challenge you with unique movement exercises!
-Upper body resistance training work outs that will get you lean & strong
-Gabriela’s personal legs & booty routine twice a week!
-challenging core exercises that will sculpt your waist!
Nutrition
-guidance to get the goals you want whether it’s to gain muscle mass or lose fat!
-get advice on how to shop for groceries and plan out your meals so you’ll always perform at your best. 
-You’ll also receive a sample meal plan for convenient examples of how to put together your meals. 
Motivation
Compare side to side pictures privately or share them with the #workoutsbygabriela community & receive motivational support at all times
If you want to become stronger than you’ve ever been and gain the confidence you’ve never had before this is the program for you!
The Workouts By Gabriela App is offered as a 7 day free trial and then will continue as a subscription length of one month and billed at $12.99/mth USD. Payment will be charged to your iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase. Subscriptions lengths will auto-renew each month for a one month period unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period. Your account will be charged within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the $12.99/mth USD renewal. Subscriptions to the Workouts By Gabriela app may be managed by yourself as a user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to your Account Settings after purchase. There will be no cancellation of a current subscription during an active subscription period. Any unused portion of a free trial period will be forfeited when a user purchases a subscription for the one month renewal period"
Privacy Policy: http://workoutsbygabrielaapp.com/privacy-policy.html
Terms of Use: http://workoutsbygabrielaapp.com/terms-of-use.html	
Buy from iTunesCompare



Add to Wishlist



Product added!

Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

Browse Wishlist	        







Fitness Tracks – GPS Running, Walking, Cycling, Hiking, Route Planning, Workout, Activity and Calorie Tracker – DMorneault
$3.99
 
Introducing Fitness Tracks, from the makers of GPS Tracks.  Track your runs, walks, biking activities and any other outdoor sport using your GPS!
No account or login required, simply turn it on and go!
Features - 
Record Workouts
- Track distance, time, speed, pace, calories
- Weekly and monthly summaries
- Track playback at variable speeds
- View a plot of your speed, elevation, Glide Ratio, Heart Rate during your workouts
- View your split times during your workout
- Set a pace and a route to race a computer competitor
Create Routes
- Easily create routes to follow during Workouts by drawing or dropping pins on the map
- Create routes from previous workouts
Sharing
- Share your workouts with Twitter or Facebook
- Export your tracks or routes in either KML or GPX format
- Import and Export files with Dropbox
- iCloud syncing
- Tested with Wahoo Fitness Heart Rate monitor and Speed Cadence devices as well as MIO Alpha heart rate monitor
- Compatible with BTLE heart rate monitors
- Update your weight automatically with a Withings Smart Body Analyzer to calculate calories burned during workouts
Continued use of GPS running in the background can dramatically decrease battery life.	
Buy from iTunesCompare



Add to Wishlist



Product added!

Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

Browse Wishlist	        







All Day – Workouts & Wellness – adidas AG
Free!
 
Discover daily fitness training and yoga routines, recipes for better nutrition, and ways to improve your strength, mindfulness and sleep with the All Day app from adidas.
Build new habits and improve your well being with the All Day activity tracker. Set your workout plan and track your metrics including calories burned, steps walked and distance run. Log your activity throughout the day, set reminders or add your gym sessions, yoga classes and other workouts.
Designed by health and fitness experts, All Day delivers you insights and inspiration for better movement, nutrition, mindset and rest in short, effective video or audio sessions, called “Discoveries”.
MOVEMENT
• Discover workout plans to improve your strength or running, or learn new yoga routines in videos guided by experts
• Choose the type and number of workouts to fit your weekly goals 
NUTRITION
• Nourish your body with recipes for better nutrition and hydration
• Redefine healthy eating with easy to follow recipes that boost your energy
• Try new flavors with easy to make bowls and meals
MINDFULNESS
• Cultivate a balanced mind with exercises in mindfulness
• Practice being positive and present with guided meditation
• Reduce stress and anxiety with new breathing routines
SLEEP
• Recharge with techniques for rest to gain more energy throughout the day
• Fall asleep faster and sleep longer with curated playlists 
Whether you’re a beginner or a pro, Discoveries let you try out only what interests you—from how to improve your running with yoga, to how to sleep better, to how to make a quick, nutrition-packed breakfast.	
Buy from iTunesCompare



Add to Wishlist



Product added!

Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

Browse Wishlist	        







 


Related Products


Sleep Pillow Sounds: white noise machine app – FITNESS22 LTD
 
With this app you'll sleep tonight, guaranteed.
Its the most effective & highest quality sleep app, with over 5,400,00 happy customers. 
FEATURED on ABC, CBS, BBC, Wall Street Journal, Successful Living, AppAdvice, AppCraver, 148Apps, Appolicious, & several radio stations
RECOMMENDED BY TOP DOCTORS 
on HealthTap.com
This is the famous "APP THAT HELPS THE WORLD SLEEP". Turn it on and you'll be asleep in minutes, guaranteed.
Sleep Pillow provides an advanced set of high quality ambient sounds, premixed for perfect sleep enhancement. The sounds are recorded and enhanced to relax and make you sleep. They isolate, create a relaxed environment, and put you into a cyclical sleep pattern. 
The way these sounds are created will induce sleep even for difficult sleepers or in the noisiest environments.
--- ULTIMATE SOUND SET ---
● 70 Naturally recorded sounds
● Sound mixes - up to 300,000 combinations
● Pre-mastered & high quality 
Some of our sounds:
light rain | medium rain | tropical rain | rain on tent | rain on car + wipers | thunder storm | wind & rain & thunder storm | wind-vane blade | wind in field | outside bonfire | inside fireplace | garden fountain | stream | bubbling stream | gentle beach waves | beach & white noise mix | beach waves & birds | row boat | motor boat | birds & gentle frogs | small tropical birds | distant birds | lake birds | jungle cave birds | jungle life | forest life | horse running in field | whale song | underwater dive | bubbles | cold drink with ice | quiet city traffic | city nightlife | luxury car ride | business class travel | train ride | wall clock | mother's heartbeat | thin wind chimes | medium wind chimes | thick wind chimes | wooden wind chimes | underwater melody | temple atmosphere | indian tent | beach resort hammock | soothing guitar | quiet piano | couple's getaway melody | dream catcher melody | massage atmosphere music | beach meditation music | quiet resort room | metronome | baby lullaby 1 | baby lullaby 2 | baby lullaby 3 | white noise | blue noise | radio crackle | ceiling fan | box fan | metal box fan | tall stand fan | small fan | hair dryer | vacuum | clothes dryer 
---- OTHER FEATURES ---- 
● Create sound mixes: 300,000 combinations
● Sleep timer with slow fade-out  
● Alarm clock with slow fade-in
● App runs in the background 
● App runs while device locked / screen dark
● Favorite sounds shortlist 
● High quality nature images, to set the mood
--- PRESS & MEDIA QUOTES ---
● Wall Street Journal: "the hottest tracks on digital playlists: oscillating fan, crickets, waves..."
● AppAdvice: "No matter what the reason, Sleep Pillow can make a stressful mood just disappear."
● 148Apps: "remarkably easy to use… the sound effects included are recorded really well."
● Successful Living: "Great for those nights you have trouble falling asleep… it keeps its promise of getting you to sleep."
● AppCraver: "Cure Insomnia with iPhone and Sleep Pillow."
● WGNA Radio: "There's an app to help you sleep!"	
Buy from iTunesCompare



Add to Wishlist



Product added!

Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

Browse Wishlist	        







My Healthy App For Gals
Free!
 
My Healthy App For Gals is a daily workout app specifically designed for Gals. We know Gals like to have flexibility so with this app they can choose which workouts to add to their daily workout programs (Sunday to Saturday). The intensity and level of the workouts ranges from beginners to hardcore crossfit exercises. They are categorised depending on the type of workout with simple instructions and images.	
Google PlayCompare



Add to Wishlist



Product added!

Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

Browse Wishlist	        







Simply Being – Guided Meditation for Relaxation and Presence – Meditation Oasis
$1.99
 
RECOMMENDED BY THE NY TIMES, SELF MAGAZINE, YOGA JOURNAL, the HUFFINGTON POST and more.  Meditate easily with this elegantly simple App. Enjoy the deep relaxation, stress relief and benefits of meditation without prior experience. The Meditation Oasis® Simply Being  app has been developed by Richard and Mary Maddux, creators of the popular Meditation Oasis® podcast. It allows you to choose from 5 meditation times and gives you to option to listen to the guided meditation with or without music or nature sounds. You can also listen to the music or nature sounds alone. In addition, you can choose how long to listen to the music or nature sounds after the voice guidance finishes.
"Let the voice-guided Simply Being app talk you through a relaxing 5- to 30-minute meditation session. 'Other apps offer pretty nature sounds but no instruction, which left me bored,' a tester said. 'With the voice guidance, five minutes of meditation flew by.'" Self Magazine, April 2011
"Very relaxing and a good way to fall asleep."
"...the best guided meditation I have ever found."
"Extremely soothing music..."
"My stress level has dropped, I have more patience, and I   am more relaxed before going to bed." 
With this App you can:
- Meditate easily as you are voice-guided step by step
- Choose a meditation length of 5, 10, 15, 20 or 30 minutes 
- Listen to the meditation with or without music/nature sounds
- Read instructions to support and enhance your meditation
- Listen to music or nature sounds alone
- Choose how long the music/nature sounds will continue after the meditation ends
- Relax deeply and experience the present moment completely
- Enjoy the benefits of meditation easily
- Links to support on the Meditation Oasis website
The Simply Being meditation is useful for beginners and experienced meditators alike.
_____________
Created by Mary Maddux, MS, HTP and Richard Maddux, best known for their popular Meditation Oasis podcast and and CDs. 
Mary and Richard  bring over 30 years of meditation practice and teaching to the creation of their guided meditations and music. In addition to teaching meditation, Mary has worked in both conventional and alternative settings as a counselor and healing arts practitioner. Richard has played and composed music all of his life. His music is composed especially for meditation, relaxation and healing.	
Buy from iTunesCompare



Add to Wishlist



Product added!

Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

Browse Wishlist	        







Ref Guide for Essential Oils – Abundant Health
$6.99
 
This convenient app runs on the Apple family of iPhones and iPads.
This app combines information from the authoritative Reference Guide for Essential Oils, written by Connie and Alan Higley, with convenient search and note-taking features. Use the app anytime, anywhere to quickly find and confidently use recommended essential oils and oil blends for hundreds of different health and wellness conditions. 
This app will become your go-to reference for personal essential oil use and for sharing your love of essential oils. The app features a personal guide section that details over 700 health topics for which essential oils are commonly used to help support the bodyís natural ability to heal itself. Additionally, key information on over 100 single oils and more than 90 commercially-available oil blends will help you better understand and use essential oils. 
The app also includes essential oil application instructions, including detailed information about auricular internal body points, digestive tract, autonomic nervous system, and the nose and olfactory system.	
Buy from iTunesCompare



Add to Wishlist



Product added!

Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

Browse Wishlist	        






















































MoveWith | crunchbase
ebczrvvwuwyzfbeeDISCOVERCompaniesPeopleInvestorsFunding RoundsAcquisitionsSchoolsEventsMy SearchesMy ListsFeaturedContributeData SolutionsAboutTermsCareersSitemapEditorial Partners: TechCrunch© 2017 Crunchbase Inc.All rights reserved.MoveWithOverviewTimelineContributorsTop ContributorsAdd to this ProfileContributeOverviewUpdateTotal Equity Funding$3M in 2 Rounds from 5 InvestorsMost Recent Funding$3M Seed on January 14, 2016Headquarters:San Francisco, CaliforniaDescription:MoveWith believe that great teachers are the key to leading a healthy and active life.Founders:Holly Shelton, Tricia ChoiCategories:Health CareWebsite:https://www.movewith.comSocial: Company DetailsUpdateFounded:2014Contact:info@movewith.comEmployees:11 - 50 | 5 in CrunchbaseMoveWith believes that great teachers are the key to leading a healthy and active life. They're the ones who make sure they never run out of motivation and who keep us smiling through the sweat. They're passionate about legitimizing and elevating the careers of those who inspire us to lead healthier, more balanced, and more connected lives.
They built a digital platform to make it easy to connect with the most inspiring teachers in a thriving community. MoveWith lets you discover and book classes with the people who make every workout an adventure.
Funding Rounds (2) - $3MUpdateDateAmount / RoundValuationLead InvestorInvestorsJan, 2016$3M / Seed—Forerunner Ventures3Feb, 2015undisclosed amount / Seed—Project 11 Ventures3Investors (5)InvestorRound(s)Partner(s)AccompliceSeed-Forerunner VenturesSeed (Lead)Eurie KimFounder CollectiveSeed-Seed-LaunchCapitalSeed-Project 11 VenturesSeed (Lead)-Current Team (5)UpdateNoam ArgovProgramming and ProductionGeorge bagaoisanProduct DesignerTricia ChoiCDO & Co-FounderTim DesiriOS DeveloperHolly SheltonCEO & Co-FounderBoard Members and Advisors (2)UpdateKatie RaeCEO & Managing Partner, MIT The Engine Fund @ Massachusetts Institute of Technology - MITSeed Investor & Advisor (since 2014)Chad RichardSVP Business & Corporate Development @ YelpAdvisor (since 2014)News (4)UpdateDateNewsApr 13, 2017PRWeb Sitemap - MoveWith Introduces The Daily Sweat, High-Intensity 20 Minute Workouts, DailyJan 14, 2016WSJ Blogs - MoveWith Scores $3 Million for Social App of Workout InstructorsJan 14, 2016StrictlyVC - StrictlyVC: January 14, 2016Jan 14, 2016StrictlyVC - StrictlyVC: January 14, 2016@teammovewithLoading teammovewith's tweets...MoveWith on TwitterOffices/Locations (1)UpdateHeadquarters169 11th StreetSan Francisco, California 94103United StatesImages (1)UpdateAdd AcquisitionsAdd ProductsAdd Sub OrganizationsAdd CompetitorsAdd MembershipsAdd CustomersAdd PartnersAdd VideosB2CDA-LR37J-YK78Y-A3S53-VWN7U

	MOVEWITH Trademark of MoveWith, Inc.. Serial Number: 86423657 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Communications Services
MOVEWITH










 
Get FREE email alerts













MOVEWITH  Trademark Information
 MoveWith, Inc.
Streaming of video material on the Internet




Perfect for these industries

Communications Services





Words that describe this mark
downloadable   mobile   applications   finding   booking   physical   fitness   classes   appointments   health   wellness   service   providers   downloadable   mobile   applications   social   networking   downloadable   video   recordings   fields   physical   fitness      health    
                                    




This is a brand page for the MOVEWITH trademark by MoveWith, Inc. 
                                in San Francisco, CA, 94103.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this MOVEWITH trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner MoveWith, Inc. of the MOVEWITH trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the MOVEWITH trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, October 14, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        MOVEWITH by 
                        MoveWith, Inc., San Francisco, CA  94103.
                        The USPTO has given the MOVEWITH 
                        trademark serial  number of  86423657.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is FOURTH EXTENSION - GRANTED.
                        The correspondent listed for MOVEWITH is 
                        
                        
                                            Connie L. Ellerbach, Esq. of 
                                            Fenwick & West LLP,  801 California Street, Mountain View CA 94041 
                                .
                            The MOVEWITH trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Communications Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for MOVEWITH 
                            is Downloadable mobile applications for finding and booking physical fitness classes and appointments with health and wellness service providers; downloadable mobile applications for social networking; downloadable video recordings in the fields of physical fitness, health, and wellness. 
                            





Word mark:
 MOVEWITH


  Status/Status Date:  


FOURTH EXTENSION - GRANTED

5/9/2017



  Serial Number:  
86423657


  Filing Date:  
10/14/2014


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Downloadable mobile applications for finding and booking physical fitness classes and appointments with health and wellness service providers; downloadable mobile applications for social networking; downloadable video recordings in the fields of physical fitness, health, and wellness


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
3/17/2015


Last Applicant/Owner:

MoveWith, Inc.San Francisco, CA  94103
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Connie L. Ellerbach, Esq.
Fenwick & West LLP
801 California Street
Mountain View CA 94041






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (038) - Telecommunications. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your MOVEWITH trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

5/9/2017
FOURTH EXTENSION - GRANTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Connie L. Ellerbach, Esq.


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of MOVEWITH trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search movewith on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for MOVEWITH 




MOVEWITH is providing Downloadable mobile applications for finding and booking physical fitness classes and appointments with health and wellness service providers; downloadable mobile applications for social networking; downloadable video recordings in the fields of physical fitness, health, and wellness.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














MoveWith, Inc.: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 26, 2017 8:38 PM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of MoveWith, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for MoveWith, Inc.
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeHolly   Shelton  1 RelationshipsCofounder, Chief Executive Officer and Director--Tricia   Choi  No RelationshipsCofounder and Chief Developemnt Officer--Christine   Raschke  No RelationshipsHead of Operations--Charlotte   Winthrop  No RelationshipsHead of Growth--
MoveWith, Inc. Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeHolly   Shelton   1 RelationshipsMoveWith, Inc.--Michael   Horvath   1 RelationshipsMoveWith, Inc.--View All Board Members
MoveWith, Inc. Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry RangeSalary  273.2KBonus  415.9KTotal Short Term Compensation  369.5KTotal Value of Options  16.3MCompensation as of Fiscal Year   MoveWith, Inc. CEO CompensationIndustry Average










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESFirstwave Cloud Technology Limited Announces the Extension of Appointment of Richard Beswick as an Alternate Director from July 31, 2017 to August 23, 2017July 26, 2017 12:00 AM ETTravelzoos Appoints Jacqui Timmins as General Manager, AustraliaJuly 25, 2017 9:03 PM ETDigitalTown, Inc. Announces Resignation of Mark Schwartz as Member of the Board of Directors, Effective July 30, 2017July 25, 2017 5:20 PM ETVacasa Hires Bob Milne as Chief Operations OfficerJuly 25, 2017 4:02 PM ETRescale Appoints Gabriel Broner as Vice President and General Manager of High-Performance ComputingJuly 25, 2017 2:30 PM ETSponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact MoveWith, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































 


