


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Value Fund (TRVLX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Value Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				TRVLX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/25/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$37.30
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.13
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/25/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								10.85%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$32.22
							
							-
							
								$37.30
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$24,364.55

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Value Fund among 
1091,
1091,
936
and 
681
Large Value
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks to provide long-term capital appreciation by investing in common stocks believed to be undervalued. Income is a secondary objective.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					17.93%
				
			

				
					17.93%
				
			


3 Years

				
					7.11%
				
			

				
					7.11%
				
			


5 Years

				
					15.40%
				
			

				
					15.40%
				
			


10 Years

				
					6.62%
				
			

				
					6.62%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 11.07%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							11.07%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							September 30, 1994
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.82%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.82%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund





















404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari























 













 


 



Mantle Ridge Comments on CSX’s Decision to Call Special Meeting of Shareholders | Business Wire


























































Mantle Ridge Comments on CSX’s Decision to Call Special Meeting of 
      Shareholders






February 14, 2017 09:45 PM Eastern Standard Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Mantle Ridge LP (“Mantle Ridge”), an investment firm formed by Paul 
      Hilal, which owns approximately 4.9% of the outstanding common shares of 
      CSX Corp. (NASDAQ:CSX) (the “Company”), today responded to the 
      announcement that CSX will hold a special meeting of shareholders.
    


      Paul Hilal, Founder and CEO of Mantle Ridge, said, “We are pleased that 
      CSX agrees that change is needed, and note that CSX enjoyed a $10.4 
      billion increase in market value since January 18, 2017 reflecting 
      optimism that Mr. Harrison may join as Chief Executive Officer, and 
      effect a transformation of CSX to a Precision Scheduled Railroading 
      model. We have been engaged in constructive dialogue with CSX’s Board 
      for several weeks. While we had hoped to reach a negotiated agreement, 
      we appreciate that CSX shareholders will have the opportunity to make 
      their voices heard on the optimal governance and compensation structure 
      that will create the conditions for a successful transformation. We 
      remain fully confident in a favorable outcome for CSX and its 
      shareholders and are excited for the future.”
    

      Hunter Harrison added, “If we create the right conditions for success, 
      we have the best chances for success.”
    

About Mantle Ridge LP


      Mantle Ridge is a private investment firm founded by Paul Hilal. Mantle 
      Ridge seeks to help create enduring value, and believes that 
      constructive and cooperative engagement between boards, management 
      teams, and engaged shareholders is the best means to achieving that goal.
    

      Mantle Ridge’s approach is informed by extensive research and a depth of 
      experience in value investing, activist engagements, corporate 
      governance, and business operations, in the context of diverse sector 
      expertise. For more information, go to www.mantleridge.com.
    

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS


      This press release contains forward-looking statements within the 
      meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and 
      Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended, the “Exchange 
      Act”), regarding, among other things, Mantle Ridge’s plans to 
      distribute a definitive proxy statement. Such forward-looking statements 
      involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that 
      may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially 
      different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed 
      or implied by such forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not 
      to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak 
      only as of the date thereof. Mantle Ridge undertakes no obligation to 
      publicly release the result of any revisions to these forward-looking 
      statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the 
      date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
    

CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING PARTICIPANTS


      Mantle Ridge LP (“Mantle Ridge”) and 
      certain of its affiliates intend to file with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) a proxy 
      statement and accompanying proxy card to be used to solicit proxies in 
      connection with the upcoming special meeting of shareholders (the “Special 
      Meeting”) of CSX Corporation (the “Company”) 
      announced on February 14, 2017 and the election of a slate of director 
      nominees at the 2017 annual shareholders meeting of the Company (the “Annual 
      Meeting”). The participants in the solicitation are anticipated 
      to include MR Argent Offshore AB Ltd., MR Argent Offshore BB Ltd., MR 
      Argent Offshore CB 01 Ltd., MR Argent Offshore CB 02 Ltd., MR Argent 
      Offshore CB 03 Ltd., MR Argent Offshore CB 04 Ltd., MR Argent Offshore 
      CB 05 Ltd., MR Argent Offshore CB 07 Ltd. (collectively, the “MR 
      Funds”), MR Argent Fund CE LP, MR Argent Advisor LLC (the “Advisor”), 
      Mantle Ridge GP LLC, Mantle Ridge LP, MR Argent GP LLC, MR S and P Index 
      Annual Reports LLC (“Shareholder”) and Mr. 
      Hilal (collectively with the MR Funds, MR Argent Fund CE LP, the 
      Advisor, Mantle Ridge GP LLC, Mantle Ridge LP, MR Argent GP LLC and 
      Shareholder, the “Mantle Ridge Parties”).
    

MANTLE RIDGE STRONGLY ADVISES ALL SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY TO READ 
      THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENTS AND OTHER DOCUMENTATION RELATED TO THE 
      SOLICITATION OF PROXIES BY MANTLE RIDGE AND ITS AFFILIATES FROM 
      SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY FOR USE AT THE SPECIAL MEETING AND ANNUAL 
      MEETING WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE, BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT 
      INFORMATION, INCLUDING INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PARTICIPANTS IN SUCH 
      PROXY SOLICITATION. SUCH DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENTS, OTHER PROXY 
      MATERIALS AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTATION WILL BE AVAILABLE AT NO 
      CHARGE ON THE SEC’S WEB SITE AT HTTP://WWW.SEC.GOV. 
      IN ADDITION, MANTLE RIDGE WILL PROVIDE COPIES OF THE DEFINITIVE PROXY 
      STATEMENT AND OTHER MATERIALS WITHOUT CHARGE, WHEN AVAILABLE, UPON 
      REQUEST. REQUESTS FOR COPIES SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO D.F. KING & CO., 
      INC., 48 WALL STREET, 22ND FLOOR, NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10005 (CALL 
      COLLECT: (212) 269-5550) OR EMAIL: INFO@DFKING.COM.


      As of the date hereof, the Mantle Ridge Parties beneficially own (within 
      the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) an aggregate of 
      approximately 44,352,597 shares of common stock, $1.00 par value, of the 
      Company (the “Shares”). Of those 
      approximately 44,352,597 Shares, MR S AND P Index Annual Reports LLC 
      owns approximately 6 Shares in record name. As of the date hereof, MR 
      Argent Fund CE LP possesses economic exposure to an aggregate of 570,600 
      Shares due to certain cash-settled total return swap agreements. MR 
      Argent Fund CE LP also holds American-style call options to purchase 
      cash-settled total return swaps referencing an aggregate of 105,232 
      Shares.
    

      Mantle Ridge LP, as the sole member of the Advisor, which is in turn the 
      advisor to the MR Funds, may be deemed to have the shared power to vote 
      or direct the vote of (and the shared power to dispose or direct the 
      disposition of) the approximately 44,352,590 Shares held for the 
      accounts of the MR Funds and the approximately 6 Shares directly owned 
      by Shareholder and, therefore, may be deemed to be the beneficial owner 
      of such Shares. MR Argent Advisor LLC, as the advisor to, and holder of 
      100% of the noneconomic voting interests in, the MR Funds, may be deemed 
      to have the shared power to vote or direct the vote of (and the shared 
      power to dispose or direct the disposition of) the approximately 
      44,352,590 Shares held for the accounts of the MR Funds and, therefore, 
      may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of such Shares. By virtue of 
      his position as the managing member of Mantle Ridge GP LLC, the general 
      partner of Mantle Ridge LP, which is in turn the sole member of both 
      Shareholder and MR Argent Advisor LLC, the advisor to the MR Funds, Mr. 
      Hilal may be deemed to have the shared power to vote or direct the vote 
      of (and the shared power to dispose or direct the disposition of) of the 
      approximately 44,352,590 Shares held for the accounts of the MR Funds 
      and the approximately 6 Shares directly owned by Shareholder and, 
      therefore, may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of such Shares.
    




Contacts

      For U.S. MediaGasthalter & Co.:Jonathan 
      Gasthalter/Nathaniel Garnick/Amanda Klein212-257-4170orFor 
      Canadian MediaLongview Communications:Joel Shaffer / Boyd 
      Erman416-649-8006 / 416-649-8007orFor Investors:D.F. 
      King & Co., Inc.Edward McCarthy, 212-269-5550
    














Contacts

      For U.S. MediaGasthalter & Co.:Jonathan 
      Gasthalter/Nathaniel Garnick/Amanda Klein212-257-4170orFor 
      Canadian MediaLongview Communications:Joel Shaffer / Boyd 
      Erman416-649-8006 / 416-649-8007orFor Investors:D.F. 
      King & Co., Inc.Edward McCarthy, 212-269-5550
    








 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












 



Mantle Ridge Sends Letter to CSX Board | Business Wire


























































Mantle Ridge Sends Letter to CSX Board






February 16, 2017 06:02 PM Eastern Standard Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Mantle Ridge LP (“Mantle Ridge”), an investment firm that owns 
      approximately 4.9% of the outstanding common shares of CSX Corp. 
      (NASDAQ:CSX) (the “Company”), today sent the following letter to the CSX 
      Board of Directors.
    


      February 16, 2017
    

      Edward J. Kelly, IIIPresiding DirectorCSX Corporation500 
      Water Street, 15th FloorJacksonville, FL 32202
    

      Dear Ned:
    

      I read with interest your press release announcing a special meeting to 
      poll shareholders on their views about our proposals.
    

      Hunter and I are committed exclusively to finding ways to maximize 
      shareholder value here. We know that the Board shares this objective.
    

      Because every day’s delay in beginning to implement Precision Scheduled 
      Railroading (PSR) under conditions that enable its success costs the 
      Company dearly, it is in the shareholders’ best interest that we 
      promptly resolve this through negotiation rather than wait months. 
      Continuing the exploration for common ground makes sense. As I have said 
      in my earliest communications with you, and in each correspondence 
      since, I am convinced there is ample room for agreement. We have been 
      standing by since last week for constructive counterproposals and we are 
      ready to discuss them as they arrive.
    

      Early on in this process, I explained that we were looking to you to 
      help us shape a solution that the Board would embrace, and that would 
      best advance the shareholders’ objective of a swift and certain 
      transformation. I made that clear in my January 24th letter 
      to the Board. The relevant passage is below:
    

“You Are Necessarily the Leader of this Process


      For a variety of reasons, you are uniquely positioned to lead: you know 
      the Company, the people, and the dynamics at the Board and in the 
      executive ranks; you have had dealings with me, and you know Hunter by 
      reputation; you have engineered countless deals; and you have been 
      through a somewhat similar (but the differences are greater than the 
      similarities) experience in the past. We seek your guidance in 
      supporting your leadership.”
    

      We remain hopeful, Ned, that you and we can together craft a solution 
      that works for all. If so the shareholder wins big.
    

      In the spirit of continuing to engage with you pending the special 
      meeting, I thought it would be useful for me to give you some high-level 
      input on what you said in the press release, to discuss process, and a 
      proposed path forward.
    

Governance


      The press release suggests that Mantle Ridge is looking for “substantial 
      board representation.” In fact, we are requesting only a single Mantle 
      Ridge representative on the Board (me). Neither Hunter nor the other 
      Board slots we discussed represents Mantle Ridge in any way.
    

      The press release goes on to say that Mantle Ridge wants to designate 
      six directors and suggests that granting our ask would grant us 
      effective control. In fact, you and I were engaged in a process to 
      identify high quality independent people that the Board and Mantle Ridge 
      could embrace. As part of that process, I gave you a list (including 
      lengthy bios) of 11 exceptional individuals with broad and relevant 
      experience. None of them has any relationship with me outside of my 
      efforts to recharge the CSX Board. Each one is entirely 
      independent of me and is committed to acting in the best interests of 
      all of the shareholders. Each one would make a superb board member.
    

      You indicated to me that you were impressed with the list. You agreed 
      that the Board would not consider any of the people on the list 
      surrogates of mine, or anything but truly independent and qualified. I 
      offered to arrange for you and the governance committee to meet any or 
      all of the candidates. You assured me that there was no need to do that, 
      since you were confident that together we could settle on people from 
      that list once we settled on the other issues.
    

      Why are we asking that new directors be added? As we’ve discussed, 
      Precision Scheduled Railroading requires dramatic operational and 
      cultural change. Change like that starts at the top, with significant 
      new blood on the Board not wed to the old ways or legacy decisions and 
      with no ties to any previous strategy or any one. The messaging to all 
      concerned constituencies that the external change agent – Hunter – is 
      coming in with very substantial support empowers Hunter. Conversely, 
      without enormous board support, the outcome and rate of the 
      transformation will be at risk. As Hunter said in our own press release, 
      “if we create the right conditions for success, we have the best chances 
      for success.”
    

      When I mentioned “conditions for success,” you asked what that means. I 
      explained to you and the rest of the Board that the conditions at CP 
      were ideal (from early on during the transformation, new independent 
      directors comprised a majority of the board). But I also said I think 
      that something less than that would be workable at CSX and that I was 
      open to exploring any proposals that you suggested could work. More 
      generally, I have said repeatedly, that my view of how well a proposed 
      governance deal will affect Hunter’s ability to succeed is based on an 
      assessment of roll-offs, additions, and board roles/committees. No one 
      of these dimensions can be considered on its own. They are a package. It 
      is a balancing act. And different packages and permutations can work. 
      The question before us is which package or permutation is acceptable to 
      the Board, and sufficiently empowers Hunter to deliver for the 
      shareholders.
    

      I must confess, however, I was made somewhat cautious during this 
      process. The Board’s letter to Hunter proposed that he be hired for only 
      two years, not the four we explained was necessary. This raised concerns 
      relating to the Board’s commitment to the transformation. That lack of 
      commitment could create material risk to the timely and successful 
      implementation of PSR. Having lived this, I cannot overemphasize the 
      risk this brings to our delivering to shareholders the swift and certain 
      transformation they want and expect.
    

      With that in mind, I told you that the addition of three independent 
      directors the Board offered was better than its initial offer of two. I 
      suggested you take four back for consideration.
    

      I also made clear that I was open to different approaches concerning how 
      quickly the Board size comes down. I note that Tuesday’s press release 
      could be read to say we were looking for the Board to drop down to 12 
      after John Breaux ages out in 2018. I never made that ask, and in fact I 
      had just assumed that the reconstituted Board would find a replacement 
      when he chooses to step down. I said that I considered Mr. Breaux a 
      valuable member of the Board and explicitly said more than once that a 
      retirement age cap should not get in the way of his continuing to serve 
      for many years if that was his preference. I continue to hope he stays 
      for a while.
    

      Similarly, when we discussed committee composition and leadership, I 
      gave you my thoughts but made clear that when the time comes we would 
      sit down and agree on a list. I said that it made sense for the new 
      directors to occupy a minority of the committee chairs. I explained that 
      the committees that were most important for the transformation to 
      succeed were Governance and Compensation and that it made sense that two 
      of the independents occupy those.
    

      For avoidance of doubt, Mantle Ridge has been seeking to add to the 
      Board only one representative, plus Hunter, plus independent people. The 
      sole prism through which we should evaluate the number of new directors 
      that should be added to the Board is the best interests of the Company. 
      That the board restructuring we are discussing comes in connection with 
      an activist whose holdings are 5% of the Company, or 1%, or 15% is 
      irrelevant. The size and nature of the restructuring should be solely a 
      function of the shareholders’ best interests, which I think you agree 
      requires installing Hunter and creating the conditions for him to 
      succeed. No other consideration – the size of the proposing shareholder 
      or otherwise – should be a factor. Mantle Ridge is in no way seeking or 
      gaining control, and remains open to discussions about the details. This 
      is not a “battle for control”.
    

Compensation


      The press release suggests that Hunter is asking for a $300 million 
      compensation package. In our view, that’s a major mischaracterization. 
      Regrettably, it has confused the shareholders.
    

      Hunter’s compensation package adds up to approximately $32 million per 
      year for four years, of which approximately $20 million per year is 
      explicitly performance based and should therefore be discounted in the 
      customary and substantial way performance based grants normally get 
      discounted for compensation and accounting purposes.
    

      In addition to Hunter’s compensation package, there is a one-time cost 
      of extraction from CP (i.e., the value Hunter forfeited in order to free 
      him up from his two-year non-compete and allow him to work at CSX), 
      which should not be viewed as compensation. That cost is $84 million 
      plus a gross up of somewhere between $0 and $23 million (depending on 
      Hunter’s tax position). Importantly, as you know, in no way does Mantle 
      Ridge receive any economic gain from this arrangement. As a matter of 
      fact, Mantle Ridge’s investors assumed this liability to effect the 
      release of Mr. Harrison from his non-compete and make him available to 
      solve CSX’s succession problem. This just covers that cost.
    

      Aside from our different ways of characterizing the one-time cost of 
      extraction, the main difference between our number and yours is the 
      value of the option grant. The $160 million referenced in the Company’s 
      press release confuses the matter. That figure does not fairly represent 
      the economic cost of this package to the Company, or its value to 
      Hunter. And it should not be the basis for evaluating the package.
    

      As you and I discussed, in our view the proper way to think about that 
      value is to view it against the unaffected stock price of $36.88 rather 
      than today’s “Hunter rally” price. The market has already baked in 
      anticipated strong execution by Hunter worth $10 per share and, since 
      his strike price will be based on the inflated date-of-grant price, 
      Hunter will receive no in-the-money value for that first $10 per share 
      of his value creation. For this reason, we believe the economically 
      correct view is that he was granted an option that is $10 per share out 
      of the money on the day of grant. Viewed that way, the Black-Scholes 
      value of the grant is only $78 million, and half of that grant is 
      performance based (based on goals that no other CEO in this industry has 
      reached) and as such should be accounted for at a large discount. It 
      only has meaningful value if Hunter knocks the cover off the ball, in 
      which case the magnitude of the package would be de minimis relative to 
      the value he uniquely could create. And it would certainly be deserved.
    

      This is the correct characterization of the economic cost of the package 
      to shareholders and the economic value to Hunter. We had discussed this 
      verbally a couple of times and you seemed to follow the analysis and 
      accept the conclusion.
    

      Importantly, because under the proposal Hunter’s options are so far out 
      of the money relative to the pre-Hunter price, it is important that we 
      never lose sight of the fact that his package is worth very little 
      unless he performs spectacularly.
    

      As with the governance proposal, we are looking for your guidance in 
      shaping a deal that works for all.
    

Process


      Ned, a lot of the points you raised in the press release could easily 
      have been addressed through continued back and forth, but the back and 
      forth stopped. Hunter and I (and our counsel) repeatedly asked for a 
      counter on the compensation and governance terms, but we never received 
      one. Instead, we have a special meeting that will distract current 
      management and – more importantly – will delay roll out of PSR and 
      disrupt the Company’s operations. When you compare this cost with the 
      cost of the questions at issue, it becomes clear that the Board should 
      redouble its effort to get a settlement. Again, you are clearly the best 
      party to get us there, and we continue to look to you for guidance on 
      proposals that would work.
    

      With that in mind, as you and I gear up for the special meeting, I 
      remain open to engaging constructively with you in a way that could 
      bring this to a more rapid and satisfactory close for the shareholders.
    

Proposal


      Over the last 24 hours, I have spoken to many shareholders of the 
      Company. Without exception, they share our eagerness to get Hunter into 
      the seat as quickly as possible under conditions for success that would 
      enable him replicate the CP transformation. They agree that the cost to 
      the Company of delaying this outcome until a Special Meeting gets 
      scheduled in April, or possibly later, is dear. None of us wants to wait.
    

      I would ask the Board to consider the clarification of the underlying 
      economics of Hunter’s compensation package we provide above and to 
      reconsider whether they can consider accepting it, or at least providing 
      a counter proposal.
    

      Concerning the governance proposal, this is a soft and tricky exercise 
      in judgment that balances additions, roll-offs, and roles/committees. If 
      the Board can commit to a process that promptly gets us to a four-year 
      deal with Hunter, that will in my mind be a sufficient gesture of 
      commitment that we can go forward with the addition of me and Hunter and 
      three of the independent directors (rather than the four in our last 
      proposal), with continued discussion concerning roll-offs, committee 
      composition, and roles.
    

      Ned, we have come a long way. We are close. We owe it to the 
      shareholders to get a deal done promptly. Let’s do it. If you are 
      willing, we are glad to meet in person and hammer this out this weekend, 
      hopefully delivering good news to the shareholders early next week.
    

      As before, I've taken the liberty of copying the other members of the 
      Board as well as Ms. Fitzsimmons. Ms. Fitzsimmons, please pass on copies 
      of this letter to every other Board member.
    

      Very truly yours,
    

      Paul HilalCEOMantle Ridge LP
    





           
        

           
        

           
        





          Cc:
        







          Donna M. Alvarado
        











          John B. Breaux
        











          Pamela L. Carter
        











          Steven T. Halverson
        











          Edward J. Kelly, III
        











          John D. McPherson
        











          David M. Moffett
        











          Timothy T. O'Toole
        











          David M. Ratcliffe
        











          Donald J. Shepard
        











          Michael J. Ward
        











          J. Steven Whisler
        











          Ellen Fitzsimmons, Corporate Secretary
        











           
        



About Mantle Ridge LP


      Mantle Ridge is a private investment firm founded by Paul Hilal. Mantle 
      Ridge seeks to help create enduring value, and believes that 
      constructive and cooperative engagement between boards, management 
      teams, and engaged shareholders is the best means to achieving that goal.
    

      Mantle Ridge’s approach is informed by extensive research and a depth of 
      experience in value investing, activist engagements, corporate 
      governance, and business operations, in the context of diverse sector 
      expertise. For more information, go to www.mantleridge.com.
    

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS


      This press release contains forward-looking statements within the 
      meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and 
      Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended, the “Exchange 
      Act”), regarding, among other things, Mantle Ridge’s plans to 
      distribute a definitive proxy statement, as well as the benefits of 
      Precision Scheduled Railroading (and the cost of delaying its 
      implementation). Such forward-looking statements involve known and 
      unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual 
      results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any 
      future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such 
      forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue 
      reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the 
      date thereof. Mantle Ridge undertakes no obligation to publicly release 
      the result of any revisions to these forward-looking statements that may 
      be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to 
      reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
    

CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING PARTICIPANTS


      Mantle Ridge LP (“Mantle Ridge”) and 
      certain of its affiliates intend to file with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) a proxy 
      statement and accompanying proxy card to be used to solicit proxies in 
      connection with the upcoming special meeting of shareholders (the “Special 
      Meeting”) of CSX Corporation (the “Company”) 
      announced on February 14, 2017 and the election of a slate of director 
      nominees at the 2017 annual shareholders meeting of the Company (the “Annual 
      Meeting”). The participants in the solicitation are anticipated 
      to include MR Argent Offshore AB Ltd., MR Argent Offshore BB Ltd., MR 
      Argent Offshore CB 01 Ltd., MR Argent Offshore CB 02 Ltd., MR Argent 
      Offshore CB 03 Ltd., MR Argent Offshore CB 04 Ltd., MR Argent Offshore 
      CB 05 Ltd., MR Argent Offshore CB 07 Ltd. (collectively, the “MR 
      Funds”), MR Argent Fund CE LP, MR Argent Advisor LLC (the “Advisor”), 
      Mantle Ridge GP LLC, Mantle Ridge LP, MR Argent GP LLC, MR S and P Index 
      Annual Reports LLC (“Shareholder”), Mr. 
      Hilal (collectively with the MR Funds, MR Argent Fund CE LP, the 
      Advisor, Mantle Ridge GP LLC, Mantle Ridge LP, MR Argent GP LLC and 
      Shareholder, the “Mantle Ridge Parties”) 
      and E. Hunter Harrison.
    

MANTLE RIDGE STRONGLY ADVISES ALL SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY TO READ 
      THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENTS AND OTHER DOCUMENTATION RELATED TO THE 
      SOLICITATION OF PROXIES BY MANTLE RIDGE AND ITS AFFILIATES FROM 
      SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY FOR USE AT THE SPECIAL MEETING AND ANNUAL 
      MEETING WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE, BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT 
      INFORMATION, INCLUDING INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PARTICIPANTS IN SUCH 
      PROXY SOLICITATION. SUCH DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENTS, OTHER PROXY 
      MATERIALS AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTATION WILL BE AVAILABLE AT NO 
      CHARGE ON THE SEC’S WEB SITE AT HTTP://WWW.SEC.GOV. 
      IN ADDITION, MANTLE RIDGE WILL PROVIDE COPIES OF THE DEFINITIVE PROXY 
      STATEMENT AND OTHER MATERIALS WITHOUT CHARGE, WHEN AVAILABLE, UPON 
      REQUEST. REQUESTS FOR COPIES SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO D.F. KING & CO., 
      INC., 48 WALL STREET, 22ND FLOOR, NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10005 (CALL 
      COLLECT: (212) 269-5550) OR EMAIL: INFO@DFKING.COM.


      As of the date hereof, the Mantle Ridge Parties beneficially own (within 
      the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) an aggregate of 
      approximately 44,352,597 shares of common stock, $1.00 par value, of the 
      Company (the “Shares”). Of those 
      approximately 44,352,597 Shares, MR S AND P Index Annual Reports LLC 
      owns approximately 6 Shares in record name. As of the date hereof, MR 
      Argent Fund CE LP possesses economic exposure to an aggregate of 570,600 
      Shares due to certain cash-settled total return swap agreements. MR 
      Argent Fund CE LP also holds American-style call options to purchase 
      cash-settled total return swaps referencing an aggregate of 105,232 
      Shares.
    

      Mantle Ridge LP, as the sole member of the Advisor, which is in turn the 
      advisor to the MR Funds, may be deemed to have the shared power to vote 
      or direct the vote of (and the shared power to dispose or direct the 
      disposition of) the approximately 44,352,590 Shares held for the 
      accounts of the MR Funds and the approximately 6 Shares directly owned 
      by Shareholder and, therefore, may be deemed to be the beneficial owner 
      of such Shares. MR Argent Advisor LLC, as the advisor to, and holder of 
      100% of the noneconomic voting interests in, the MR Funds, may be deemed 
      to have the shared power to vote or direct the vote of (and the shared 
      power to dispose or direct the disposition of) the approximately 
      44,352,590 Shares held for the accounts of the MR Funds and, therefore, 
      may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of such Shares. By virtue of 
      his position as the managing member of Mantle Ridge GP LLC, the general 
      partner of Mantle Ridge LP, which is in turn the sole member of both 
      Shareholder and MR Argent Advisor LLC, the advisor to the MR Funds, Mr. 
      Hilal may be deemed to have the shared power to vote or direct the vote 
      of (and the shared power to dispose or direct the disposition of) of the 
      approximately 44,352,590 Shares held for the accounts of the MR Funds 
      and the approximately 6 Shares directly owned by Shareholder and, 
      therefore, may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of such Shares.
    




Contacts

      For U.S. MediaGasthalter & Co.:Jonathan 
      Gasthalter/Nathaniel Garnick/Amanda Klein212-257-4170orFor 
      Canadian MediaLongview Communications:Joel Shaffer / Boyd 
      Erman416-649-8006 / 416-649-8007orFor Investors:D.F. 
      King & Co., Inc.Edward McCarthy, 212-269-5550
    














Contacts

      For U.S. MediaGasthalter & Co.:Jonathan 
      Gasthalter/Nathaniel Garnick/Amanda Klein212-257-4170orFor 
      Canadian MediaLongview Communications:Joel Shaffer / Boyd 
      Erman416-649-8006 / 416-649-8007orFor Investors:D.F. 
      King & Co., Inc.Edward McCarthy, 212-269-5550
    








 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












  Major Investments - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan                                        Major Investments                                       Our Investments Valued At More Than $150 Million  We annually disclose individual investments that exceed $150 million. Even though $150 million represents  less than 0.1% of our total fund, we choose it as a reporting threshold to give plan members and others greater insight into the diversity of our asset base.  As Responsible Investors, we invest broadly by asset type and geographic region in our search to earn the best risk-adjusted returns for plan members.  All data as at December 31, 2016  Fixed Income and Short-term Investments Over $150 Million      Type  Maturity  Coupon (%)  Fair Value ($ millions)  Cost ($ millions)      Government of Canada bonds  2017-2064  0.00-9.00  $ 29,756  $ 28,454    Securities purchased under agreements to resell  2017-2017  -1.50-1.25  27,910  27,621    Provincial bonds  2018-2048  1.20-8.50  8,307  8,043    International corporate bonds  2017-2053  0.00-13.00  7,047  7,023    Canada treasury bills  2017-2017  0.00-0.00  4,606  4,604    Bank notes  2017-2017  0.00-0.55  3,420  3,408    International sovereign debt  2018-2060  0.00-26.38  2,655  2,909    Commercial paper  2017-2017  0.00-0.00  1,405  1,402    Canadian corporate bonds  2017-2043  0.00-14.00  956  950    International agency bonds  2017-2024  3.13-8.25  376  375    Commercial paper issued  2017-2017  0.00-1.40  (9,120)  (8,935)    U.S. treasury bonds  2017-2046  0.63-6.25  (10,084)  (8,559)    Securities sold under agreements to repurchase  2017-2017  -0.40-2.10  (47,422)  (47,131)     Real-Return Investments Over $150 Million      Type  Maturity  Coupon (%)  Fair Value ($ millions)  Cost ($ millions)      Real-return Canada bonds  2021-2047  1.25-4.25  $ 16,686  $ 12,966    U.S. treasury inflation protection   2017-2044  0.13-3.88  10,153  6,976    Real-return provincial bonds  2021-2036  2.00-4.50  1,925  1,243    Real-return Canadian corporate bonds  2021-2046  0.00-5.33  1,675  700     Corporate Shares/Units Over $150 Million      Security Name  Shares (millions)  Fair Value ($ millions)      The Macerich Company  23.3  $2,212.2     iShares MSCI Emerging Markets Index  37.5   1,755.4     Multiplan Empreendimentos Imobiliarios S.A.  54.8  1,302.5    Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.  0.2  468.8    Sprint Corporation  34.7  392.2    Alphabet Inc.  0.3   343.4    Hudson's Bay Company  23.0  304.8    JPMorgan Chase & Co.*  2.4   273.0    American International Group, Inc.  3.1  272.3    Level 3 Communications, Inc.  3.1  236.0    Microsoft Corporation  2.7  226.4    General Motors Company  4.8  225.2    Aircastle Limited  7.9  220.5    SoftBank Group Corp.  2.4  209.9    Nissan Shatai Co., Ltd.  15.7  205.6    TMX Group Limited  2.8  203.4    FedEx Corp.  0.8  194.8    LafargeHolcim Ltd.  2.7  189.3    Athene Holding Ltd.  3.2  185.1    XPO Logistics, Inc.  3.2  183.7    Tencent Holdings Limited  5.4  176.0    Sony Corporation  4.7   175.7     EXOR N.V.  3.0  171.1    Daimler AG  1.7  166.7    Comcast Corporation  1.7   162.4     Chubb Limited  0.9  160.8    Citigroup Inc.  2.0  159.5    Nokia Corporation  24.3  157.7    Facebook, Inc.  1.0  156.9    Lloyds Banking Group plc  150.8  156.2    Wells Fargo & Company*  2.6  153.2    Nestlé S.A.  1.6   153.0     *Includes fair market value of warrants.  Real Estate Properties Over $150 Million     Property  Total Square Footage (thousands)  Effective % Ownership       Canadian Regional Shopping Centres       Champlain Place, Dieppe  850  100%    Chinook Centre, Calgary  1,419  100%    Fairview Mall, Toronto  875  50%    Fairview Park Mall, Kitchener  747  100%    Fairview Pointe Claire, Montreal  1,045  50%    Le Carrefour Laval, Montreal  1,435  100%    Les Galeries D'Anjou, Montreal  1,351  50%    Les Promenades St. Bruno, Montreal  1,132  100%    Lime Ridge Mall, Hamilton  806  100%    Market Mall, Calgary  934  50%    Markville Shopping Centre, Markham  1,017  100%    Masonville Place, London  637  100%    Pacific Centre, Vancouver  1,070  100%    Polo Park Mall, Winnipeg  1,199  100%    Richmond Centre, Richmond  795  50%    Rideau Centre, Ottawa  1,403  100%    Sherway Gardens, Toronto  1,263  100%    Shops at Don Mills, Toronto  468  100%    The Promenade, Toronto   706  100%    Toronto-Dominion Centre, Toronto  158  70%    Toronto Eaton Centre, Toronto  2,903  100%     Canadian Office Properties          City Centre Office, Calgary  853  100%    Deloitte Tower, Montreal  515  100%    Granville Square, Vancouver  403  100%    HSBC Building, Vancouver  395  100%    Pacific Centre Office Complex, Vancouver  1,820  100%    PricewaterhouseCoopers Place, Vancouver  241  100%    RBC Centre, Toronto  1,223  50%    Shell Centre, Calgary  693  100%    Toronto-Dominion Centre Office Complex, Toronto  4,425  70%    Toronto Eaton Centre Office Complex, Toronto  1,845  100%    Waterfront Centre, Vancouver  402  100%    Yonge Corporate Centre, Toronto  668  100%      Private Companies and Partnerships Over $150 Million   24 Hour Fitness Worldwide Inc.  AEA Investors Fund V LP  Aethon Energy Management LLC  Alliance Laundry Systems, LLC  Apollo Overseas Partners (Delaware 892) VI, L.P.  Apollo Overseas Partners (Delaware 892) VIII, L.P.  Apollo Special Situations Fund, L.P.  AQR Offshore Multi-Strategy Fund VII Ltd.  Ares Corporate Opportunities Fund III, L.P.  Ares Corporate Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.  Aroona Farms SA Pty Ltd  Ascend Learning Holdings, LLC  Asia Opportunity Fund III, L.P.  Automobile Protection Corporation  Autopista Arco Norte, S.A. de CV  Baldr Fund Inc.  Baybridge Seniors Housing Inc.  BDCM Offshore Opportunity Fund II, Ltd.  Birmingham International Airport  BluEarth Renewables Inc.  Bridgewater Pure Alpha Fund II Ltd.  Bristol Airport Limited  BroadStreet Capital Partners, Inc.  Busy Bees Benefits Holdings Limited  Camelot Group plc  Canada Guaranty Mortgage Insurance Company  Canbriam Energy, Inc.  Catalina Holdings (Bermuda) Ltd.  Catterton Partners VII, L.P.  Cerberus OT Partners, L.P.  Constellation Brands Canada, Inc.  Copenhagen Airport A/S  Coway Holdings, Inc.  CPG International Inc.  CSC ServiceWorks Holdings, Inc.  Cubico Sustainable Investments Limited  DaVinciRe Holdings Ltd.  DTZ Jersey Holdings Ltd.  EdgeMarc Energy Holdings, LLC  Empresa de Servicios Sanitarios del Bio-Bio S.A.  Esval S.A.  Euclid Fund  Exal International Limited  FAPS Holdings, Inc..  Fifth Cinven Fund (No.6) Limited Partnership  Flexera Holdings, L.P.  Flynn Restaurant Group LLC  FMAP CIM Limited  FMAP PCM Limited  FMAP WMC Limited  FountainVest China Growth Fund II, L.P.  FountainVest China Growth Fund, L.P.  GCT Global Container Terminals Inc.  Hancock Timber Resource Group  HayFin Topaz L.P.  Heartland Dental Care, Inc.  Helly Hansen Group AS  Heritage Royalty Limited Partnership  HS1 Limited  Hudson Catastrophe Fund, Ltd.  Imperial Parking Corporation  Infiltrator Systems, Inc.  InterGen N.V.  Irish National Lottery  Kepos Alpha Fund Ltd.  Koole Tankstorage Zaandam B.V.  Kyobo Life Insurance Co., Ltd.  Lancaster Aircraft Leasing Limited Partnership  LMAP 902 Limited  LMAP 903 Limited  LMAP 904 Limited  LMAP 909  LMAP Chi Limited  London City Airport  Lowell Group Limited  MBK Partners Fund II, L.P.  MBK Partners III, L.P.  MR Argent Offshore Fund AB L.P.  MSB Capital Limited  Munchkin, Inc.  Nextgen Group Holdings Pty Limited  Nuevosur, S.A.  NXT Capital Holdings, L.P.  OGF SA  OLE Media Management, L.P.  Orbis Institutional Global Equity L.P.  PAG Asia I L.P.  PetVet Care Centers, Inc.  PhyMed Healthcare Group  Plano Molding Company  Polar Multi-Strategy Fund (Legacy)  Providence Equity Partners VI L.P.  Providence Equity Partners VII-A L.P.  RedBird Capital Partners Platform L.P.  Resource Management Service Inc.  Riverbed Technology, Inc  Scotia Gas Networks plc  SeaCube Container Leasing Ltd.  Serta Simmons Holdings, LLC  Shearer's Foods, Inc.  Silver Lake Partners III, L.P.  Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P.  Skyway Concession Company LLC  Sociedad Austral de Electricidad S.A.  Solus Offshore Opportunities Fund 5 L.P.  Storapod Holding Company, Inc.  Sydney Desalination Plant Pty Limited  Synlab Limited  TDR Capital II 'B', L.P.  Terranum Corporate Properties  The Brussels Airport Company  TierPoint, LLC  TP Partners Fund, L.P.  Trian Partners Co-Investment Opportunities Fund, L.P.  Trian Partners, Ltd.  Univision Communications Inc.  ValueAct Capital International II, L.P.  Westerleigh Group Holdings Limited  Woodspur Farming LLC                      Overview Performance Major Investments Benchmarks Investment Strategy Responsible Investing Asset Groups Investment Teams Partners in Opportunity                                Corporate       Investments       News       Members       Careers                           Member Sign-In  Change your password Switch accounts Sign out     Home   Contact   Careers    Français   Smaller FontLarger Font          Home   Contact   Careers   Legal & Privacy   Resources   Site Map    Français                  Mantle Ridge Comments on CSX’s Decision to Call Special Meeting of ShareholdersHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 3 hrs 2 minsS&P Futures2,476.00+2.00 (+0.08%)Dow Futures21,578.00+18.00 (+0.08%)Nasdaq Futures5,933.50-0.25 (-0.00%)Mantle Ridge Comments on CSX’s Decision to Call Special Meeting of ShareholdersBusiness WireFebruary 15, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareNEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Mantle Ridge LP (“Mantle Ridge”), an investment firm formed by Paul Hilal, which owns approximately 4.9% of the outstanding common shares of CSX Corp. (CSX) (the “Company”), today responded to the announcement that CSX will hold a special meeting of shareholders.Paul Hilal, Founder and CEO of Mantle Ridge, said, “We are pleased that CSX agrees that change is needed, and note that CSX enjoyed a $10.4 billion increase in market value since January 18, 2017 reflecting optimism that Mr. Harrison may join as Chief Executive Officer, and effect a transformation of CSX to a Precision Scheduled Railroading model. We have been engaged in constructive dialogue with CSX’s Board for several weeks. While we had hoped to reach a negotiated agreement, we appreciate that CSX shareholders will have the opportunity to make their voices heard on the optimal governance and compensation structure that will create the conditions for a successful transformation. We remain fully confident in a favorable outcome for CSX and its shareholders and are excited for the future.”Hunter Harrison added, “If we create the right conditions for success, we have the best chances for success.”About Mantle Ridge LPMantle Ridge is a private investment firm founded by Paul Hilal. Mantle Ridge seeks to help create enduring value, and believes that constructive and cooperative engagement between boards, management teams, and engaged shareholders is the best means to achieving that goal.Mantle Ridge’s approach is informed by extensive research and a depth of experience in value investing, activist engagements, corporate governance, and business operations, in the context of diverse sector expertise. For more information, go to www.mantleridge.com.FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended, the “Exchange Act”), regarding, among other things, Mantle Ridge’s plans to distribute a definitive proxy statement. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date thereof. Mantle Ridge undertakes no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to these forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING PARTICIPANTSMantle Ridge LP (“Mantle Ridge”) and certain of its affiliates intend to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) a proxy statement and accompanying proxy card to be used to solicit proxies in connection with the upcoming special meeting of shareholders (the “Special Meeting”) of CSX Corporation (the “Company”) announced on February 14, 2017 and the election of a slate of director nominees at the 2017 annual shareholders meeting of the Company (the “Annual Meeting”). The participants in the solicitation are anticipated to include MR Argent Offshore AB Ltd., MR Argent Offshore BB Ltd., MR Argent Offshore CB 01 Ltd., MR Argent Offshore CB 02 Ltd., MR Argent Offshore CB 03 Ltd., MR Argent Offshore CB 04 Ltd., MR Argent Offshore CB 05 Ltd., MR Argent Offshore CB 07 Ltd. (collectively, the “MR Funds”), MR Argent Fund CE LP, MR Argent Advisor LLC (the “Advisor”), Mantle Ridge GP LLC, Mantle Ridge LP, MR Argent GP LLC, MR S and P Index Annual Reports LLC (“Shareholder”) and Mr. Hilal (collectively with the MR Funds, MR Argent Fund CE LP, the Advisor, Mantle Ridge GP LLC, Mantle Ridge LP, MR Argent GP LLC and Shareholder, the “Mantle Ridge Parties”).MANTLE RIDGE STRONGLY ADVISES ALL SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY TO READ THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENTS AND OTHER DOCUMENTATION RELATED TO THE SOLICITATION OF PROXIES BY MANTLE RIDGE AND ITS AFFILIATES FROM SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY FOR USE AT THE SPECIAL MEETING AND ANNUAL MEETING WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE, BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION, INCLUDING INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PARTICIPANTS IN SUCH PROXY SOLICITATION. SUCH DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENTS, OTHER PROXY MATERIALS AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTATION WILL BE AVAILABLE AT NO CHARGE ON THE SEC’S WEB SITE AT HTTP://WWW.SEC.GOV. IN ADDITION, MANTLE RIDGE WILL PROVIDE COPIES OF THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER MATERIALS WITHOUT CHARGE, WHEN AVAILABLE, UPON REQUEST. REQUESTS FOR COPIES SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO D.F. KING & CO., INC., 48 WALL STREET, 22ND FLOOR, NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10005 (CALL COLLECT: (212) 269-5550) OR EMAIL: INFO@DFKING.COM.Read MoreAs of the date hereof, the Mantle Ridge Parties beneficially own (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) an aggregate of approximately 44,352,597 shares of common stock, $1.00 par value, of the Company (the “Shares”). Of those approximately 44,352,597 Shares, MR S AND P Index Annual Reports LLC owns approximately 6 Shares in record name. As of the date hereof, MR Argent Fund CE LP possesses economic exposure to an aggregate of 570,600 Shares due to certain cash-settled total return swap agreements. MR Argent Fund CE LP also holds American-style call options to purchase cash-settled total return swaps referencing an aggregate of 105,232 Shares.Mantle Ridge LP, as the sole member of the Advisor, which is in turn the advisor to the MR Funds, may be deemed to have the shared power to vote or direct the vote of (and the shared power to dispose or direct the disposition of) the approximately 44,352,590 Shares held for the accounts of the MR Funds and the approximately 6 Shares directly owned by Shareholder and, therefore, may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of such Shares. MR Argent Advisor LLC, as the advisor to, and holder of 100% of the noneconomic voting interests in, the MR Funds, may be deemed to have the shared power to vote or direct the vote of (and the shared power to dispose or direct the disposition of) the approximately 44,352,590 Shares held for the accounts of the MR Funds and, therefore, may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of such Shares. By virtue of his position as the managing member of Mantle Ridge GP LLC, the general partner of Mantle Ridge LP, which is in turn the sole member of both Shareholder and MR Argent Advisor LLC, the advisor to the MR Funds, Mr. Hilal may be deemed to have the shared power to vote or direct the vote of (and the shared power to dispose or direct the disposition of) of the approximately 44,352,590 Shares held for the accounts of the MR Funds and the approximately 6 Shares directly owned by Shareholder and, therefore, may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of such Shares.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170214006588/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextChina's army looks like it's getting ready for something big to go down in North KoreaBusiness InsiderEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredDonald Trump thinks Jeff Bezos is his biggest threatYahoo FinanceConservative media outlets are sending Trump a big warning on Jeff Sessions — and Trump is paying attentionBusiness InsiderEconomists answer, are we at full employment?Yahoo Finance VideoWomen Everywhere Should Carry This Tiny DeviceSiren SongSponsoredFacebook earnings, Fed announcement — What you need to know in markets on WednesdayYahoo FinanceSenate opens 'Obamacare' debate at last but outcome in doubtAssociated PressHere's Trump's approval rating in every stateBusiness InsiderA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredSenate Judiciary Committee withdraws subpoena for ManafortAssociated PressFormer Obama official weighs in on Trump's plan to bring back manufacturing jobsYahoo Finance VideoWhy Mark Zuckerberg and Elon Musk are fightingYahoo FinanceSmall space, big style, right price.Pottery BarnSponsoredFix My Finances: I borrowed from my 401(k)Yahoo FinanceA conspiracy theory about Chipotle is gaining steamBusiness InsiderReport: NKorea's missile program farther along than believedKJP: Clinton did nothing.  Bush did nothing.  Obama did nothing.  The day of reckoning is at hand.Join the Conversation1 / 5788














Home - Investment Management and Research firm | AB















































  









  







KEEPING YOU AHEAD OF TOMORROW®








 




 



  



















Moving Forward, Together
Corporate Responsibility at AB
Read More








AHEAD OF TOMORROW®


50th Anniversary
Celebrating 50 Years of keeping clients AHEAD OF TOMORROW®

Read More






Our Culture

ADVANCING DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
We are committed to building a culture of diverse perspectives and talent that will lead us into the future.

Watch the Video












CAREERS
YOUR FUTURE BEGINS HERE
Explore career paths and opportunities at AB.


Learn More





INVESTOR RELATIONS
QUARTERLY EARNINGS RELEASE
Review our most recent Quarterly Earnings.


Read More







FOLLOW US
























SUBSCRIBE TO CONTEXT / THE AB BLOG










Sign Up 















Facebook


Twitter


LinkedIn


Connect with AB





















{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}}




{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}}






{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}} 













Close
















Garda Capital Partners | Where Core Values Fuel Performance




























Loading...





















































                               where core values fuel performance


Expertise in deploying relative value strategies
                            
                            across developed Fixed Income Markets

















ABOUT US

                                        Culture | Integrity | Commitment
                                    






                                    Garda Capital Partners is an independently owned asset management firm specializing in global alternative investment strategies from our offices in Minneapolis, New York, Geneva, and Copenhagen.
                                    






Garda was established by a committed team of professionals to provide sophisticated institutional investors access to our focused fixed income strategies.


We believe long-term performance is fueled by a culture of uncompromising integrity as well as open and transparent partnerships with investors, counterparties and employees.


Our investment process is highly disciplined, with clearly defined objectives and risk thresholds for portfolio construction, and risk management that is simultaneously independent and integrated.












Strategy

                                        Culture | Integrity | Commitment
                                    
















                                The Investment
                                
                                Experience
                            





                                Relative
                                
                                Value Trading
                            





                                Inflation Index
                                
                                Levered Replication
                            












                                                We have navigated various market cycles profitably for our investors every year since inception of our first fund in 2003. Garda was established by a team of experienced industry professionals committed to a common goal.
                                            



                                       “We invest heavily on the front end of any partnership to ensure it’s a good fit for each of us.  We work closely with our investors and their advisors to make sure they understand the nature of the opportunities that we pursue, our investment philosophy, and how we utilize leverage to implement our strategies.  It is equally imperative that we are confident that we can deliver on the investors’ stated long term investment objectives.”
                                       

                                       – Jeff Drobny, Chief Executive Officer and CIO












                                                Garda’s relative value fixed income strategies seek to capture opportunities in interest rate disparities across global markets and sovereign debt instruments in developed fixed income markets.
                                            



                                        The performance objective of these strategies is to produce consistent positive returns throughout varying market cycles while delivering results that are not correlated to broader market segments. We utilize proprietary analysis to identify the opportunities which may arise from supply and demand imbalances in sovereign bonds, segmentation between markets such as interest rate futures, cash bonds and interest rate swaps, and diverging interest rate policies across central banks. Portfolio construction may utilize both relative value and directional strategies with typical trading themes being long/short in nature with duration hedged to isolate the idiosyncratic or secular exposure we want to pursue. The process of isolating the desired exposure makes extensive use of levered interest rate and other derivatives as well as repurchase agreements.
                                    











                                                This specialized strategy was developed as a customized solution for a strategic Garda investor.
                                            



                                         To meet the investor’s specific exposure objectives, we replicate the Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Treasury Inflation-linked Bond Index (Series L) utilizing leverage, and supplement the index performance with exposure to our relative value trading strategies.
                                    
















History

                                        Culture | Integrity | Commitment
                                    















Garda Capital Partners was founded in 2015 by Jeff Drobny, Tim Magnusson and Rob Goedken to continue the Fixed Income trading strategies which were first offered to institutional investors in 2004 by Black River Asset Management, a subsidiary of Cargill. Jeff, Tim and Rob now lead a global team of over 50 experienced industry professionals dedicated to both our investors and our vision for Garda.


As of July 1, 2017, Garda Capital Partners has over $3 billion in institutional assets under management.















Team

                                        Culture | Integrity | Commitment
                                    















                                Executive Committee
                            




                                Senior Investment Team
                            




                                Business Management Leaders
                            













                                                Jeff Drobny
                                                
                                                Managing Partner, Chief Executive Officer, CIO
                                            



                                       Mr. Drobny is the Managing Partner, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of Garda, where he provides strategic direction of the investment strategies as well as overall leadership of the firm.
Prior to co-founding Garda, Mr. Drobny launched the fixed income relative value strategies at Black River in 2003, where he was also a Principal and served as Global Head of the Relative Value and Commodity-Related hedge fund businesses. Previously, Mr. Drobny worked in Cargill’s Financial Markets Group in London, before later returning to the U.S. to oversee trading management for Cargill’s Fixed Income Arbitrage business.
Mr. Drobny graduated from Union College with a Bachelor’s degree in Economics and earned an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management.

                                    








                                                Robert Goedken
                                                
                                                Partner, Chief Operating Officer, General Counsel
                                            



                                        Mr. Goedken is a Partner, Chief Operating Officer, and General Counsel of Garda.  Mr. Goedken provides leadership for the business management and operational functions of the firm.
Prior to co-founding Garda, Mr. Goedken was the Chief Operating Officer of Black River for more than 5 years, after originally joining Black River in 2005 as its Chief Legal Officer.  From October 1995 to June 2005, Mr. Goedken was a lawyer with Cargill’s Law Department.  During his tenure, Mr. Goedken specialized in Cargill’s equipment leasing, value investment, and global capital markets businesses.
Mr. Goedken graduated from Marquette University with a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration (Finance).  He obtained his JD from the University of Minnesota Law School.








                                                Tim Magnusson
                                                
                                                Partner, Senior Portfolio Manager
                                            



                                        Mr. Magnusson is a Partner and Senior Portfolio Manager responsible for the management of Garda’s investment team and the implementation of the Fixed Income Relative Value Strategies.

Prior to co-founding Garda in 2016, Mr. Magnusson worked at Black River and its predecessor, Cargill Financial Markets. He began his career at Cargill in 1996 working within the Corporate Treasury Group. Mr. Magnusson joined the Fixed Income Relative Value Portfolio Management Team in 2000.

Following the formation of Black River in 2003, his Portfolio Management responsibilities continued to grow and in 2008, he became the Senior Portfolio Manager of the Fixed Income Relative Value Strategies.

Mr. Magnusson graduated Summa Cum Laude from Central Michigan University with a Bachelor of Science degree in Business and German. He also holds an MBA from the Thunderbird School of Global Management and is a CFA® charterholder.
                                    












                                                Matthew Abroe, PhD
                                                
                                                Portfolio Manager
                                            



Dr. Abroe is a Portfolio Manager principally responsible for Relative Value trading in global fixed income inflation markets.
Prior to joining Garda, Dr. Abroe was a Portfolio Manager at Black River Asset Management, where he traded inflation-linked securities from 2009 to 2016. Before moving into the Portfolio Management role, Dr. Abroe was a Quantitative Analyst at Black River responsible for developing systems and derivative pricing models used for analyzing fixed income markets. Dr. Abroe joined Black River in 2004 and holds a Doctorate in Physics from the University of Minnesota, and a Bachelor’s degree from Loyola University.
                                   









                                                Greg Bennett
                                                
                                                Portfolio Manager
                                            



Mr. Bennett is a Portfolio Manager responsible for trading developed rates markets with an emphasis on European interest rates and government bond markets. Mr. Bennett joined the Portfolio Management team at Garda through the Associate Development Program at Black River.  Prior to Black River, Mr. Bennett interned as a Financial Analyst at Goldman Sachs.
Mr. Bennett obtained a Bachelor’s degree with a major in Economics and European History from the University of Notre Dame.
                                   









                                                Shane Cahill
                                                
                                                Portfolio Manager
                                            



Mr. Cahill is a Portfolio Manager primarily focused on U.K. and European fixed income markets.
Mr. Cahill joined the Fixed Income Relative Value investment team in July 2013 at Black River. Prior to joining Black River, Mr. Cahill spent ten years with Goldman Sachs in London, most recently as an Executive Director in charge of the Goldman Sachs’ Gilt Franchise. In this capacity, Mr. Cahill was responsible for providing customer liquidity in various gilt and interest rate swap products in addition to sourcing attractive relative value investments for the Gilt business. Before joining the Gilt business in 2008, Mr. Cahill spent two years covering relative value hedge funds on the hedge fund sales desk (2003-2005), before joining the trading desk in 2005 to set up the London based Asian interest rate products desk (2005-2008).
Mr. Cahill graduated from University College Dublin with a first class honors degree in Commerce and German (B. Comm International).
                                   









                                                Gary Cameron
                                                
                                                Portfolio Manager
                                            



Mr. Cameron has dual responsibilities as a Portfolio Manager primarily responsible for Relative Value trading in U.S. interest rate derivative markets and as the head of Garda’s New York trading team.
Mr. Cameron joined Garda in 2016 with more than 25 years of experience trading and managing fixed income businesses in New York, London and Tokyo with his primary focus being interest rate derivative trading. Prior to joining Garda, Mr. Cameron spent more than 18 years at JP Morgan and was most recently their global Head of USD interest rate swaps, with prior leadership of USD rate trading for Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Previously, he had been the executive head of a proprietary trading group at JP Morgan and managed core European swaps trading prior to European Monetary Union. Mr. Cameron started his career in middle office for HSBC before joining their interest rate derivatives team in New York and Tokyo.  Mr. Cameron holds a Bachelors of Business Administration from the Isenberg School of Management, at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst.
                                   









                                                Ganlin Chang, PhD
                                                
                                                Portfolio Manager
                                            



Dr. Chang is a Portfolio Manager primarily responsible for Relative Value trading in global interest rate derivative markets.
Dr. Chang joined Garda in 2016 with 15 years’ experience trading and performing quantitative research in fixed income, with a specialty in interest rate derivatives.  Prior to Garda, Dr. Chang most recently spent four years as a Portfolio Manager at BlueCrest Capital Management where he traded government bonds, interest rate derivatives, and currencies. Previously, Dr. Chang spent six years as a Director in fixed income proprietary trading at Credit Suisse, and a year and a half at HBK Investment as a Portfolio Manager. He began his career at Lehman Brothers.
Dr. Chang holds a Doctorate in Finance from Columbia Business School, a Master’s degree in Physics from Columbia University, and a Bachelor’s degree from Fudan University in Shanghai, China.
                                   









                                                Conan Crum, PhD
                                                
                                                Portfolio Manager
                                            



Dr. Crum is a Portfolio Manager predominantly focused on global fixed income inflation markets.
Dr. Crum became part of the Fixed Income Relative Value investment team when he joined Black River in 2013.  Previously, Dr. Crum worked at BlackRock from 2008-2013 where he first served in their Risk and Quantitative Analysis group and then as a Portfolio Manager in BlackRock’s global inflation-linked bond business.
Dr. Crum graduated from the University of Arizona with a Bachelor’s degree in Economics and received his Doctorate in Economics from the University of Texas at Austin.
Dr. Crum is also the author of two papers in the Journal of Portfolio Management: “Reflections on Buy-Side Risk Management After (or Between) the Storms” - Summer 2010 and “Risk Management Lessons Worth Remembering from the Credit Crisis of 2007–2009” - Spring 2010.
                                   









                                                Cyrille Defolie
                                                
                                                Portfolio Manager
                                            



Mr. Defolie is a Portfolio Manager focusing on Relative Value trading in the European Markets.

Mr. Defolie has been part of the Fixed Income Relative Value investment team since 2005, when he joined Black River as a Trading Assistant. Previously, Mr. Defolie was an Analyst from 2008-2011 when he was promoted to Portfolio Manager.  Prior to joining Black River, Mr. Defolie was a Management Accountant for Cargill’s real estate investment group from 2002-2005.
Mr. Defolie graduated from the French business school of La Rochelle.  He also graduated with a Bachelor’s degree (Hons) in Finance and Economics from the Dortmund Fachhochschule in Germany.
                                   









                                                Sean Hu
                                                
                                                Portfolio Manager
                                            



Mr. Hu is a Portfolio Manager primarily focusing on Relative Value in global interest rate and mortgage backed securities. Mr. Hu joined Garda in 2017 following a nine-year career as a Trader at Citigroup Global Markets Inc. focused on US interest rate options and mortgage back securities.

Mr. Hu holds a Bachelor of Science in Financial Engineering from Columbia University.
                                   









                                                Jacob Jørgensen
                                                
                                                Portfolio Manager
                                            



Mr. Jørgensen is a Portfolio Manager focused on Relative Value trading in global interest rates, cross currency and FX basis as well as in European and Scandinavian fixed income markets.

Mr. Jørgensen joined Garda in 2017 following a 16-year career at Danske Bank, where he most recently led European rates and global swaps trading.

Mr. Jørgensen holds a Graduate Diploma in Business Administration and Finance from Aarhus School of Business.
                                   









                                                Roderick Knowles
                                                
                                                Portfolio Manager
                                            



Mr. Knowles is a Portfolio Manager primarily focused on European Relative Value trading.
Prior to joining Garda, Mr. Knowles was a Portfolio Manager at BTG Pactual in London for seven years, where he specialized in developed markets rates and foreign exchange from a relative value and macro perspective. Previously, Mr. Knowles was with Merrill Lynch in various roles from 1996-2009, including as a rates derivatives trader, equity derivatives trader, and rates strategist. Mr. Knowles also spent time as a derivatives trader at UBS and Confederation Life Insurance Toronto, and as a quantitative analyst at Citibank.
Mr. Knowles holds a Master’s degree in Mathematics from Université de Paris VI (Jussieu) and a Bachelor of Science in Physics from the University of Toronto.
                                   









                                                Peter McGarry
                                                
                                                Portfolio Manager
                                            



Mr. McGarry is a Portfolio Manager focused on Macro Relative Value opportunities across the European and U.S. interest rate spectrum.
Prior to joining Garda, Mr. McGarry was a Portfolio Manager at Black River having joined in April 2015 with over 16 years’ of prior experience trading rates, derivatives, cash and FX instruments.  He worked as a Portfolio Manager at both Bluecrest Capital and 5:15 Capital; Managing Director and Global Head of USD interest rate swaps at BNP Paribas; and Senior Dealer and Head of EUR interest rate swaps at Danske Bank.  Mr. McGarry began his career at Bank of America working as a trader and Vice President from 1998 to 2004.
Mr. McGarry holds a Bachelor’s degree in Actuarial Studies and a Master’s of Finance degree from University College Dublin.
                                   









                                                John O’Connell
                                                
                                                Portfolio Manager
                                            



Mr. O’Connell is a Portfolio Manager primarily responsible for Relative Value trading in U.S. Interest rate derivative markets.
Mr. O’Connell joined Garda in 2017 after spending over seven years at JP Morgan in various roles in both sales and trading in New York and London. Mr. O’Connell was most recently a Vice President and Head of the London USD Swaps Desk.
Mr. O’Connell holds a Bachelors of Business Administration with a concentration in Finance from the Mendoza College of Business, at the University of Notre Dame.
                                   









                                                Thomas Untidt, PhD
                                                
                                                Portfolio Manager
                                            



Dr. Untidt is a Portfolio Manager focused on Relative Value trading in global interest rates, as well as European and Scandinavian fixed income markets.

Dr. Untidt joined Garda in 2017 from Danica, a large Danish life insurance company with AUM of more than $60 billion, where he was Chief Portfolio Manager responsible for interest rate overlay strategies. Prior to Danica, Dr. Untidt spent 12 years with Nordea (Copenhagen), including as head of interest rates options trading.

Dr. Untidt holds a Doctorate in Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy, a MSc in Chemistry and Mathematics and a BCom in Finance from Aarhus University.
                                   













                                                Ted Farrell
                                                
                                                Chief Risk Officer
                                            



                                        Mr. Farrell is the Chief Risk Officer of Garda, responsible for heading the Risk Management Group and measuring and assessing risk for the fixed income relative value and inflation strategies.  Mr. Farrell joined the Fixed Income Relative Value team at Black River in 2013.  Previously, Mr. Farrell worked at Scotiabank from 2010-2013 as the Market Risk Manager for the US Rates business in New York.  Mr. Farrell began his career in 1998 with JP Morgan, spending 8 years in their Proprietary Positioning Business in a variety of roles.  From 2002-2006, Mr. Farrell was a trader on the European Rates Relative Value desk in London. Upon returning from London, he worked at Deutsche Bank in New York during the financial crisis focused on risk and valuation in the Global Markets Finance group.
Mr. Farrell graduated from The George Washington University with a B.B.A. in Finance and International Business.
                                    









                                                Dan Fisk
                                                
                                                Head of Finance and Liquidity
                                            



                                        Mr. Fisk is Garda’s Head of Finance and Liquidity, responsible for managing counterparty relationships including all financing facilities, cash management, clearing and custody infrastructure, and overall firmwide credit exposure to those counterparties.
Prior to joining Garda, Mr. Fisk served as Global Head of Hedge Fund Risk, Finance and Liquidity at Black River, having joined the firm initially as Leverage Manager in 2002.  From 1999-2002, Mr. Fisk served in an electricity trading position within Cargill’s Energy Division. Mr. Fisk originally joined Cargill in 1990 as part of the team responsible for establishing the London office of the Financial Markets Group. He held a variety of positions in London including equity trading, managing the administrative function for the London office, and providing a supervisory role for the Geneva, Moscow, Warsaw, and Istanbul locations.  Prior to joining Cargill, Mr. Fisk held various Treasury positions with Chase Manhattan Bank in London from 1987-1990.
                                    









                                                Michael Grover
                                                
                                                Head of Investor Relations
                                            



                                      Mr. Grover is Head of Investor Relations, responsible for the relationship management of current and prospective investors.
                                      Prior to joining Garda in 2016, Mr. Grover was the Head of Client Relations for EverStream Capital Management from September 2013.  Previous to that, Mr. Grover worked at Cargill starting in 1993 in the Financial Markets Group, where he spent ten years before eventually joining Black River Asset Management at its inception in 2003 to lead the capital raising and investor relations team.  Mr. Grover graduated from Albion College with a Bachelor’s degree in Economics and Management and earned an MBA in Finance from the University of Michigan.
                                    









                                                Kris Kittiko
                                                
                                                Controller
                                            



                                        Ms. Kittiko is Garda’s Controller.  In this capacity, she is responsible for managing all accounting and operations.
Prior to joining Garda, Ms. Kittiko served as Controller of Black River from 2011-2016.  Immediately prior to her tenure at Black River, Ms. Kittiko worked for CarVal Investors, where she held positions including Director of Operations and Administration Manager.  Ms. Kittiko also spent two years as Controller at Global Trade Resources, an emerging markets hedge fund in Minneapolis.  Ms. Kittiko launched her career at Cargill with the Financial Markets Group in 1994.
Ms. Kittiko graduated from the College of St. Catherine with a Bachelor’s degree in Accounting with a Spanish minor.
                                    









                                                Ashwin Kumar
                                                
                                                Chief Technology Officer
                                            



                                        Mr. Kumar serves as Chief Technology Officer, responsible for the implementation and management of Garda’s technology infrastructure.

Prior to Garda, Mr. Kumar joined Black River in 2004 as a Senior Research Analyst on the Fixed Income Relative Value desk, before becoming an Enterprise Systems Manager, where he was responsible for the selection and implementation of the firm’s portfolio management system and proprietary data warehouse system. From 1998-2004, Mr. Kumar held various IT roles with the financial markets group at Cargill, where his experience spanned operations, accounting and risk systems.
Mr. Kumar holds a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering (Computer Science) from Bangalore University, Bangalore India and an MBA (General Management) from the University of Minnesota.
                                    









                                                Andhi Michaux
                                                
                                                Chief HR Officer
                                            



                                        Mr. Michaux is Garda’s Chief HR Officer, responsible for the overall administration, coordination and evaluation of the human resources function. Prior to joining Garda, Mr. Michaux joined Black River in May 2006 as an HR Generalist, where he was promoted to Sr. Generalist in 2009 and eventually became the function lead in 2015.  Previously, Mr. Michaux was an HR Generalist with Dunwoody College of Technology since 2003.

Mr. Michaux graduated from St. Mary’s University, MN with a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Resources Management. Mr. Michaux also holds an Associate’s Degree in Computer Networking Systems from Dunwoody College of Technology.

                                    









                                                Jon Peters
                                                
                                                Director of Research
                                            



Mr. Peters is Garda’s Director of Research, responsible for overseeing the design and development of trading analytics and trading systems.  Prior to joining Garda, Mr. Peters was most recently the Head of the Quantitative team at Black River Asset Management. Previously, he served as a Quantitative Analyst at Black River with a focus on supporting, enhancing and maintaining analytics for the rates team. He started his career at Black River in 2005 as an IT Analyst. Mr. Peters graduated from the University of Minnesota with a degree in Computer Engineering.
                                    









                                                Tom Wagner
                                                
                                                Chief Compliance Officer
                                            



                                        Mr. Wagner is Garda’s Chief Compliance Officer, responsible for overseeing and managing compliance with all regulatory requirements as well as with internal policies and procedures.
Prior to joining Garda, Mr. Wagner served as the Chief Compliance Officer at Black River from 2008-2016 and at Deephaven Capital Management from 2005-2008. Prior to that, Mr. Wagner spent ten years at RBC Dain Rauscher in Minneapolis, Minnesota, where he held various positions including Senior Vice President of Compliance, Director of Product Compliance and Director of Surveillance. He also spent nine years at U.S. Bank in various financial and corporate development roles prior to RBC Dain Rauscher.
Mr. Wagner holds a Bachelor’s degree from Gustavus Adolphus College in MN and an MBA in Finance from Arizona State University with an emphasis in Finance and Marketing.
                                    

















                        Contact
                    










                                            Call Us
                                        

                                            612-330-4900
                                        










                                            Address
                                        

                                            90 South 7th St Suite 4900 Minneapolis, MN 55402
                                        










                                            Email
                                        

investor.services@gardacp.com

hr@gardacp.com

















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Value Fund (TRVLX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Value Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				TRVLX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/25/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$37.30
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.13
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/25/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								10.85%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$32.22
							
							-
							
								$37.30
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$24,364.55

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Value Fund among 
1091,
1091,
936
and 
681
Large Value
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks to provide long-term capital appreciation by investing in common stocks believed to be undervalued. Income is a secondary objective.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					17.93%
				
			

				
					17.93%
				
			


3 Years

				
					7.11%
				
			

				
					7.11%
				
			


5 Years

				
					15.40%
				
			

				
					15.40%
				
			


10 Years

				
					6.62%
				
			

				
					6.62%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 11.07%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							11.07%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							September 30, 1994
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.82%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.82%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                









