

MS Structured Floating Rate Trust Series 2010-04 (IP): Board of Directors - Bloomberg







































  





















































































July 26, 2017 6:33 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of MS Structured Floating Rate Trust Series 2010-04 (IP)



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



MS Structured Floating Rate Trust Series 2010-04 (IP) INSIDERS ON Board Members
Name (Connections)RelationshipsTitleAgeThere is no Company Insiders data available.
Other Board Members on Board Members
Name (Connections)RelationshipsType of Board MembersPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Other Board Members data available.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Connected People on the MS Structured Floating Rate Trust Series 2010-04 (IP) BoardNameRelationshipsThere is no data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact MS Structured Floating Rate Trust Series 2010-04 (IP), please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 


MS Structured Floating Rate Trust Series 2010-04 (IP) - FORM 10-K - March 21, 2016












































































































MS Structured Floating Rate Trust Series 2010-04 (IP) - FORM 10-K - March 21, 2016




















Attached files



file
filename



EX-35.1 - MS Structured Floating Rate Trust Series 2010-04 (IP)sat201004-10kex351_0310.htm
EX-31.1 - MS Structured Floating Rate Trust Series 2010-04 (IP)sat201004-10kex311_0310.htm
EX-34.1 - MS Structured Floating Rate Trust Series 2010-04 (IP)sat201004-10kex341_0310.htm
EX-33.1 - MS Structured Floating Rate Trust Series 2010-04 (IP)sat201004-10kex331_0310.htm



 
 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
__________
FORM 10-K
ANNUAL REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 
(Mark One)
[X] 	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015
OR
[ ] 	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES
	EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from __________ to __________
Commission File Numbers 333-165725,
001-34978
 
SATURNS Trust No. 2010-04 (IP)


0001505890
(CIK number of Issuing Entity)
MS STRUCTURED ASSET CORP., as Depositor
and Sponsor
(Exact name of
registrant as specified in its charter)
0001071246
(CIK number of Depositor and Sponsor)
 
 
	Delaware	13-4026700	
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation
or organization)	(IRS Employer Identification No.)



 Delaware  
 13-4026700

 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.)

 
 

1585 Broadway, Second Floor 
New York, New York

Attention:
Qiong Sun


10036

 (Address of principal executive office)
 (Zip Code)

 
 

 Registrant’s telephone number, including area code:   
(212) 761-1378

 

Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Act:


Title of Each Class
Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered


 
SATURNS Floating Rate Trust Series 2010-04
        (IP)
 
 

 
New York Stock Exchange
 
 
 


 
 

 
 
Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(g) of the Act:
None
 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ___ No  X 
 
Indicate by check
mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Yes ___ No  X
Indicate by check
mark whether registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  X  No ___
Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes ___ No ___
Indicate by check
mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [  ]
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of “accelerated filer and
large accelerated filer” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):
Large accelerated filer ___	Accelerated filer ___	Non-accelerated
filer  X 	Smaller reporting company ___
Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ___ No  X
All of the common
stock of the registrant is held by Morgan Stanley. As of March 10, 2016, 1,000 shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share,
were outstanding.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:

The following reports of Morgan Stanley
pursuant to Item 1115(b): Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2015; Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2015; Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015;
and all other documents subsequently filed by Morgan Stanley pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, during the fiscal year covered by this Report on Form 10-K, which contain financial statements of Morgan Stanley or
which amend the foregoing reports.
 
 
 

 
 

PART I
 
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
 
Not Applicable
 
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
 
Not Applicable
 
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
 
None
 
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
 
Not Applicable
 
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
 
Not Applicable
 
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
 
Not Applicable
 
 
PART II
 
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
 
Not Applicable
 
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
 
Not Applicable
 
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
 
Not Applicable
 
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
 
Not Applicable

 
 

 
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
 
Not Applicable
 
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
 
Not Applicable
 
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
 
Not Applicable
 
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
 
None
 
 
PART III
 
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
 
None
 
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
 
Not Applicable
 
Item
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
 
Not Applicable
 
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 
Not Applicable
 
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES
 
Not Applicable
 
 
 
 

 
 

ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURE ITEMS PURSUANT TO REGULATION
AB
 
ITEM 1112(b). SIGNIFICANT OBLIGORS OF POOL ASSETS
 
International Paper Company,
the underlying security guarantor with respect to the Units, is a “significant obligor” with respect to the assets
of the Trust for purposes of Item 1112 of Regulation AB. For any financial statements of International Paper Company required to
be provided under Regulation S-X during the period since the initial issuance of the Units, this Form 10-K report refers, pursuant
to Item 1100(c)(2) of Regulation AB, to the periodic reports of International Paper Company under section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act (“Underlying Security Issuer Exchange Act Reports”) that are on file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the “SEC”). Such Underlying Security Issuer Exchange Act Reports may be accessed at the public reference
facilities maintained by the SEC at Room 1024, 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of those materials can be obtained
by making a written request to the SEC, Public Reference Section, 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates.
The SEC also maintains a website on the internet at http://www.sec.gov at which users can view and download copies of reports,
proxy, information statements and other information filed electronically. The SEC file number for International Paper Company is
333-157573.
 
The underlying security
guarantor financial statements and Underlying Security Issuer Exchange Act Reports referred to above are not incorporated by reference
in this Form 10-K report; and the Trust, the Trustee, the depositor, the sponsor and their affiliates have not verified, have not
undertaken to verify, and will not verify, the content of any such underlying security guarantor financial statements or Underlying
Security Issuer Exchange Act Reports.
 
ITEM 1114(b)(2). CREDIT ENHANCEMENT AND OTHER SUPPORT, EXCEPT CERTAIN
DERIVATIVES INSTRUMENTS
 
None
 
ITEM 1115(b). CERTAIN DERIVATIVES INSTRUMENTS – FINANCIAL
INFORMATION
 
Not Applicable
 
ITEM 1117. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
 
None
 
ITEM 1119. AFFILIATIONS
AND CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
Morgan Stanley Capital Services Inc., which
is the derivative counterparty to the 2010-04 (IP) Trust under an interest rate swap transaction, is an affiliate of the Depositor,
MS Structured Asset Corp.
 
ITEM 1122. COMPLIANCE
WITH APPLICABLE SERVICING CRITERIA

 
 

See Exhibits 33.1
and 34.1 to this Annual Report.
 
ITEM 1123. SERVICER
COMPLIANCE STATEMENT
See Exhibit 35.1 to this
Annual Report.
 
 
PART IV
 
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES
 
(a) The following documents are filed as part
of this Report:
 
(1) Financial Statements: Distribution Reports on Form 10-D
are hereby incorporated by reference. See the table below:
 



 
 
 
SATURNS
Trust No.:

 
 
 
 
Closing Date

 
 
 
 
Collateral

 
 



Payment Dates

 
 
 
Form 10-D Filing Dates
For FY 2015


 
2010-04 (IP)

 
12/9/2010

 
International Paper Company

 
February 17, May 15, August 17 and November
        16

 
February 24, 2015, May 22, 2015, August 24,
        2015 and November 18, 2015

 
 
(2) Financial Statement Schedules pursuant to
Item 8: Not Applicable
 
	(3) Exhibits:
 
Exhibit 31.1	Rule 13a-14(d) Certification
Exhibit 33.1	Report of The
Bank of New York Mellon on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing Criteria for Asset-Backed Securities
Exhibit 34.1	Attestation Report of
KPMG, LLP on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing Criteria for Asset-Backed Securities
Exhibit 35.1	Statement of Compliance
of The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee
 
(b) Exhibits: See Item 15(a)(3) above
 
(c) Other Financial Statement Schedules: Not
Applicable
 
 

 
 

SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
 
Date: March 21,
2016
MS
STRUCTURED ASSET CORP.
(Registrant)
By:
/s/Qiong Sun	
Name:	 Qiong
Sun

Title:Vice President
 
 
 










Also read

Chess supersite corp - 8-k, other events financial statements and exhibits























































Microsoft Research – Emerging Technology, Computer, and Software Research







































 


















Try Microsoft Edge
A fast and secure browser that's designed for Windows 10


No thanks
Get started










 This site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads.  By continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use. Learn more









Microsoft



Research










 No results









Research









 










HPU 2.0

HoloLens to get new Holographic Processing Unit, AI coprocessor to implement DNNs












Microsoft Research Faculty Summit 2017 —The Edge of AI

Watch sessions on demand












Honoring  Charles P. Thacker

A visionary computer scientist who changed the world












Using AI to crack down on internet scams

How AI, computer vision, and Power BI help law enforcement take action













Search our catalog of thousands of publications, videos, projects, downloads, and more				




Search our catalog















Advances in AI & Machine Learning
















								How do you teach AI to fly? With their own highly realistic simulator							


The ability to differentiate things like trees, curbs, and glass doors come easily to humans, but it's still difficult for AI-based systems. Microsoft researchers are aiming to change that by working on a new set of tools, now available on GitHub, that other researchers and developers can use to train and test robots, drones and other gadgets for operating autonomously and safely in the real world.


















									Leading innovation in AI to improve citizen health								

How can doctors keep up with the explosion of medical research? The Azure for Research program provided an Azure grant to University College London to quickly develop and deploy AI solutions in the cloud. 












											Generating computer code based on a user's intent with deep learning										











											How Microsoft researchers are helping keep AI accurate and unbiased										

















									We’re hiring in AI!								

Researchers in AI are pursuing computing advances to create intelligent machines that complement human reasoning to augment and enrich our experience and competencies. 













									Minecraft and AI: Enabling technology that can collaborate with humans								

Learn more about Project Malmo, a platform that uses the world of Minecraft as a testing ground for advanced artificial intelligence research and innovation.













Towards quantum computing
















								New to quantum? Here's a primer.							


Quantum Computing 101: An introduction to the mind-bending world of quantum computing.


















									Station Q								

Station Q represents Microsoft’s global effort to bring together the world’s mathematicians, computer scientists, quantum physicists, and engineers to build a scalable, fault-tolerant, universal quantum computer.












											With quantum computing simulator, a sneak peak into the future of computing - Microsoft Research blog										











											Quantum computing at Microsoft - meet the team										

















									"Quantum computing could solve problems that would take today's computers eons..." - read more about The Quest for a Quantum Future								















									Language-Integrated Quantum Operations: LIQUi|>								

LIQUi|> is a software architecture and tool suite for quantum computing. It includes a programming language, optimization and scheduling algorithms, and quantum simulators. LIQUi|> can be used to translate a quantum algorithm written in the form of a high-level program into the low-level machine instructions for a quantum device. 













Using computing to fight cancer
















								How Microsoft computer scientists and researchers are working to “solve” cancer							


Jasmin Fisher doesn’t want to cure cancer. She wants to solve it - and she believes it’s possible in her lifetime.


















									Video: Programming cells								

If scientists can understand cancer and the immune systems as well as they understand how to make Microsoft Word run on a PC, they might be able to equip the immune system to mount a powerful response to cancer on its own.












											Project Hanover: Parsing the world's genetic knowledge										











											Meet the researchers: Biological Computation Group										

















									Blog: Molecular biology meets computer science tools in new system for CRISPR								

A team of researchers has developed a new system that allows researchers to more quickly and effectively use the powerful gene editing tool CRISPR.













									Video: Using technology to personalize cancer treatment								

Machine learning is helping doctors automatically sort fragmented patient information to find the most relevant pieces of data to define the best treatment plan for their patients.













Lowering the barriers to artificial intelligence​














									Unleash the Power of AI for Everyone								

Today, we are changing how companies approach automatic translation by leveraging our artificial intelligence expertise to enable anyone to quickly and easily customize translation systems, even without large amounts of previously translated sentences.					












											Microsoft Researchers win ImageNet computer vision challenge										











											Featured Program: AI Engage										

















									Browse the Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Research Area								

 













									Microsoft Bot Framework (preview)								

Build and connect intelligent bots to interact with your users naturally wherever they are, from text/sms to Skype, Slack, Office 365 mail and other popular services.



















								CNTK: Open source deep learning toolkit on GitHub							


Microsoft is making the tools that its own researchers use to speed up advances in artificial intelligence available to a broader group of developers by releasing its Computational Network Toolkit on GitHub.

















Scientists and engineers working together to help solve global challenges


In the newsMicrosoft Rolls Out AI-based Security Risk Detection Tool
Dark Reading, July 21, 2017
University of Amsterdam partners with Microsoft Research Lab Cambridge
Science Business, July 20, 2017
Putting humans center stage in the AI race
Irish Times, July 20, 2017

Get involvedAcademic and external collaboration
We collaborate with the world’s top researchers to develop technologies that help solve global challenges.  Explore academic programs
Full-time jobs and internships
Work with world-renowned colleagues on meaningful research and product incubations in labs around the world.  Explore more research careers

Award-winning researchersMicrosoft researchers have received a myriad of prestigious national and international honors, including the ACM A.M. Turing Award, considered the highest distinction in computer science.
Meet our award-winning researchers >See our full researcher index >










						Follow Microsoft Research					





Follow @MSFTResearch










						Share this page					





Tweet
























​

		

















FAQ - HSBC in Hong Kong 
























Hong Kong

Home
Personal
HSBC Premier
HSBC Advance
Commercial
Corporate
About HSBC
Contact us






The world's local bank






Search:











Personal
Banking
Investments
Cards
Mortgages
Loans
Insurance
MPF/ORSO
Wealth Management
HSBC Premier
HSBC Advance

繁體
|
简体









Stocks

Unit Trusts

IPO

Bonds / Certificates of Deposit

Foreign Exchange

Structured Products

Margin FX

H.K. Market Information

U.S. Market Information

FAQ
Glossary

Download Forms and Documents


Log on to HSBC Internet Banking

Find out more  |  Register







Frequently Asked Questions

 



Questions: Investments

Q1:What affects the value of money?

Q2:When should I start planning for the future?
Q3:What types of financial tools can I invest my money in?

Q4:How can I set up an investment account? 
Q5:Is there any fee to be charged?







Questions: Bonds

Q1:What are bonds?
Q2:How can I benefit from bond investments
Q3:What types of bond are available through HSBC?
Q4:Do I need a large sum of money to invest in bonds?
Q5:How can I trade bonds with HSBC?
Q6:Do I have to hold bonds until maturity?
Q7:What if I need cash but the current selling price for my bonds is not favourable?
Q8:How can I collect my interest payments?
Q9:What do Moody's and Standard and Poor's credit ratings represent?
Q10:What are the service charges for trading bonds?
Q11:What are the risks in Bonds?
Q12:Will the bank provide me with regular statements of my Bond investment?



Questions:iBond

Q1:Why my allotted iBond holding in HSBC is settled in CMU?
Q2:How can I sell the allotted HKSAR Government iBond from IPO via HSBC for Over-the-Counter (OTC) trading?
Q3:If I want to sell the allotted iBond via Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (HKEx), how can I do it?
Q4:What is the difference between selling iBond via the Bank's Online Bond Trading Service (i.e. OTC) and HKEx?
Q5:How can I transfer the allotted iBond to Central Clearing and Settlement System(CCASS) for trading at Stock Exchange ?
Q6:Is there a price difference between the iBond offered by the Bank's Bond Trading Services (or Over-The-Counter) and HKEx?



Questions:Silver Bond

Q1:Why my allotted Silver Bond holding in HSBC is settled in CMU?
Q2:Who is eligible to apply for Silver Bond IPO?
Q3:Can I sell the allotted HKSAR Government Silver Bond?



Questions: Overseas Securities Service

Q1:What are securities?
Q2:How can I place an order?
Q3:What information do I need to provide to place an order?
Q4:What order types are offered?
Q5:What are the trading hours of the five overseas markets?
Q6:When will my account be debited for stock purchase?
Q7:How soon can I sell my stocks, and when will I receive the money from selling stocks?
Q8:How can I check the status of my Securities trading order? 
Q9:Can I trade my overseas securities during Hong Kong public holidays?



Questions:US Stock

Q1:Who is eligible for the US Stock Trading Service?
Q2:What is product and service coverage for the US Stock Trading Service?
Q3:How do I register for the US Stock Trading Service?
Q4:What is the W-8BEN form?
Q5:What is the NYSE Market Data Agreement?



Questions: Stocks Monthly Investment Plan

Q1:What are the key benefits of the Stocks Monthly Investment Plan (SMIP)?
Q2:What is meant by Dollar Cost Averaging?
Q3:How does the Stocks Monthly Investment Plan (SMIP) work?
Q4:Is there a minimum investment period?
Q5:Is there any minimum transaction amount for setting up or amending or cancelling SMIP? 
Q6:How can I set up a Stocks Monthly Investment Plan with HSBC?



Questions: Unit Trusts

Q1:What are unit trusts? How can I benefit from unit trusts investment?
Q2:Are they very expensive?
Q3:Can I get easy access to my investment?
Q4:Do I have to make a lump sum investment?
Q5:Are they high risk?
Q6:Are the returns low?
Q7:Are they difficult to monitor?
Q8:Are the commission fees high?
Q9:What are the different types of Unit Trusts available through HSBC?
Q10:Are unit trusts investment similar to a pension plan?
Q11:What are the key charges in Unit Trusts? How can I access to these fees details and understand the potential risks involved? 
Q12:What are the risks in investing in Unit Trusts? 
Q13:How can I subscribe or redeem unit trusts through my HSBC account? 
Q14:Will the bank provide me with regular statements of my unit trusts investment? 



Questions: Structured Products 

Q1:What are Structured Products? And How does it work?
Q2:How can I benefit from investing in Structured Products?
Q3:What is Pre-Investment Cooling-off Period?
Q4:What is Post-Sale Cooling-off Period?
Q5:What are the different types of Structured Products available through HSBC?
Q6:Will the bank provide me any confirmation advice/ contract note of my investment?
Q7:What are the risks in investing in Structured Products?
Q8:What are the different fees & charges for Structured Products?
Q9:Can I sell the Structured Products before it matures? Is there a penalty to unwind early?



Questions: Deposit Plus

Q1:How is the Integrated Account Secured Credit Facility Loan Ratio calculated when the Deposit Plus deposit date is 2 
				business days after the application submission?



Questions: Foreign Exchange

Q1:How can I invest in foreign currency with HSBC ?
Q2:What is FX Order Watch Trading Services ?
Q3:What can I use FX for?
Q4:What are the regulatory restrictions related to FX?
Q5:Who can transact in FX?
Q6:What platforms are available for me to deal in FX?
Q7:What are the risks associated with FX products?
Q8:Being a customer, will I get access to latest FX update and houseviews?
Q9:What are the various FX services that Bank offers me?



Questions: IPOs

Q1:What is an IPO?
Q2:What are the risks associated with IPOs?
Q3:What is HSBC IPO Nominees Services?
Q4:What are the benefits of applying with HSBC IPO Nominees Services?
Q5:Do I need to register with HSBC if I apply through HSBC IPO Nominees Services? Is there any service charge or handling fee?
Q6:How can I make the application payment for the application? Is there any maximum payment limit applicable?
Q7:Is online IPO application available 24 hours a day?
Q8:How do I know if whether my application has been successfully submitted?
Q9:Can I amend or cancel my application?
Q10:How do I know if my application is successful or not?
Q11:How will I be refunded should my application be partially successful or wholly unsuccessful?



Questions: Marginal FX(Business FAQ)

Q1:What is a Market Order?
Q2:What is a Limit Order?
Q3:What is a Take Profit Order?
Q4:What is a Stop Loss Order?
Q5:What is a Trailing Stop Order?
Q6:What is the difference between an order, trade, and position?
Q7:What are bid and ask price?
Q8:What is a 'unit'?
Q9:What is a 'pip'?
Q10:How do I open an account?
Q11:What is the minimum account balance?
Q12:What are HSBC Margin FX's trading hours?
Q13:What currencies can I trade in?
Q14:What is the minimum and maximum trade size?
Q15:How often are the prices updated?
Q16:Are limit orders executed at the specified price?
Q17:Are limit orders executed at the specified price?
Q18:Why was my order triggered when it appeared that its execution price was not reached?
Q19:How is my account leverage ratio determined?
Q20:How can I change my account leverage ratio?
Q21:Can I have more than one collateral account?
Q22:Does my margin deposit earn interest?
Q23:Can I deposit funds in any other currency other than HKD dollars?
Q24:How do I deposit money to my collateral account?
Q25:How do I withdraw money from my collateral account?
Q26:What is Margin Call?
Q27:Do I pay interest on my account when there is a margin call?
Q28:What is a closeout?
Q29:Why are the rates from other sources different from those on Margin FX platform?
Q30:How do I set the quote currencies which appear in the Quote Panel or Quote List?
Q31:How do I open the quote panel in another window?
Q32:How can I draw a trendline?
Q33:What types of trendlines can I draw?
Q34:How can I manage the display of trendlines?
Q35:How can I modify the appearance of a trendline?
Q36:How do I filter information on 'Full Trades History' page?
Q37:How do I change my default trading parameters?
Q38:What does NSE mean when it appears in my trade activity?



Questions: Marginal FX (Technical FAQ)

Q1:Why can't I connect to the Margin FX Trading Platform?
Q2:The loading bar in the pop-up window stops at a percentage. How can I fix this problem?
Q3:Which web browser is compatible with Margin FX Trading Platform?
Q4:The Margin FX Trading Platform was frozen after I opened many graph windows. How can I
fix this problem?
Q5:My username and password are accepted and the pop-up window appears but there is a
"broken image" graphic (a red 'x') where the loading bar should be.
Q6:How do I clear my Java cache?
Q7:How can I print graphs or other parts of the Platform?
Q8:Do I need to enable pop-ups?
Q9:How can I get the latest version of Java?
Q10:Does Javascript need to be enabled?
Q11:How can I enable the Java in the web browser?



Questions: Others




Q1:What should I do before I start investing?

Q2:How do I determine my investment risk tolerance?
Q3:How can I research and keep track of my investments?




Investments

A1: What affects the value of money?
Money has a tendency to lose its value over time because the price of goods and services has an upward tendency. This is called inflation. Here are some factors that could eat away your money:

Inflation. Simply, inflation occurs when the price of goods and services rises. And when prices rise, people will ask for a rise in salary. That's why the money you earn today will be worth less 10 years from now.
Interest rate fluctuations. A drop in interest rates means a smaller return on your deposits, and if the interest rate is lower than the rate of inflation, your savings lose value. But for some investments, such as equities and bonds, the value of your investment may rise because of the drop in interest rates.

Therefore it is crucial that you have a financial plan to protect your future and to put your money where it generates reasonable returns to meet your needs. 
Back to top





A2: When should I start planning for the future?
The sooner you start, the better. The example below shows the difference in accumulative savings between Mr. Early and Mr. Late, who start saving at different times.  
				
				Mr. Early saves for 10 years and then stops. Mr. Late starts 10 years later and also saves for 10 years. But Mr. Early gets 63% more than Mr. Late (based upon 5% annual growth, not taking into account annual inflation). 





Year
Savings
Accumulation
Savings
Accumulation


1
1,000
1,050
0
0


2
1,000
2,153
0
0


3
1,000
3,310
0
0


4
1,000
4,526
0
0


5
1,000
5,802
0
0


6
1,000
7,142
0
0


7
1,000
8,549
0
0


8
1,000
10,027
0
0


9
1,000
11,578
0
0


10
1,000
13,207
0
0


11
0
13,867
1,000
1,050


12
0
14,560
1,000
2,153


13
0
15,289
1,000
3,310


14
0
16,053
1,000
4,526


15
0
16,856
1,000
5,802


16
0
17,698
1,000
7,142


17
0
18,583
1,000
8,549


18
0
19,512
1,000
10,027


19
0
20,488
1,000
11,578


20
0
21,512
1,000
13,207






Back to top



A3: What types of financial tools can I invest my money in?
A: You can choose from a range of different financial tools:

HKD, RMB and foreign currency savings and time deposits 
Investments products
Insurance products

Traditionally, savings or time deposits are the safest place to put your money, but often offer lower rates of interest. Investment products usually offer potentially higher returns but with a greater risk.
Back to top



A4: How can I set up an investment account? 
You can open an investment account online in most circumstances. You must maintain a personal banking account with HSBC before s/he ca open an investment account online. 
Alternatively you can also open an investment account at our branches. If you wish to open a joint account, you can only do so at our branches.
Back to top



A5: Is there any fee to be charged?
Opening an investment account does not incur any fees. However, there may be other account fees applicable depending on the nature of the account and the products held in the account. Besides, there may be transaction fees involved when you buy or sell investment products. Please consult our staff should you have any queries.
Back to top



Bonds

A1: What are bonds?
Bonds are credit notes issued by governments, corporations or other issuers to bondholders. As a bondholder, you are extending credit to these issuers and they are obligated to repay the redemption value of the bond upon maturity, as well as a rate of interest during the life of the bond. There are many types of bonds from different issuers that vary in their terms. Some examples include the fixed rate bond, floating rate bond, zero coupon bond and convertible bond as well as Certificates of Deposit (CDs). 
				In general, bonds and CDs offer comparatively safe returns. At HSBC, we currently offer bonds and CDs issued by governments including PRC, US and HKSAR, local quasigovernment bodies,  supranationals and well-known corporations around the world denominated in major currencies. There is also a wide selection of tenors or terms from which to choose, i.e., from 1 to 30 years with various benchmark yields. The minimum investment amount can be as low as HKD10,000.
Back to top



A2: How can I benefit from bond investments?


Regular incomeBonds deliver stable and predictable coupons as streams of income. Bonds also offer predictable repayment of principal at maturity.
Yield EnhancementBond yields are usually higher than time deposit rates with similar maturity.
Capital Gain PotentialYou can also benefit from capital appreciation if bond prices move up.
Risk Diversification ToolBonds exhibit low correlation to other asset classes, hence the inclusion of bonds can bring relative stability to a portfolio.

Back to top



A3: What types of bond are available through HSBC?
HSBC offers you a full range of investment grade or equivalent bonds including RMB dimsum bonds, Government Bonds and Corporate Bonds with wide ranges of major currencies selections and tenors ranging from 1 to 30 years. Investment amount can be as low as HKD10,000. 
Bonds from HSBC can be categorised by:

types of issuers - corporate bonds, supranational bonds and government/quasi-government bonds
coupon - fixed rate bonds, floating rate bonds and zero-coupon bonds
credit quality - investment grade bonds
currency - HKD, USD, AUD, CAD, CNY, EUR, GBP, NZD and SGD

Back to top



A4: Do I need a large sum of money to invest in bonds?
HSBC lets you invest in a wide range of bonds with a minimum investment amount of HK$10,000++. 
++Please note the minimum and incremental investment amount varies from bond to bond. Please consult us for more details.
Back to top



A5: How can I trade bonds with HSBC?
You can now trade bonds via HSBC Internet Banking. Our one-stop online platform offers bond IPO subscription and secondary market trading services. 
				If you already have an HSBC Investment Services/Securities account, you can simply log on and execute your bond order with us. We also offer bond trading services through our branches and investment phonebanking service. To open an Investment Services/Securities account, simply visit www.hsbc.com.hk any time or visit any HSBC branch in Hong Kong.
Back to top



A6: Do I have to hold bonds until maturity?
HSBC will repurchase the bonds purchased through us based on the prevailing market price under normal circumstances thus you may not hold the bonds until maturity. Customer's selling price may differ from the original buying price due to changes in market condition. You could lose part or all of your investment if you choose to sell the bonds prior to maturity.
Back to top



A7: What if I need cash but the current selling price for my bonds is not favourable?
HSBC can offer you a loan at preferential rates of up to 70% the value of your bonds. Please consult us for details.
Back to top



A8: How can I collect my interest payments?
All bonds purchased through HSBC are under our custody and nominee service. So just sit back and we'll ensure all interest earned is credited to your settlement account once the payment is received from the relevant custodian on or after the coupon payment date.
Back to top



A9: What do Moody's and Standard and Poor's credit ratings represent?
They refer to the ability of the bond issuer to repay the value and interest to bondholders. Moody's and Standard and Poor's are the best known international credit rating agencies. Ratings are assigned based on the bond issuer's financial strength and past record of debt repayment. In general, the higher the credit rating, the lower the risk of default and the interest offered.




Moody's
S&P
Rating


Aaa
AAA
Highest quality


Aa
AA
High quality


A
A
Upper medium quality


Baa
BBB
Medium quality


Ba
BB
Somewhat speculative


B
B
Low grade, speculative


Caa
CCC
Low grade, highly speculative


Ca
CC
Low grade, most speculative


C
C
Default




Back to top



A10: What are the service charges for trading bonds?




Service
Handling fees


Safe custody
Waived


Interest Collection
Waived


Redemption at maturity
Waived


Transfer(into or out of HSBC) 
Through Central Money Market Unit (CMU): HKD500 per note/bond per transferThrough Euroclear/other overseas clearing houses/bank: HKD1,000 per note/bond per transfer




Back to top



A11: What are the risks in Bonds?

Bonds involves the following risks (including but not limited to): 
Interest Rate Risks

Refers to the potential loss in the bond value as a result of a rise in term interest rate. However, there is no impact if planning to hold bond to maturity.
Causes of term interest rate increase can be central bank policy hike to manage inflation, increase in issuance size in a particular tenor and reduced demand in that tenor.
The longer the maturity of a bond, the higher the interest rate risk. 
Bond investors can consider mitigating interest rate risk by investing in floating rate bonds/ notes. 
Credit Risk

Refers to the potential loss in the bond value as a result of either a downgrade of the issuer's credit rating or the market's perception of the issuer's credit worthiness and its ability to meet its financial obligations. However, there is no impact if planning to hold a bond to maturity. 
Bond investors can consider mitigating credit risk by investing in bonds of higher risk rating.

Default Risk

Refers to the potential total loss in the bond value as a result of the issuer going bankrupt.
Bond investors can consider mitigating credit risk by investing in bonds of higher risk rating.

Liquidity Risk

Refers to investors may have difficulty finding a buyer when they want to sell and may be forced to sell at a significant discount to market value. 
Liquidity risk is greater for thinly traded securities such as lower-rated bonds, bonds that were part of a small issue, bonds that have recently had their credit rating downgraded or bonds sold by an infrequent issuer. Bonds are generally the most liquid during the period right after issuance when the typical bond has the highest trading volume.
It is often reflected in wider spread between the bid and offer price of the bond. 

Back to top



A12: Will the bank provide me with regular statements of my Bond investment?

Yes, HSBC will provide contract note to you in every Bond transaction and you can also find your Bond investment record in the monthly consolidated statement (if applicable). 

Back to top


iBond

A1: Why my allotted iBond holding in HSBC is settled in CMU?

According to the iBond Issue Circular, if a customer applied iBond via placing Bank, the allotted iBond will be held through Central Moneymarkets Units (CMU), a debt securities custodian. The allotted iBond can be traded at Over-the Counter (OTC) through the Bank's Bond Trading Services.


Back to top



A2: How can I sell the allotted HKSAR Government iBond from IPO via HSBC for Over-the-Counter (OTC) trading?

You can sell the allotted iBond instantly during trading hours through our OTC trading service, Online Bond Trading Services (click "Investments" on internet banking, then "Bonds/Certificates of Deposit", click "My portfolio").  You can also call our phonebanking or visit any branches for selling of iBond through our OTC Bond Trading Service.  No extra fees and charges applied.

Back to top



A3: If I want to sell the allotted iBond via Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (HKEx), how can I do it?

You need to transfer the iBond to Central Clearing and Settlement System(CCASS) by filling in a transfer request form at branches. It normally takes 3 business days (if request is received before noon) to complete the transfer before you can sell through HKEx. Please note the transfer fee is HKD100. (Such fee also applies for iBond transfer from Central Clearing and Settlement System (CCASS) to Central Moneymarkets Units (CMU).) Selling of the iBond via the stock trading platform is subject to fees and charges of stock trading services including brokerage fee, deposit charge (purchase order only), Securities and Futures Commission transaction levy, investor compensation levy and Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited trading fee (details as illustrated in Q4. below).

Back to top



A4: What is the difference between selling iBond via the Bank's Online Bond Trading Service (i.e. OTC) and HKEx?
The major differences are the iBond transfer leadtime and the costs involved which are summarized below:





via OTC(trading outside the Stock Exchange) through our Bond Trading Platform 
via the Stock Exchange


Trading of allotted iBond
Instantly
Upon completion of transfer iBond to Central Clearing and Settlement System(CCAS) of which 3 Business days are required. (only support same name transfer).Service fee is HK$100. (Such fee also applies for iBond transfer from Central Clearing and Settlement System (CCASS) to Central Moneymarkets Units (CMU))


Costs on trading
According to bid/ask price. No other fees.
Brokerage fee 0.25% to 0.5% (depends on trading channels); minimum HK$100.
								
								Trading fee : 0.005%
								
								Transaction levy : 0.0027%
								
								Deposit charge for purchase order: HK$5/lot; minimum HK$30, maximum $200.
								


Settlement
T+1
T+2


Holding the iBond
No other fees
Safe custody fee: HK$25 monthly
 (for Premier, Advance and SmartVantage / HK$30 for other general accounts)
								
								Dividend collection : 0.5% of dividend amount; minimum HK$ 30, maximum HK$2,500
								
								Redemption at maturity : minimum 0.5% of Principal Amount or HK$30, maximum HK$2,500
								




For details of fees/charges/levy, please refer to the Local Securities Service Charges at www.hsbc.com.hk
Back to top



A5: How can I transfer the allotted iBond to Central Clearing and Settlement System(CCASS) for trading at Stock Exchange ?

You can visit any branch and fill in a transfer request form.  It normally takes 3 business days to complete the transfer if request is received by the bank before noon. A service fee of HK$ 100 will be charged. (Such fee also applies for iBond transfer from Central Clearing and Settlement System (CCASS) to Central Moneymarkets Units (CMU).) Upon completion of transfer, the iBond holding will be held under the respective stock code for trading via HKEx.

Back to top



A6: Is there a price difference between the iBond offered by the Bank's Bond Trading Services (or Over-The-Counter) and HKEx?

You can trade iBond through the following markets :

Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
OTC - over-the-counter, trading outside the Stock Exchange 

The price in the 2 markets may be different and there is chance that the price on HKEx is higher than OTC or vice versa. This is due to the different demand and supply in respective markets and that the price is driven by different market pool.  The price gap also reflects the associated fee/levy when trading on HKEx.
You should consider to trade in which market by considering the leadtime and all the associated costs (please refer to Q3 & Q4) besides the price.

Back to top


Silver Bond

A1: Why my allotted Silver Bond holding in HSBC is settled in CMU?

According to the Silver Bond Issue Circular, if a customer applied Silver Bond via placing Bank, the allotted Silver Bond will be held through Central Moneymarkets Units (CMU), a debt securities custodian. 


Back to top



A2: Who is eligible to apply for Silver Bond IPO?

All HSBC personal customers can apply for Silver Bond IPO, provided that the customer (or the principal account holder for joint account): 

holds a valid Hong Kong Identity Card; AND
was born on or before 31 December 1952; AND
maintains Integrated Investment Services Account or Securities Account with HKD cash account. 


Back to top



A3: Can I sell the allotted HKSAR Government Silver Bond?

Silver Bond will not be listed on any stock exchange.  If you wish to sell the allotted Silver Bond before maturity, you may only submit an early redemption request.  Redemption will take place on the third business day following receipt of early redemption instruction.

Back to top


Overseas Securities Service

A1: What are securities?
Securities is the generic name for shares and other investment tools quoted on the stock market. Individuals may invest in securities, either through a broker or through their bank, and can check the progress of their investment every day in the newspapers or on the Internet. 
				It is possible to enjoy a higher rate of return from investing in securities than from savings accounts. Stock market securities in thriving economic climates will generally show an increase over time, and sometimes within a very short period. However, all stock markets are volatile and buying securities should not be seen as a short-term method of making money. 
				Buying securities also costs money. Stockbrokers make various charges for their services, such as commission. You may consider taking advantage of convenient payment and reimbursement terms by dealing through your bank. 
				Other than investing in securities by yourself, you can assign asset management professionals or companies to invest on your behalf.  
Back to top



A2: How can I place an order?
Simply call (852) 2233 3322. Speak to us after keying in your account number and PIN.
Back to top



A3: What information do I need to provide to place an order?
The basic information required is the stock name, stock market, order size, your price limit and settlement currency. It is worth paying attention to the stock name. Using the full stock name in your order will ensure no misunderstanding on which stock to trade, as some stocks may have similar names. If in doubt, we will be happy to assist you based on your description of the abbreviated name, the nature of business and the latest closing price.
Back to top



A4: What order types are offered?
We accept limit price orders. Orders placed will be valid for the same day until the respective market closes. You can place orders with us anytime. Orders received after the trading hours of the respective market will be processed on the next trading day.
Back to top



A5: What are the trading hours of the five overseas markets?
The following table shows the Hong Kong time for trading hours in each of the overseas markets:




Countries
Trading Hours (in Hong Kong Time)


North Hemisphere Summer
North Hemisphere Winter


UK
3:00 pm - 11:30 pm
4:00 pm - 12:.30 am


Japan
8:00 am - 10:00 am and 11:30 am - 2:00 pm
8:00 am - 10:00 am and 11:30 am - 2:00 pm


Australia
8:00 am - 2:00 pm (Australia Winter)
7:00 am - 1:00 pm (Australia Summer)


Canada
9:30 pm - 4:00 am 
10:30 pm - 5:00 am 


China 'B' Shares (Shanghai and Shenzhen)
9:15 am - 9:25 am (bidding session)
														   9:30 am - 11:30 am
														   1:00 pm - 3:00 pm 




Back to top



A6: When will my account be debited for stock purchase?
Upon order placement (trade day), the purchase amount will be held on HKD/USD account. The actual debit of the money will take place on the settlement day (ie, T+3). Money held between the placement day and the settlement day will continue to earn interest in your account. In case the settlement day is a Hong Kong public holiday, the actual debit of the money will take place on the last working day before the settlement day. 
				If you choose to settle in USD and need to transfer sufficient funds into your USD settlement account, please do so before 7 p.m. Hong Kong time. We will be pleased to help you.
Back to top



A7: How soon can I sell my stocks, and when will I receive the money from selling stocks?
Stocks can be sold once settlement is completed (ie, T+3). The sales proceeds will be credited to your account three days after the sales execution (ie, T+3).
Back to top



A8: How can I check the status of my Securities trading order? 


HSBC Internet Banking You can check your order status and execution result by clicking 'Checking order status' under 'My Investment' section. We will also notify you the execution result via email at HSBC Internet Banking.
Stock Express You can check your order status under the 'Order Status' section. All securities orders with pending dealing status will be displayed first by default, but you can sort the sequence of display by stock code, transaction type and transaction date at your choice. 

Alternatively, you may also call our investment phonebanking services hotline or log on to HSBC Internet Banking to check your order status and execution result or sign up for our free eAlerts investment order confirmation service at HSBC Internet Banking to receive your stock order execution result via SMS. For more details about eAlerts, please go to 'Investment eAlerts' section at HSBC Internet Banking. 
Back to top



A9: Can I trade my overseas securities during Hong Kong public holidays?
Trading will be available if overseas stock markets are open. We will be there to take your orders and answer your queries during Hong Kong public holidays.
Back to top


US Stock

A1: Who is eligible for the US Stock Trading Service?
Customers are eligible for signing up for the U.S. Stock Trading Service if they are

Non-U.S. persons
Able to provide a valid identification document such as permanent Hong Kong Identity Card or passport.
Non professional market data subscribers* (Please refer to the NYSE Market Data Agreement for details.)

* One of the criteria for being classified as 'Non-professional' subscribers is not being engaged as an investment advisor. In brief, "Investment adviser" means any person who, for compensation, engages in the business of advising others, either directly or through publications or writings, as to the value of securities or as to the advisability of investing, purchasing, or selling securities, or who, for compensation and as part of a regular business, issues or promulgates analyses or reports concerning securities.
Back to top



A2: What is product and service coverage for the US Stock Trading Service ?
HSBC's US Stock Trading Service provides trading and custodian services for US stocks listed in  NYSE (NYSE Equities Market), NASDAQ and AMEX (NYSE Amex Equities Market). Non-listed US securities are beyond our service scope.
Back to top



A3: How do I register for the US Stock Trading Service?

Open an investment services account (with account suffix 380) with HSBC by visiting any HSBC branch or via HSBC Internet Banking (for existing HSBC's customers only) if you do not have one
Duly complete the W-8BEN form (should submit together with the Return Sheet)
 as required by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and submit it at any HSBC branch. (See the section below for details) 
Duly complete the NYSE Market Data Agreement as required by NYSE and submit it at any HSBC branch. (See the section below for details)

Note: Please seek your own independent professional advice for filling out the W-8BEN form and the NYSE Market Data Agreement where necessary.
Back to top



A4: What is the W-8BEN form?
The W-8BEN form (should submit together with the Return Sheet) is a requirement of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") for U.S. tax reporting for non-U.S. persons. Non-U.S. persons are subject to U.S. tax (max 30%) on certain types of income received from U.S. sources, such as interest and dividends. (Guidance for Completion of W-8BEN form)
Non-U.S. persons are required to complete and submit a duly completed W-8BEN Form for the following main reasons:

to establish that you are not a U.S. person; and
to claim that you are the beneficiary of the US-sourced income for which the W-8BEN Form is provided; and
to claim, if applicable, a reduced rate of, or exemption from, withholding tax by being a resident of a foreign country with which the United States has an income tax treaty. 

If you would like to know more about the instructions for Form W-8BEN and tax treaties, please visit the following IRS websites or consult your tax adviser:
Instructions for Form W-8BEN:
http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/iw8ben.pdf

Tax Treaties Information:
http://www.irs.gov/businesses/international/article/0,,id=96739,00.html

Back to top



A5: What is the NYSE Market Data Agreement?
The NYSE Market Data Agreement, also known as "Exhibit B Agreement For Market Data Display Services", relates to provision of market data by the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). As required by NYSE, every HSBC customer must sign this agreement to confirm that he/she is a "non-professional" market data subscriber before obtaining access to the NYSE's market data.
Back to top


Stocks Monthly Investment Plan

A1: What are the key benefits of the Stocks Monthly Investment Plan?
You can 

participate in the equity market even with limited capital
reduce investment risk by using Dollar Cost Averaging
enjoy potentially higher return than general deposits as a medium-to long-term investment
meet your targeted investment needs

Back to top



A2: What is meant by Dollar Cost Averaging?
Dollar Cost Averaging refers to the buying of securities at scheduled intervals, irrespective of the dollar amount, whether the stock price is rising or falling. When the share price is low, more shares can be bought and vice versa. At such, the average cost will be less than the average of the price paid. The risk arising from short-term market fluctuations will be reduced as a result.
Back to top



A3: How does the Stocks Monthly Investment Plan work?
Your investment amount will be debited from your designated account on the 8th of each month (the "Specified Date"). For debit through an account with the Bank, the amount will be debited on the preceding business day if the Specified Date is a non business day. 

The Bank will start to purchase shares on behalf of all SMIP customers at the market price at 11am on the transaction date (3rd trading day after the debit date). The average price of all purchases will be used and any surplus funds will be credited to your account two business days after the transaction date. The purchased stocks will be deposited into your investment services or securities account on the settlement date (2nd trading day after the transaction date). 
Back to top



A4: Is there a minimum investment period?
There is no minimum investment period. Your chosen stocks will be purchased and deposited into your securities account on a monthly basis, after settlement of which you can sell the shares anytime to capture the profit or meet emergency needs. You also have the flexibility to suspend or stop your contribution as needed. 
					However, you are recommended to treat it as a medium-to long-term investment as you will be able to enjoy higher growth potential of the stocks over time without having to worry about any short-term market fluctuations.
Back to top



A5: Is there any minimum transaction amount for setting up or amending or cancelling SMIP? 
The minimum amount for setting up or amending or cancelling SMIP is HKD1,000. The minimum amount for top-up existing SMIP is HKD5,000.
Back to top



A6: How can I set up a Stocks Monthly Investment Plan with HSBC?
Apply now at HSBC Internet Banking, or Simply visit any HSBC branch in Hong Kong to set up the Stocks Monthly Investment Plan. Please note that it takes five business days (excluding Saturday) to set up the Plan.
Back to top


Unit Trusts

A1: What are unit trusts? How can I benefit from unit trusts investment?
Unit trusts (or mutual funds) give investors the opportunity to diversify even a small investment in securities, bonds, currencies and commodities in markets around the world. This is achieved by combining the resources of many investors into one large fund which can be spread over a number of different investments and over a wide geographical area. This range of investments is called a portfolio. 
				Unit trusts have a number of benefits: 


Spreading the risk. You spread your investment across a diverse portfolio. This is usually safer than investing in a single share. Of course, levels of risk and return also vary among different funds. 
Professional management. Fund managers spend their working lives researching and managing investments. It would be very difficult for an individual to have an in-depth knowledge of markets around the world. With a unit trust, their expertise is working for you. 
Access to worldwide markets. Your money can be invested in overseas markets, which may not be easily accessible by individuals.
Economies of scale. With a large number of investors contributing to a single fund, operating costs and commissions can be amortised. Individual investors thus pay lower fees. 
Liquidity. You can buy and sell unit trusts on any dealing day (except on public holidays in the countries to which your fund is linked). Your money need not be tied up for a specific period of time. 

Some unit trust products are linked to the index options listed on the various stock exchanges or sometimes to currency options. They can be slightly riskier than more diverse funds.
Back to top



A2: Are they very expensive?
You can start up a unit trust for the price of a dinner for two, and you can make a monthly minimum contribution of as little as HKD1,000.
Back to top



A3: Can I get easy access to my investment?
Unit trusts are very flexible and you can buy and sell unit trusts on any (dealing) day. Your proceeds can take as little as seven working days to access.
Back to top



A4: Do I have to make a lump sum investment?
You don't need to make a large lump sum investment. We can also offer you a monthly investment plan where no initial lump sum is required and the monthly contribution is as low as HKD1,000.
Back to top



A5: Are they high risk?
Unit trusts obviously have an element of risk but less so than direct investment on the stock market. Risk is comparatively lower because it may be spread over a number of years, a variety of commodities, currencies or countries - you are spreading the risk.
Back to top



A6: Are the returns low?
Because unit trusts are comparatively low-risk investment, they therefore can offer lower rates of return in comparison to high-risk direct investments.
Back to top



A7: Are they difficult to monitor?
Professional fund managers do this for you, so you don't have to monitor them on a daily basis. They have access to information and research statistics from economists and analysts around the world, and keep you updated of major changes.
Back to top



A8: Are the commission fees high?
Unit trust fees are actually much lower than if you were to set up an individual fund or investment. This is due to economies of scale. As a large number of investors are involved in a fund the fee cost is therefore shared and thus reduced.
Back to top



A9: What are the different types of Unit Trusts available through HSBC?
HSBC offers wide range of unit trusts under 3 major asset categories, namely Equity funds, Balanced or Multi-assets funds and Fixed Income funds. Individual funds investing in different regions, has different investment strategies and investment objectives to better serve our customer's wealth needs against his/her risk appetite.  
Back to top



A10: Are unit trusts investment similar to a pension plan? 
Broadly speaking, unit trusts serve as one of the major investment tools to fulfill customer's retirement needs and planning currently. It also serves to cater customer's education needs, for wealth accumulation and other wealth needs.
Back to top



A11: What are the key charges in Unit Trusts? How can I access to these fees details and understand the potential risks involved?
The relevant fees and charges of individual unit trusts may vary, including but not limited to Initial Charge and Annual Management Fee.  Please refer the detailed fees and charges from the respective offering documents. 
Back to top



A12: What are the risks in investing in Unit Trusts?
In general, investors are exposed to following risks in investing in unit trusts and investors should refer to the individual product offering document for further details and risks involved.

Investment Risk - Unit Trusts are NOT equivalent to time deposits. They are investment products and some may involve derivatives. Investment involves risks. Past performance is no guide to future performance of the funds.  Value of the investments can fluctuate and is not guaranteed.
Credit risk - For funds investing in bonds, bonds are subject to the risk of the issuer defaulting on its obligations. It should also be noted that credit ratings assigned by credit rating agencies do not guarantee the creditworthiness of the issuer 
Liquidity risk -  There is a risk that investments made by a unit trust may become less liquid in response to unfavourable market developments or market sentiment
Currency risk - If the fund's assets and income are denominated in currencies other than the base currency of the fund, currency movement may affect the value of the fund's share price.
Back to top



A13: How can I subscribe or redeem unit trusts through my HSBC account? 
You can place your subscription and redemption orders via HSBC Internet Banking. If you already have an HSBC Investment Services/Securities account, you can simply log on and execute your orders with us. We also offer Unit Trusts Investment Services through our branches. To open an Investment Services/Securities account, simply visit www.hsbc.com.hk any time or visit any HSBC branch in Hong Kong.
Back to top



A14: Will the bank provide me with regular statements of my unit trusts investment? 
Yes, HSBC will provide contract note of relevant transactions and you can also find your unit trusts holding record in the monthly consolidated statement (if applicable).
Back to top


Structured Products

A1: What are Structured Products? And How does it work?
Structured Products are investment instruments embedded with derivatives, under which the return, the amount due and/or the method of settlement is determined by reference to 1) changes in the price, value and/or level of one or more reference underlying assets; and/or 2) the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event.
Back to top



A2: How can I benefit from investing in Structured Products?
Customer can benefit from investing in Structured Products:

Return - by participating in the performance of various underlying assets to achieve a higher potential return in some market situation
Capital Protection - some types of Structured Products offer investors principal protection at maturity
Callable - some Structured Products come with auto-callable or callable feature, which enable the investors to receive their investment capital earlier than maturity. 
Portfolio diversification - allowing diversification through participation in the performance of different assets or markets. 
Back to top



A3: What is Pre-Investment Cooling-off Period?
Effective from 1 January 2011, a Pre-Investment Cooling Off Period arrangement is required by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA) for non-listed derivative product purchases to enhance investor protection to ensure that customers have sufficient time to consider the non-listed derivative product purchase.
Pre-Investment Cooling-off Period (PICOP) is applicable to each particular dealing of the Structured Products if investor is one of the following retail customer types:
				(1)  An elderly customer aged 65 or above, unless investor is not a first-time buyer of that particular type of structured products AND investor's asset concentration^ is below 20% AND investor opts out from the PICOP arrangement; or 
				(2)  A non-elderly investor who is a first time buyer of that particular type of structured products AND investor's asset concentration is 20% or above.

If Pre-Investment Cooling-off Period is applicable to investor, investor can only subscribe for the product at least 2 calendar days (of which the last day should be a business day) after product discussion with the Bank.  This is to ensure that investor have sufficient time to understand the product and consider the appropriateness of the investment before deciding on the subscription.
^ For the purpose of determining whether PICOP is applicable, asset concentration refers to the percentage of total net worth (excluding real estate properties) to be invested in this product.
Back to top



A4: What is Post-Sale Cooling-off Period?
If the investment period of the Equity Linked Investment customers subscribe is more than one year, customer can cancel or unwind (as the case may be) the whole of the Equity Linked Investment purchase order during the period from (and including) the date customers place the purchase order to (and including) the fifth Hong Kong business day after the order date (this period is referred to as the post-sales cooling-off period), and get back the issue price minus any negative market value adjustment.  Please refer to the Product Booklet for details.    The Bank does not apply any handling charge on such cancel or unwind order.   If customers choose to cancel or unwind the Equity Linked Investment purchase order during the post-sales cooling off period, please contact our branch between 10:00am and 12:00 noon on any Hong Kong business day during the post-sales cooling-off period.  Our staff will help you complete the sell order form.  
Back to top



A5: What are the different types of Structured Products available through HSBC?
Structured Products linked to various underlying including equity, Exchanged Traded Fund (ETF), foreign exchange (FX), and interest rates are offered in HSBC.
Back to top



A6: Will the bank provide me any confirmation advice/ contract note of my investment?
Advice will be provided to customers upon deposit placement & maturity for Deposit Plus, Capital Protected Investment Deposits, and Equity Linked Investments.
Back to top



A7: What are the risks in investing in Structured Products?
In general, investors are exposed to following risks in investing in Structured Products and investors should refer to the individual product offering document for further details and risks involved.

Not equivalent to a time deposit - Structured products are embedded with derivatives and are not equivalent to time deposits.
Maximum potential loss - For non capital protected structured products, the downside risk may be unlimited, and you could lose all of the investment in extreme cases
Market risk - You will be exposed to the market risks and price movement of the reference asset, which will affect the payout under the structured product.
Liquidity risk - Some structured products do not offer redemption feature and you must be prepared to invest in the product for the entire tenor of the product.  For products with redemption feature, you may sell the product before maturity but you may suffer a potential loss of principal irrespective of the asset price performance
Credit risk / Default Risk of Issuer - If the issuer becomes insolvent or defaults on its obligations under the product, you can only claim as an unsecured creditor of the issuer.  In the worst scenario, you could lose all of your investment.
Currency risk - If the settlement currency is not your home currency, you may make a gain or loss due to exchange fluctuations.
Back to top



A8: What are the different fees & charges for Structured Products?
In general, there are no additional charges on investing Structured Products, all operational, administrative and hedging costs, etc have already been contained and subsumed within the calculation of the return and/or other variables of the Product.
If customer elects for physical settlement for Equity Linked Investment, customer will need to pay for related deposit transaction charge plus stamp duty for the underlying assets being deposited to your investment account.
				
Back to top



A9: Can I sell the Structured Products before it matures? Is there a penalty to unwind early?
Customers can early sell back Equity Linked Investments and Interest Rate Linked Capital Protected Investment Deposit subject to individual product offering documents.  The early sell back price will be subject to prevailing market conditions and may be less than the principal amount of the original investment.
Back to top


Deposit Plus

A1: How is the Integrated Account Secured Credit Facility Loan Ratio calculated when the Deposit Plus deposit date is 2 business days after the application submission?
After the Deposit Plus order placement on trade date and before deposit date:

For order with deposit currency in foreign currency (FCY), the order 'hold amount' will be deducted from the account available balance and thus will not be included in the Credit limit of Secured Credit Facility calculation.  The Credit limit of Secured Credit Facility will drop during the period accordingly since FCY deposit has been included in the Credit limit of Secured Credit Facility calculation before trade date.
For order with deposit currency in HKD, the order 'hold amount' will also be deducted from the account available balance and will not be included in the Credit limit of Secured Credit Facility calculation. Yet, the Credit limit of Secured Credit Facility will not be affected during the period since HKD deposit has not been included in the Credit limit of Secured Credit Facility calculation before trade date.

On DPS deposit date, i.e. on trade date + 2 business days,
				- Order amount in any deposit currency will be included in the calculation of Credit limit of Secured Credit Facility until it is uplifted on maturity date
Back to top


Foreign Exchange

A1: How can I invest in foreign currency with HSBC ?
You can invest in foreign currency with HSBC via a number of ways.  You can use our 24-Hour Foreign Exchange Service to place your exchange instruction anytime anywhere via internet or mobile banking.  
				If you have a target exchange rate in mind, you can use our FX Order Watch Trading Service to preset your instruction.  
				If you want to accumulate your foreign currencies or RMB via regular saving, you can use the ForEx / RMB Switching Service to preset your exchange instructions and we will automatically execute the instructions for you according to your preset criteria.  
Back to top



A2: What is FX Order Watch Trading Services ?
FX Order Watch Trading Services is available to HSBC Premier and HSBC Advance customers only.   Customers can pre-set their own target FX rate using Internet Banking or Mobile Banking to convert funds automatically within accounts for the foreign exchange when the FX rate is hit.   It also provides an alert service which customers will be informed via SMS/email when the FX rate is hit. 
Back to top



A3: What can I use FX for?
Customers can use HSBC's foreign exchange services for many purposes which include but not limit to the followings :

Meet your "wealth accumulation" needs, e.g. pre-set instruction using RMB switching service to accumulate RMB at your own pace.
Meet your "family" needs, e.g. use FX Order Watch and alert service to pre-set instruction to convert funds to other currenices at your preferred rate to settle oversea payment like mortgage or tuition fee for your children.
Meet your "Lifestyle needs", e.g. use pre-order foreign currencies services when you plan to travel to overseas so as to save your queuing time for currency exchange at branch.

Back to top



A4: What are the regulatory restrictions related to FX?
There are no Hong Kong regulatory restrictions on general foreign exchange.  However, for margin FX, it is subject to regulatory restrictions.

Back to top



A5: Who can transact in FX?
All customers who have valid foreign currency account can transact in FX.
Back to top



A6: What platforms are available for me to deal in FX?
 Following major service platforms are available for HSBC customers to conduct FX transactions :

FX Order Watch Trading Service
FX / RMB Switching Service
24-hour online foreign exchange service

Please refer to the Foreign Exchange section in our website for more details of each service.
Back to top



A7: What are the risks associated with FX products?
When conducting in foreign exchange, customers need to be aware of the following risks. 
				Currency conversion risk - the value of your foreign currency and RMB deposit will be subject to the risk of exchange rate fluctuation. If you choose to convert your foreign currency and RMB deposit to other currencies at an exchange rate that is less favourable than the exchange rate in which you made your original conversion to that foreign currency and RMB, you may suffer loss in principal.
				

Back to top



A8: Being a customer, will I get access to latest FX update and houseviews?
HSBC customers are provided with timely and comprehensive FX information from our FX specialist.  Please refer to Foreign Exchange Market News section in our website and you will find the latest FX market information, including trend chart, technical analysis and comments from our FX specialist for most major currencies.
Back to top



A9: What are the various FX services that Bank offers me?
HSBC offers a comprehensive foreign exchange services to customers which include :

24-Hour Foreign Exchange Service
Pre-order Foreign Currency Service
ForEx/Renminbi Switching Services
FX Order Watch Trading Services
Please refer to Foreign Exchange section in our website for more details
Back to top


IPOs

A1: What is an IPO?
IPO stands for Initial Public Offering. It is the first time a company issues securities/bonds to investors. The newly issued securities/bonds may be listed on a stock exchange.  
Back to top



A2: What are the risks associated with IPOs?

Over-subscribing to an IPO
					In some cases, IPOs may be oversubscribed. The company may go through a balloting/allocation process to determine whether an investor will receive any securities and if so, in what quantity. An investor may be tempted to subscribe for a greater quantity than he intended to, believing that he will not receive the full amount in case of over-subscription. However if the IPO is not oversubscribed, the investor will receive all the quantity applied for and will have to pay the full cost. 

Market risk
					There is a risk that the company's share price will drop below its initial IPO price, once the company's securities/bonds trading (on the stock market or otherwise) commences. Securities/bond/ prices will fluctuate over time. 

Company risk
					It is vital to understand the company and the business you are investing in. Thoroughly study the prospectus, financial reports and even seek professional advice before you make investment decisions. For more information on investing, visit our Investment Services.  
Back to top



A3: What is HSBC IPO Nominees Services?
It is a service open for HSBC Investment Services/Securities account holders to subscribe for newly listed/issued securities/bonds/certificates of deposits in IPO in HSBC Nominee's name. Customers can click on www.hsbc.com.hk and follow the links to fill in the IPO application form and choose the settlement account from any of their HSBC accounts. 
Back to top



A4: What are the benefits of applying with HSBC IPO Nominees Services ?

					HSBC would like to provide you with the greatest convenience. If you choose to apply for securities with HSBC IPO Nominees Services (to do so, you must maintain an Investment Services/Securities account with HSBC), we will help you through with the whole application process, and you may enjoy the following benefits: 

Payment Convenience - you can choose to pay the application money from any of your HSBC account and we will directly debit your account, saving much of your time in payment arrangement.
Earliest Availability - your allotted securities/bonds/certificates of deposit will be directly credited into your Investment Services/Securities account on the first listing/issue day, which will allow you to take immediate actions according to market conditions.
Refund Convenience - any refund of the application money will be directly credited to your payment account.

Back to top




A5: Do I need to register with HSBC if I apply through HSBC IPO Nominees Services? Is there any service charge or handling fee?

Yes, to apply through HSBC IPO Nominees Services, you need to maintain an Investment Services/ Securities account with the Bank. The securities/bonds/certificates of deposit allotted will be directly deposited into the Investment Services/Securities account with the Bank. Unless otherwise specified, there will be a handling charge of HKD50 for every stock IPO application through HSBC Internet and Mobile Banking. The handling charge will be HKD100 if the stock IPO application is through our designated branches or IPO service hotline on (852) 2269 2121.  For bond and certificates of deposit IPOs, there will be a handling fee of 0.15% on the subscription amount through HSBC designated branches, IPO service hotline, Internet and Mobile Banking. There may also be other charges in respect of individual IPO. Please refer to the details of respective IPO at the eIPO Centre.  
Back to top




A6: How can I make the application payment for the application? Is there any maximum payment limit applicable?

With HSBC IPO Nominees Services, you can choose to debit the application money from any of your HSBC savings or current accounts. 
				There is no payment limit as long as you have deposited enough money for the application in your chosen settlement account. However, you should ensure that there are sufficient funds in the account to cover the full subscription cost no later than 12 midnight on the day which is one business day prior to the closing date of the public offer period, otherwise, your IPO application will be cancelled accordingly.  
Back to top



A7: Is online IPO application available 24 hours a day?
Yes, it is a round-the-clock service and you can submit your application via HSBC Internet and Mobile Banking for the particular IPO anytime within the specified HSBC IPO Nominees Services offering period. 
Back to top



A8: How do I know if whether my application has been successfully submitted?
You can check your chosen settlement account on the IPO closing date, since application money will only be debited if the application has been successfully submitted.  
Back to top



A9: Can I amend or cancel my application?
No, once you submit the eIPO application, we will start processing it and you cannot amend or cancel your application.  
Back to top



A10: How do I know if my application is successful or not?
For successful applications, newly allotted securities/bonds/certificates of deposit will be credited into your Investment Services/Securities on the Issue Date. You can then take immediate action according to market conditions.  
Back to top



A11: How will I be refunded should my application be partially successful or wholly unsuccessful?
For partially successful and wholly unsuccessful applications, the application money (or part thereof) will be credited back directly to your chosen settlement account within the days specified in the respective Prospectus/Offering Memorandum.  
Back to top


 Marginal FX (Business FAQ)

A1: What is a Market Order? 
A market order is executed immediately when placed and is priced at the prevailing market rate at the time of execution. When placing a market order, the transaction is usually executed at, or very near, the price displayed when the order was submitted. However, due to the rapidly changing nature of FX exchange rates, it is possible for the rate to move more than you are willing to accept.
To address this, HSBC Margin FX platform enables you to place upper and lower bound on each order that will prohibit the order's execution if the market rate falls outside the limits you specify. The customer is also allowed to set up stop loss, take profit and trailing stop instructions under Market Order.
Back to top



A2: What is a Limit Order?
A limit order is the order to buy or sell a currency pair at a specified price within a defined period. When the specified price is reached, the limit order will be executed.
Back to top



A3: What is a Take Profit Order?
A take profit order is used to lock in profits in the event a currency moves in a favourable direction from the current level.
Back to top




A4: What is a Stop Loss Order?
A stop loss order is similar to a take profit order but rather than locking in a profit, this order type sets a threshold to prevent continuing losses by automatically closing a position once the exchange rate reaches the level you assign to the order.
Back to top




A5:What is a Trailing Stop Order?
Trailing stop order is a stop loss order where the price at which an open position is closed changes dynamically based on a specified spread from the relevant quotation price. If the relevant quotation price for an open position moves in a favourable direction but stays unchanged if the relevant quotation price for an open position moves in an unfavourable direction.
Back to top




A6:What is the difference between an order, trade, and position?  
An order is the expressed intention to buy or sell currency. A trade is the execution of the order. A position is the aggregate of all trades for a particular currency pair. 
In the case where only one trade is open for a given currency pair, sometimes the terms trade and position are used interchangeably.
Back to top




A7:What are bid and ask price?  
Each currency pair listed is accompanied by an exchange rate that shows the bid and ask price. The bid price is the rate that the market/broker is willing to buy for the currency pair; in other words, this is the rate you sell the currency pair to the market. The ask price is the rate at which the market/broker is willing to sell and it represents the rate you buy the currency pair. 
The difference between the bid and the ask price is referred to as the spread. The bid price is always less than the ask price.
Back to top




A8:What is a 'unit'?
'unit' is the base currency in a currency pair. For example:
				
				1 unit of USD/CAD, USD/CHF or USD/JPY would equal 1 US Dollar.
				
				1 unit of EUR/USD, EUR/CHF or EUR/HKD would equal 1 Euro.
				

				This provides the flexibility for you to specify an amount that suit your investment need. The maximum trade size is 5 million units of trading currency.
				

				The number of units you can trade with is determined by: the currency pair, the margin you have available, and the margin ratio for your account.
				
Back to top




A9:What is a 'pip'? 
Pip is the abbreviation of "price interest point". One pip for most currency pairs is referring to the 4th decimal place of the exchange rate. For currency pair that involves JPY, one pip is referring 2nd decimal place of the exchange rate. Another term 'pipettes' is 1/10 of pip.


Back to top




A10:How do I open an account?  
You need to go through our online application process. Your risk attitude, previous investment experience and other related factors will be reviewed in the application. It usually takes 2 to 3 working days to complete. You will receive confirmation letter and email upon account opening.
Back to top




A11:What is the minimum account balance?
The minimum deposit for opening of margin FX trading services is USD 10,000 or equivalent. The deposit can be placed in any of your collateral accounts.
Back to top




A12:What are HSBC Margin FX's trading hours?  
The Margin FX platform accepts trades from 5 am Monday HKT to 5 am Saturday HKT during summer time (US daylight saving), and 5 am Monday HKT to 6 am Saturday HKT during winter time (non-US daylight saving).
Back to top




A13:What currencies can I trade in?
You can trade in the following currencies:
				
				10 currencies: AUD, CAD, CHF, EUR, GBP, HKD, JPY, NZD, SGD and USD.
				
				45 currency pairs in total.
				
Back to top




A14:What is the minimum and maximum trade size?  
There is no minimum trade size. The maximum trade size is 5m at base currency. For example, if you are trading EUR/USD, the maximum trade you can make will be for EUR 5m. Please note that the total open positions cannot exceed USD 20m.
Back to top




A15:How often are the prices updated?  
The prices are updated in real-time. When the market (or price) for a currency changes it will be reflected to the customer immediately.
Back to top




A16:Can I go long and short at the same time?
It is not possible to hold long and short positions of the same currency pair at the same time in the same account. The platform will offset such positions on a first-in, first-out basis.
				
				For example:
				
				Your account currently has below completed trades:
				
				  - 30,000 units EUR/USD at long position (Order executed on 13 Dec 2011)
				
				  - 50,000 units EUR/USD at long position (Order executed on 14 Dec 2011)
				
				If you place a market order to sell 38,000 units EUR/USD, this order will be split into 2 trades. The long position of 30,000 units EUR/USD, executed on 13 Dec 2011, will be offset first. The remaining 8,000 units from the sell order will reduce the long position of EUR/USD executed on 14 Dec 2011.
				
In the end, your account will have 42,000 units EUR/USD at long position (Order executed on 14 Dec 2011).
				
Back to top




A17:Are limit orders executed at the specified price?  
A limit order is triggered once the specified price in the order is reached. The Margin FX system will execute the trade using the price in the system at that moment. However, if the market is very volatile, the execution price may not necessarily be the same as the specified price.
				
				You can protect yourself against unexpected price movements by setting upper and lower bound to your order so that the order will get executed only if the price at the server lies within the bounds. Please note that if the price is outside the bound range at the moment of execution, the limit order will be cancelled. In other words, the order will not be executed even if the price moves back within the range in a very short period. Customer has to place the order again.
				
Back to top




A18:Why was my order triggered when it appeared that its execution price was not reached? 
The Margin FX platform will not trigger an order if the execution price has not been reached. You should compare the execution price of buy order against the ask price and that of sell order against the bid price.
				
				If you are looking at the Close Price, Candlestick, HLOC, or HLC charts, your order may appear to be out of bounds because the bid and ask prices are not being displayed. Instead, you can use the Min-Max chart view when examining your trades. This chart displays the range between the minimum bid and the maximum ask prices during each time interval.
				
Back to top




A19:How is my account leverage ratio determined?  
Your account leverage ratio is assigned based on your investment experience, trading frequency and other relevant information. The leverage ratio will be assigned at the bank's absolute discretion.
				
				Please note that the maximum leverage ratio for the currency pairs that involve HKD is 5:1. For example, if you have leverage ratio of 20:1 and trade EUR/HKD, you will be only entitled to the leverage ratio of 5:1. If you trade EUR/USD, you will still be entitled to 20:1 leverage ratio. If you have been assigned a leverage ratio lower than 5:1, you will be only entitled to that assigned leverage ratio for trading all currency pairs.
				
Back to top




A20:How can I change my account leverage ratio?  
You can submit a form to change your leverage ratio. Please note the following:
				

The change of leverage ratio will apply to all of your sub accounts
You should maintain sufficient balance to cover the new margin requirement after the new leverage ratio is effective.
Your newly requested leverage ratio will be reviewed based on relevant information including your investment experience, trading frequency, etc.
The leverage ratio will be assigned at the bank's absolute discretion.

Back to top




A21:Can I have more than one collateral account? 
Yes, you can open a HKD account and a USD account.
Back to top




A22:Does my margin deposit earn interest? 
 Yes, your collateral account is a statement savings account and interest bearing.
Back to top




A23:Can I deposit funds in any other currency other than HKD dollars?  
Yes, you can deposit funds in any currency and it will be converted to either USD or HKD, depending upon what type of collateral account you hold. 
Back to top




A24:How do I deposit money to my collateral account?  
You can transfer in or deposit cash via branch, internet banking, phonebanking service and ATM/ Cash Deposit Machine.
Back to top




A25: How do I withdraw money from my collateral account? 
You can withdraw from internet banking and branch. 
Back to top




A26:What is Margin Call?  
Margin call refers to the notifications to the customers when the net asset value of their account falls to the level which is at specific percentage above the close-out level. Customers are required to either deposit more funds in order that they have sufficient margin to cover the position, or close some of the positions.
Back to top




A27:Do I pay interest on my account when there is a margin call?  
No. However, if you do not deposit enough collateral and when the price further drops to the level that your NAV is below 50% of margin requirement, your position will be closed out by the system. 
Back to top




A28:What is a closeout?  
The Margin FX platform has a unique feature whereby the customer's positions are automatically liquidated when a certain threshold has been breached. The closeout is to protect customers from unlimited losses and thereby protecting HSBC from credit exposure. The closeout will be automatically triggered when the net asset value falls below 50% of the margin required to maintain all of the customers open positions. When this occurs the platform will close all of the customers open positions simultaneously. 
Back to top




A29:Why are the rates from other sources different from those on Margin FX platform?  
Different sources will always quote different price levels. As there is variability in the spread, it is certain that most sources will differ from each other at any given time. 
				
				We advise our customers to use external rate sources as a general guide for price levels, but that they should never be used as a direct comparison to the prices on Margin FX platform, which are always considered to be authoritative.
				
Back to top




A30:How do I set the quote currencies which appear in the Quote Panel or Quote List?  



Back to top




A31: How do I open the quote panel in another window? 



Back to top




A32:How can I draw a trendline?  



				1. Click the Draw Trendlines button located above the graph, the second icon from the right. A menu which lists different types of trendlines appears.
				
				2. Select the type of trendline you want to draw.
				
				3. Place the cursor where you would like the trendline to begin, and click. (For horizontal and vertical trendlines, simply click once to place the line.)
				
				4. Move the cursor where you would like the trendline to end, and click.
				
Back to top




A33:What types of trendlines can I draw?  

				Basic trendlines are straight lines that you can draw on the graph to mark times, values, or trends. Margin FX platform includes below options:
				
				 1. Vertical Trendline: Used to mark a time period.
				 2. Horizontal Trendline: Used to mark a price.
				 3. Trendline: A diagonal line to mark trends or movement on the graph.

				Advanced trendlines:
				
				 1. Fibonacci Arc				
				 2. Fibonacci Fan				
				 3. Fibonacci Retracement				
				 4. Fibonacci Time Zone				
				 5. Pivot Points				
				 6. Speed Lines				

				For more information on trendlines, please refer to the documents inside 'Learn more about Margin FX' in our platform.
				
Back to top




A34:How can I manage the display of trendlines?  
Click the Draw Trendlines button located above the graph, the second icon from the right.
				


				Use the bottom menu items to:
				

Show or hide trendlines
Show or hide trendline labels (available for advanced trendlines)
Turn on magnetic trendlines (so trendlines stick to the graph when you plot them).
Remove all trendlines for the currently viewed currency pair


Back to top




A35:How can I modify the appearance of a trendline?  
 
				Click over an existing trendline to modify it. A menu will appear:
				


Back to top




A36:How do I filter information on 'Full Trades History' page?  



				Click Buy/Sell at the top of Margin FX platform and select Full Trades History. The above screen will pop up.
				
Account: You can select from a list of your accounts.
Field Selection: You can select different kind of information (e.g. price, rollover interest) you want to display for the trades.
From Date: You can specify the start date for the period you want to view for your trades.
To Date: You can specify the end date for the period you want to view for your trades.
Number of days to retrieve: You can specify the number of days you want to view for your trades. For example, if you input 2 in this field, it will display the trades of latest 2 days.
				
Back to top




A37:How do I change my default trading parameters?  
Parameters can be set for all currency pairs or a specific currency pair:
				


				Click 'Setting' at the top of the platform and select User Preferences. A 'User Preferences' screen will appear and select Trading.
				
				The following settings apply to all currency pairs:
				
					 1. Enable Bounds By Default: Automatically enables and populates the bounds fields in the Order window with the default bounds.				
					 2. Enable Stop Loss By Default: Automatically enables and populates the stop loss field in the Order window with the default stop loss.				
					 3. Enable Take Profit By Default: Automatically enables and populates the take profit field in the Order window with the default take profit.				
					 4. Enable Trailing Stop By Default: Enables the trailing stop and uses the default trailing stop values every time the Limit Order and Market Order windows are opened				
					 5. Show Confirmation Windows: Click if you want to see windows asking you to confirm your action after you buy, sell, close, or modify a trade order.				
					 6. Confirm Position Reversal: Notifies you if a position is being reduced, closed, or reversed by a new trade. This notification will be issued even if confirmation windows are disabled.				
				Please note that the stop loss option is enabled by default with a pre-set stop loss limit. Customers should change the default set up if desired.
				The following settings apply to specific currency pair:
				First select a currency pair and click the Use Custom Settings box.
					 1. MARKET: Choose a currency pair from this list box for you to use custom settings for thatpair. Leave "DEFAULT" selected if you want the settings to apply to all pairs.
					 2. Use Custom Settings: Check this box if you want the settings to apply to the pair you selected from the MARKET list box. (This box is grayed out if the DEFAULT market is selected.)
				After you customize settings for a particular currency pair, you can toggle between those settings and the default settings by clicking this check box on and off.
					 3. Default Order Size: The default order size used in any "units" field (for example, in the Buy/Sell window). Use the pull-down menu beside this field to set the number of units (for example, 10,000) of the base currency or the account currency, or the percentage of units available to trade.
					 4. Default Bounds: The default value that appears in the bounds fields of the Buy/Sell window. Choose from pips, a percentage, or a monetary amount.
					 5. Default Stop Loss: The default value that appears in the Stop Loss field. Choose from pips, a percentage, or a monetary amount.
					 6. Default Take Profit: The default value that appears in the Take Profit field. Choose from pips, a percentage, or a monetary amount.
					 7. Default Trailing Stop: For trailing stops, determines the default amount and units (pips, price, a set amount of the home currency, or a percentage of price, balance, or NAV).
				Note: the trigger price is calculated from the bid price (for short market orders) or the sell price(for long market orders). It means that the trigger price is determined by the maximum trailing stop plus the spread.
				
					 8. Default Limit Order Duration: By default, limit orders expire after one week. Instead, you can set the default expiry period to a selected number of hours, days, or even a month.
				
				Please click Apply and Save after you have finished changing the parameters.			
				
Back to top




A38:What does NSE mean when it appears in my trade activity?  
NSE means non sufficient funds. 
Back to top



Marginal FX (Technical FAQ)

A1:Why can't I connect to the Margin FX Trading Platform?  
When you log on to the Margin FX Trading Platform from the web, a pop-up window appears.
				






 
Cause
Solution


1 
The pop-up block software
						  installed does not allow the trading platform to load.
You can configure the software so that it allows the pop-ups from Margin FX Trading Platform.


2
The Java plug-in cache is corrupted.
You can clear the Java cache (See Q6 - How do I clear my Java cache?)


3
Your computer has 'behind the firewall' error. 
You can check if the 'behind the firewall' error is caused by hardware router. From the Windows start menu, click Run and type CMD. Once the black command prompt comes up, type IPCONFIG and press enter. If your IP address starts with 192 or 10, you have a hardware router. If not, you are directly connected to the Internet. If your computer is behind a hardware firewall, please make sure port 443(default port for HTTPS) is open when your access the Margin FX trading platform.


4
Your Java version is not upto-date.
Margin FX Trading Platform is supported by Java version 1.5 or above. You can download the most updated Java version from http://java.com.



					If you have any problems, please call (852) 2233 3322 for HSBC Premier customers,
					(852) 2748 8333 for HSBC Advance customers or (852) 2233 3000 for other Personal Banking
					customers

				
			    Back to top



A2:The loading bar in the pop-up window stops at a percentage. How can I fix this problem?  
One of the reasons for this freeze is that your web browser cache is corrupted. Please follow our instructions on how to clear your cache. (see Q6 - How do I clear my Java cache?)
				
				Alternatively, you may have an old version of Java which needs to be upgraded. Please visit http://java.com and install the latest version.
				
Back to top



A3:Which web browser is compatible with Margin FX Trading Platform?  
You can use any browser with Java 5 support and 128-bit encryption, which includes popular web
browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer version 7.0 and above, Firefox version 1.0 and above, and
Safari version 2.0 and above.
Back to top



A4:The Margin FX Trading Platform was frozen after I opened many graph windows. How can I fix this problem?  
Your Margin FX Trading Platform configuration may require more memory than that has been allotted for Java processes. If your computer has sufficient memory, you can increase the amount of memory that Java is allowed to use. Otherwise, you can reduce the number or size of graphs that you are using.
				
				In order to change the maximum amount of memory that Java is allowed to use, open your Java plug-in
				control panel. Once the Java control panel is open, click the Java tab and click the View button. The Java run-time settings will open. In the column labeled java run-time parameters, type "-Xmx512m" (without the quotes) where 512 is the maximum amount of memory in megabytes that you would like Java to be able to use (or you can use another value instead of 512). Please make sure that you have included the '-' character when entering the parameter.
				


Back to top



A5:My username and password are accepted and the pop-up window appears but there is a "broken image" graphic (a red 'x') where the loading bar should be.  
It is likely that Java is disabled or not installed. To enable Java, please follow our instructions (See Q11 - How can I enable the java in the web browsers?). To install Java, please visit http://java.com.
				
				If Java is already installed, you may need to clear the cache, created by the Java plugin. (See Q6 - How do I clear my Java cache?) .
				


Back to top



A6:How do I clear my Java cache?  
Please follow below steps to clear your computer's Java plug-in cache.
				
				Windows and Linux
				
				 1. Close all applications.
				 2. Open your Java Plug-in Control Panel.
				   Windows - Navigate to Control Panel > Java Plug-in.
				   Linux - Navigate to System > Preferences > Java Control Panel.
				 3. On the General tab under Temporary Internet Files, click View...


				 4. From the Show menu, select Applications. Select all Margin FX applications and click the
red X to remove these items.


				 5. From the Show menu, select Resources. Select all Margin FX resources and click the red X to remove these items.


				 6. From the Show menu, select Deleted Applications. Select all Margin FX applications and click the red X to remove these items.


				Mac OS X
				 1. Close all Margin FX applications.
				 2. Navigate to HD > Applications > Utilities > Java Preferences.
				 3. On the Network tab, click View Cache Files...
				 4. From the Show menu, select Applications. Select all Margin FX applications and click the red X to remove these items.
				 5. From the Show menu, select Resources. Select all Margin FX resources and click the red X to remove these items.
				 6. From the Show menu, select Deleted Applications. Select all Margin FX applications and click the red X to remove these items.
				If clearing Java cache does not solve the problem, please reboot the computer to allow your system to be in a 'clean' state.
				
Back to top



A7:How can I print graphs or other parts of the Platform?  
To print graphs, click the Chart Options icon, shown as a series of vertical lines on the top right corner of the chart, and select Print Chart. To print any other portion of the platform, you need to take a screen capture of the user interface. If you are using Windows, press the Shift+PrintScreen to copy the whole screen or ress Alt+PrintScreen to copy the active window. After that, please paste the copied image into a program such as Microsoft Word or Paint.
				
				If you are using Mac OS X, press Command+Control+Shift+3 to capture the whole screen or press Command+Control+Shift+4 to capture a designated area of the screen. After that, you paste the copied image into a program such as Microsoft Word or Paint.
				
Back to top



A8:Do I need to enable pop-ups?  
You need to enable pop-up windows for the Margin FX Trading Services and Trail Account. If pop-ups are blocked, some platform windows (such as help button windows or dialog boxes) will not appear.
Back to top



A9:How can I get the latest version of Java?  
You can get the latest Java software here - http://java.com
				
Back to top



A10:Does Javascript need to be enabled?  
When you log on to the Margin FX Trading Platform, a pop-up window should appear. Please make sure that the Javascript is enabled.
				
				If a small window does not appear, you will need to enable Javascript within your browser and configure your pop-up blocking software to allow pop-ups from the Margin FX website. Please be assured that our pop-up does not contain any advertising.
				
Back to top



A11:How can I enable the Java in the web browser?  

				Please follow below steps to enable the java in different web browsers:
				Internet Explorer
					 1. Click Tools and then Internet Options
					 2. Select the Security tab, and select the Custom Level button
					 3. Scroll down to Scripting of Java applets
					 4. Make sure the Enable radio button is checked
					 5. Click OK to save your preference
				Firefox
					 1. Start Mozilla Firefox browser or restart it if it is already running
					 2. At the top of the browser, select the Firefox button (or Tools menu in Windows XP), then Add-ons The Add-ons Manager tab will open.
					 3. In the Add-ons Manager tab, select Plugins
					 4. Click Java (TM) Platform plugin to select it
					 5. Click on the Enable button (if the button says Disable, Java is already enabled)
				Chrome
					 1. Click on the wrench icon, then select Options.
					 2. Select Under the Hood and then Privacy Content Settings. The Content Settings panel will appear.
					 3. In the Plug-ins section, select the Disable individual plug-ins link to check whether Java is enabled
					 4. Click on the Enable link (if the Disable link appears, Java is already enabled)
				
Back to top


Others


A1: What should I do before I start investing?
You should know your financial need or investment objective, your current financial situation and risk tolerance. 
				Your objectives could incorporate any combination of the following: 

Protection for your family
Education for your children 
Retirement
Managing and growing wealth
Legacy planning


You should also understand how much your target is, how long you want to invest, how much you can invest and your own investment preferences.

Back to top



A2: How do I determine my investment risk tolerance?
You can make use of our Risk Profiling Questionnaire to help you find out more about your investment risk tolerance.

Back to top



A3: How can I research and keep track of my investments?
The more you know about what you're investing in the better. Stock prices and unit trust prices are quoted in the newspapers and on the Internet, and you can keep track of spot prices through your broker or your bank.
				You should also read through the relevant offering documents before making an investment decision to ensure that you understand the product features, potential return and risks involved.
Constant review helps to keep your investments up-to-date. You can consult the bank for a review of your holdings. You can also track and review your investments through our Personal Internet Banking.
				
Back to top


Disclaimers:
The information shown in this website is neither a recommendation, an offer, nor a solicitation for any investment product or service. Investment involves risk. You should carefully consider whether any investment product or service mentioned herein is appropriate for you in view of your personal circumstances. Past performance is no guide to future performance. Investors should refer to the individual product explanatory memorandum or offering document for further details and risks involved. The price of investment products may move up or down. Losses may be incurred as well as profits made as a result of buying and selling investment products.

  




Privacy and Security |
Terms of Use |
Hyperlink Policy |
Site map
© Copyright. The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited 2002-2017. All rights reserved














How Sukuk works: Introduction, structuring and application of Sukuk bonds | Islamic Finance Resource
































































Islamic Finance Resource





Skip to content

HomeBooklist
Glossary
Introduction to Islamic Finance
Shariah scholars












← Mufti Taqi Usmani presents paper at World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2010
The role of sukuk after recent defaults →


How Sukuk works: Introduction, structuring and application of Sukuk bonds

Posted on April 27, 2010 | 26 Comments


How Sukuk works: Introduction, structuring and application of Sukuk bonds

An excellent introduction to Sukuk bonds.
From: www.financeinislam.com
Author: Shariq Nisar
ISLAMIC BONDS (SUKUK): ITS INTRODUCTION AND APPLICATION
What is Sukuk 
Sukuk in general may be understood as a shariah compliant ‘Bond’. In its simplest form sukuk represents ownership of an asset or its usufruct. The claim embodied in sukuk is not simply a claim to cash flow but an ownership claim. This also differentiates sukuk from conventional bonds as the latter proceed over interest bearing securities, whereas sukuk are basically investment certificates consisting of ownership claims in a pool of assets.
Sukuk (plural of word sak) were extensively used by Muslims in the Middle Ages as papers representing financial obligations originating from trade and other commercial activities. However, the present structure of sukuk are different from the sukuk originally used and are akin to the conventional concept of securitization, a process in which ownership of the underlying assets is transferred to a large number of investors through certificates representing proportionate value of the relevant assets.
Sukuk vs. Conventional Bonds

A bond is a contractual debt obligation whereby the issuer is contractually obliged to pay to bondholders, on certain specified dates, interest and principal, whereas, the sukuk holders claims an undivided beneficial ownership in the underlying assets. Consequently, sukuk holders are entitled to share in the revenues generated by the sukuk assets as well as being entitled to share in the proceeds of the realization of the sukuk assets.
A distinguishing feature of a sukuk is that in instances where the certificate represents a debt to the holder, the certificate will not be tradable on the secondary market and instead is held until maturity or sold at par.

Accounting and Auditing Organisation for Islamic Financial Institutions (AAOIFI) defines sukuk as being:
“Certificates of equal value representing after closing subscription, receipt of the value of the certificates and putting it to use as planned, common title to shares and rights in tangible assets, usufructs and services, or equity of a given project or equity of a special investment activity”.
Benefits and Features

Tradable shariah-compliant capital market product providing medium to long-term fixed or variable rates of return. Assessed and rated by international rating agencies, which investors use as a guideline to assess risk/return parameters of a sukuk issue.
Regular periodic income streams during the investment period with easy and efficient settlement and a possibility of capital appreciation of the sukuk.
Liquid instruments, tradable in secondary market.

Uses of Sukuk Funds
The most common uses of sukuk can be named as project specific, asset-specific, and balance sheet specific.
1. Project-specific Sukuk
Under this category money is raised through sukuk for specific project. For example, Qatar Global sukuk issued by the Government of Qatar in 2003 to mobilize resources for the construction of Hamad Medical City (HMC) in Doha. In this case a joint venture special purpose vehicle (SPV), the Qatar Global sukuk QSC, was incorporated in Qatar with limited liability. This SPV acquired the ownership of land parcel, that was registered in the name of HMC. The land parcel was placed in trust and Ijara-based Trust Certificates (TCs) were issued worth US$700 million due by October 2010. The annual floating rate of return was agreed at LIBOR plus 0.45 per cent.
2. Assets-specific Sukuk
Under this arrangement, the resources are mobilise by selling the beneficiary right of the assets to the investors. For example, the Government of Malaysia raised US$ 600 million through Ijara sukuk Trust Certificates (TCs) in 2002. Under this arrangement, the beneficiary right of the land parcels has been sold by the government of Malaysia to an SPV, which was then re-sold to investors for five years. The SPV kept the beneficiary rights of the properties in trust and issued floating rate sukuk to investors.
Another example of Asset-specific sukuk is US$250 million five-year Ijara sukuk issued to fund the extension of the airport in Bahrain. In this case the underlying asset was the airport land sold to an SPV.
3. Balance Sheet-specific Sukuk
An example of the balance sheet specific use of sukuk funds is the Islamic Development Bank (IDB) sukuk issued in August 2003. The IDB mobilised these funds to finance various projects of the member countries. The IDB made its debut resource mobilization from the international capital market by issuing US$ 400 million five-year sukuk due for maturity in 2008.
 
Types of Sukuk
Sukuk can be of many types depending upon the type of Islamic modes of financing and trades used in its structuring. However, the most important and common among those are ijarah, shirkah, salam and istisna. Among the fourteen eligible sukuks identified by the AAOIFI, following are more common:
1. Mudaraba Sukuk
These are investment sukuk that represent ownership of units of equal value in the Mudaraba equity and are registered in the names of holders on the basis of undivided ownership of shares in the Mudaraba equity and its returns according to the percentage of ownership of share. The owners of such sukuk are the rabbul-mal. (AAOIFI). Mudarba sukuk are used for enhancing public participation in big investment projects.
Salient Features:
Following are the salient features of mudarba sukuk:

Mudarba sukuk (MS) represent common ownership and entitle their holders share in the specific projects against which the MS has been issued.
The MS contract is based on the official notice of the issue of the prospectus which must provide all information required by shariah for the Qirad contract such as the nature of capital, the ratio for profit distribution and other conditions related to the issue, which must be compatible with shariah.
The MS holder is given the right to transfer the ownership by selling the deeds in the securities market at his discretion.  The sale of MS must follow the rules listed below:

If the mudarba capital, before the operations of the project, is still in the form of money, the trading of MS would be like exchange of money for money. In that case the rules of bay al-sarf would be applied.
If muqarda capital is in the form of debt then it must satisfy the principles of debt trading in Islam.
If capital is in the form of combination of cash, receivables, goods, real assets and benefits, trade must be based on market price evolved by mutual consent.


The Manager/SPV who receives the fund collected from the subscribers to MS can also invest his own fund. He will get profit for his capital contribution in addition to his share in the profit as mudarib.
Neither prospectus nor MS should contain a guarantee, from the issuer or the manager for the fund, for the capital or a fixed profit, or a profit based on any percentage of the capital. Accordingly;

The prospectus or the MS issued pursuant to it, may not stipulate payment of a specific amount to the MS holder,
The profit is to be divided, as determined by applying rules of shariah; that is, an amount access of the capital, and not the revenue or the yield; and
Profit and Loss account of the project must be published and disseminated to MS holders.


It is permissible to create reserves for contingencies, such as loss of capital, by deducting from the profit.
The prospectus can also contain a promise made by a third party, totally un-related to the parties to the contract, in terms of legal entity or financial status, to donate a specific sum, without any counter benefit, to meet losses in the give project, provided such commitment is independent of the mudarba contract.

On the expiry of the specified time period of the subscription, the Sukuk holders is given the right to transfer the ownership by sale or trade in the securities market at his discretion.
Steps involved in the structure:

Mudarib enters into an agreement with project owner for construction/commissioning of project.
SPV issues sukuk to raise funds.
Mudarib collects regular profit payments and final capital proceeds from project activity for onward distribution to investors.
Upon completion, Mudarib hands over the finished project to the owner.

Mudaraba Sukuk in practice
Shamil Bank of Bahrain raised 360 million Saudi Riyal investment capital through the Al Ehsa Special Realty Mudaraba, representing an investment participation in a land development transaction with a real estate development company in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The investment objective of the Mudaraba is to provide investors with annual returns arising from participation in the funding of a land financing transaction Profits due to investors will be accrued on the basis of returns attained from investing the subscriptions.
2. Musharaka Sukuk
These are investment sukuk that represent ownership of Musharaka equity. It does not differ from the Mudaraba sukuk except in the organization of the relationship between the party issuing such sukuk and holders of these sukuk, whereby the party issuing sukuk forms a committee from the holders of the sukuk who can be referred to in investment decisions (AAOIFI).
Musharaka Sukuk are used for mobilizing the funds for establishing a new project or developing an existing one or financing a business activity on the basis of partnership contracts. The certificate holders become the owners of the project or the assets of the activity as per their respective shares. These Musharaka certificates can be treated as negotiable instruments and can be bought and sold in the secondary market.
“These are certificates of equal value issued with the aim of using the mobilized funds for establishing a new project, developing an existing project or financing a business activity on the basis of any partnership contracts so that the certificate holders become the owners of the project or assets of the activity as per their respective shares, with the Musharaka certificates being managed on the basis of participation or Mudaraba or an investment agency.” (AAOIFI Standard 17, 3/6)
Steps involved in the structure:
Corporate and the Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) enter into a Musharaka Arrangement for a fixed period and an agreed profit-sharing ratio. Also the corporate undertakes to buy Musharaka shares of the SPV on a periodic basis.

Corporate (as Musharik) contributes land or other physical assets to the Musharaka
SPV (as Musharik) contributes cash i.e. the issue Proceeds received from the investors to the Musharaka
The Musharaka appoints the Corporate as an agent to develop the land (or other physical assets) with the cash injected into the Musharaka and sell/lease the developed assets on behalf of the Musharaka.
In return, the agent (i.e. the Corporate) will get a fixed agency fee plus a variable incentive fee payable.
The profits are distributed to the sukuk holders.
The Corporate irrevocably undertakes to buy at a pre-agreed price the Musharaka shares of the SPV on say semi-annual basis and at the end of the fixed period the SPV would no longer have any shares in the Musharaka.

Musharaka Sukuk in Practice
US$550 million sukuk transaction for Emirates airline, the seven-year deal was a structured on a Musharaka contract. The Musharaka or joint venture was set up to develop a new engineering centre and a new headquarters building on land situated near Dubai’s airport which will ultimately be leased to Emirates. Profit, in the form of lease rentals, generated from the Musharaka venture will be used to pay the periodic distribution on the trust certificates.
Sitara Chemical Industries Ltd, a public limited company, made a public issue of profit-and-loss sharing based term finance certificates (TFC’s) worth Rs 360 million which were subscribed in June 2002. The TFC’s had a fixed life tenor of five years and profit and loss sharing was linked to the operating profit or loss of the Chemical Division of the company.
Kuwait Finance House (KFH), Liquidity Management Center (LMC) and Al Muthanna Investment Company (MIC), the mandated lead arrangers launched US$ 125 million Lagoon City Musharaka sukuk to support the Lagoon City residential and commercial real estate development as part of Kheiran Pearl City project.
3. Ijara Sukuk
These are sukuk that represent ownership of equal shares in a rented real estate or the usufruct of the real estate. These sukuk give their owners the right to own the real estate, receive the rent and dispose of their sukuk in a manner that does not affect the right of the lessee, i.e. they are tradable. The holders of such sukuk bear all cost of maintenance of and damage to the real estate. (AAOIFI)
Ijarah sukuk are the securities representing ownership of well defined existing and known assets tied up to a lease contract, rental of which is the return payable to sukuk holders. Payment of ijarah rentals can be unrelated to the period of taking usufruct by the lessee. It can be made before beginning of the lease period, during the period or after the period as the parties may mutually decide. This flexibility can be used to evolve different forms of contract and sukuk that may serve different purposes of issuers and the holders.
Features of Ijarah sukuk

It is necessary for an ijarah contract that the assets being leased and the amount of rent both are clearly known to the parties at the time of the contract and if both of these are known, ijarah can be contracted on an asset or a building that is yet to be constructed, as long as it is fully described in the contract provided that the lessor should normally be able to acquire, construct or buy the asset being leased by the time set for its delivery to the lessee (AAOIFI, 2003: 140-157). The lessor can sell the leased asset provided it does not hinder the lessee to take benefit from the asset. The new owner would be entitled to receive the rentals.
Rental in ijarah must be stipulated in clear terms for the firs term of lease, and for future renewable terms, it could be constant, increasing or decreasing by benchmarking or relating it to any well-known variable.
As per shariah rules, expenses related to the corpus or basic characteristics of the assets are the responsibility of the owner, while maintenance expenses related to its operation are to be borne by the lessee.
As regards procedure for issuance of ijarah sukuk, an SPV is created to purchase the asset(s) that issues sukuk to the investor, enabling it to make payment for purchasing the asset. The asset is then leased to third party for its use. The lessee makes periodic rental payments t the SPV that in turn distributes the same to the sukuk holders.
Ijara sukuk are completely negotiable and can be traded in the secondary markets.
Ijara sukuk offer a high degree of flexibility from the point of view of their issuance management and marketability. The central government, municipalities, awqaf or any other asset users, private or public can issue these Sukuk. Additionally, they can be issued by financial intermediaries or directly by users of the leased assets.

Steps involved in the structure

The obligator sells certain assets to the SPV at an agreed pre-determined purchase price.
The SPV raises financing by issuing sukuk certificates in an amount equal to the purchase price.
This is passed on to the obligator (as seller).
A lease agreement is signed between SPV and the obligator for a fixed period of time, where the obligator leases back the assets as lessee.
SPV receives periodic rentals from the obligator;
These are distributed among the investors i.e. the sukuk holders.
At maturity, or on a dissolution event, the SPV sells the assets back to the seller at a predetermined value. That value should be equal to any amounts still owed under the terms of the Ijara sukuk.

Ijara Sukuk in Practice
In December 2000, Kumpulan Guthrie Berhad (Guthrie) was granted a RM1.5 billion (US$400 million) Al-Ijara Al-Muntahiyah Bit-Tamik by a consortium of banks. The original facility was raised to re-finance Guthrie’s acquisition of a palm oil plantation in the Republic of Indonesia. The consortium was then invited to participate as the underwriter/primary subscriber of the Sukuk Transaction.
US$350 million sukuk Trust Certificates by Sarawak Corporate Sukuk Inc. (SCSI) Sarawak Economic Development Corporation (SEDC) raised financing amounting to US$350 million by way of issuance of series of trust certificates issued on the principle of Ijara sukuk. The certificates were issued with a maturity of 5 years and under the proposed structure, the proceeds will be used by the issuer to purchase certain assets from 1st Silicon (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd. Thereafter, the issuer will lease assets procured from 1st Silicon to SEDC for an agreed rental price for an agreed lease period of 5 years.
4. Murabaha Sukuk
In this case the issuer of the certificate is the seller of the Murabaha commodity, the subscribers are the buyers of that commodity, and the realised funds are the purchasing cost of the commodity. The certificate holders own the Murabaha commodity and are entitled to its final sale price upon the re-sale of the Commodity. The possibility of having legally acceptable Murabaha-based sukuk is only feasible in the primary market. The negotiability of these Sukuk or their trading at the secondary market is not permitted by shariah, as the certificates represent a debt owing from the subsequent buyer of the Commodity to the certificate-holders and such trading amounts to trading in debt on a deferred basis, which will result in riba.
Despite being debt instruments, the Murabaha Sukuk could be negotiable if they are the smaller part of a package or a portfolio, the larger part of which is constituted of negotiable instruments such as Mudaraba, Musharaka, or Ijara Sukuk. Murabaha sukuk are popular in Malaysian market due to a more liberal interpretation of fiqh by Malaysian jurists permitting sale of debt (bai-al-dayn) at a negotiated price.
Steps involved in the structure:

A master agreement is signed between the SPV and the borrower
SPV issues sukuk to the investors and receive sukuk proceeds.
SPV buys commodity on spot basis from the commodity supplier.
SPV sells the commodity to the borrower at the spot price plus a profit margin, payable on installments over an agreed period of time
The borrower sells the commodity to the Commodity buyer on spot basis.
The investors receive the final sale price and profits.

Murabaha Sukuk in Practice
Arcapita Bank, a Bahrain-based investment firm has mandated Bayerische Hypo-und Vereinsbank AG (“HVB”), Standard Bank Plc (“SB”) and WestLB AG, London Branch (“WestLB”) (together the “Mandated Lead Arrangers”), to arrange a Five Year Multicurrency (US$, € and £) Murabaha-backed Sukuk. Sukuk will have a five-year bullet maturity and proposed pricing three month LIBOR +175bps.
5. Salam Sukuk
Salam sukuk are certificates of equal value issued for the purpose of mobilising Salam capital so that the goods to be delivered on the basis of Salam come to the ownership of the certificate holders. The issuer of the certificates is a seller of the goods of Salam, the subscribers are the buyers of the goods, while the funds realized from subscription are the purchase price (Salam capital) of the goods. The holders of Salam certificates are the owners of the Salam goods and are entitled to the sale price of the certificates or the sale price of the Salam goods sold through a parallel Salam, if any.
Salam-based securities may be created and sold by an SPV under which the funds mobilized from investors are paid as an advance to the company SPV in return for a promise to deliver a commodity at a future date. SPV can also appoint an agent to market the promised quantity at the time of delivery perhaps at a higher price. The difference between the purchase price and the sale price is the profit to the SPV and hence to the holders of the Sukuk.
All standard shariah requirements that apply to Salam also apply to Salam sukuk, such as, full payment by the buyer at the time of effecting the sale, standardized nature of underlying asset, clear enumeration of quantity, quality, date and place of delivery of the asset and the like.
One of the Shariah conditions relating to Salam, as well as for creation of Salam sukuk, is the requirement that the purchased goods are not re-sold before actual possession at maturity. Such transactions amount to selling of debt. This constraint renders the Salam instrument illiquid and hence somewhat less attractive to investors. Thus, an investor will buy a Salam certificate if he expects prices of the underlying commodity to be higher on the maturity date.
Steps involved in the transaction:

SPV signs an undertaking with an obligator to source both commodities and buyers. The obligator contracts to buy, on behalf of the end-Sukuk holders, the commodity and then to sell it for the profit of the Sukuk holders.
Salam certificates are issued to investors and SPV receives Sukuk proceeds.
The Salam proceeds are passed onto the obligator who sells commodity on forward basis
SPV receives the commodities from the obligator
Obligator, on behalf of Sukuk holders, sells the commodities for a profit.
Sukuk holders receive the commodity sale proceeds.

Salam Sukuk in Practice
Aluminum has been designated as the underlying asset of the Bahrain Government al Salam contract, where by it promises to sell aluminum to the buyer at a specified future date in return of a full price payment in advance. The Bahrain Islamic Bank (BIB) has been nominated to represent the other banks wishing to participate in the Al Salam contract. BIB has been delegated to sign the contracts and all other necessary documents on behalf of the other banks in the syndicate. At the same time, the buyer appoints the Government of Bahrain as an agent to market the appropriate quantity at the time of delivery through its channels of distribution. The Government of Bahrain provides an additional undertaking to the representative (BIB) to market the aluminum at a price, which will provide a return to al Salam security holders equivalent to those available through other conventional short-term money market instruments.
6. Istisna Sukuk
Istisna sukuk are certificates that carry equal value and are issued with the aim of mobilising the funds required for producing products that are owned by the certificate holders. The issuer of these certificates is the manufacturer (supplier/seller), the subscribers are the buyers of the intended product, while the funds realised from subscription are the cost of the product. The certificate holders own the product and are entitled to the sale price of the certificates or the sale price of the product sold on the basis of a parallel Istisna, if any. Istisna Sukuk are quite useful for financing large infrastructure projects. The suitability of Istisna for financial intermediation is based on the permissibility for the contractor in Istisna to enter into a parallel Istisna contract with a subcontractor. Thus, a financial institution may undertake the construction of a facility for a deferred price, and sub contract the actual construction to a specialised firm.
Shariah prohibits the sale of these debt certificates to a third party at any price other than their face value. Clearly such certificates cannot be traded in the secondary market.
Steps involved in the structure:

SPV issues Sukuk certificates to raise funds for the project.
Sukuk issue proceeds are used to pay the contractor/builder to build and deliver the future project.
Title to assets is transferred to the SPV
Property/project is leased or sold to the end buyer. The end buyer pays monthly installments to the SPV.
The returns are distributed among the Sukuk holders.

Istisna Sukuk in Practice
Tabreed’s five-year global corporate Sukuk (on behalf of the National Central Cooling Company, UAE) provided a fixed coupon of 5.50%. It is a combination of Ijara Istisna and Ijara Mawsufah fi al dhimmah (or forward leasing contracts). The issue was launched to raise funds to retire some existing debt, which totals around US$136 million, as well as to finance expansion.
The Durrat Sukuk will finance the reclamation and infrastructure for the initial stage of a broader US$ 1 billion world class residential and leisure destination known as ‘Durrat Al Bahrain’, currently the Kingdom of Bahrain’s largest residential development project. The return on the Sukuk is 125 basis points over 3 months LIBOR payable quarterly, with the Sukuk having an overall tenor of 5 years and an option for early redemption. The proceeds of the issue (cash) will be used by the Issuer to finance the reclamation of the land and the development of Base Infrastructure through multiple project finance (Istisna) agreements. As the works carried out under each Istisna are completed by the Contractor and delivered to the Issuer, the Issuer will give notice to the Project Company under the Master Ijara Agreement and will lease such Base Infrastructure on the basis of a lease to own transaction.
7. Hybrid Sukuk
Considering the fact that Sukuk issuance and trading are important means of investment and taking into account the various demands of investors, a more diversified Sukuk – hybrid or mixed asset Sukuk – emerged in the market. In a hybrid Sukuk, the underlying pool of assets can comprise of Istisna, Murabaha receivables as well as Ijara. Having a portfolio of assets comprising of different classes allows for a greater mobilization of funds. However, as Murabaha and Istisna contracts cannot be traded on secondary markets as securitised instruments at least 51 percent of the pool in a hybrid Sukuk must comprise of Sukuk tradable in the market such as an Ijara Sukuk. Due to the fact the Murabaha and Istisna receivables are part of the pool, the return on these certificates can only be a pre-determined fixed rate of return.
Steps involved in the structure:

Islamic finance originator transfers tangible assets as well as Murabaha deals to the SPV.
SPV issues certificates of participation to the Sukuk holders and receive funds. The funds are used by the Islamic finance originator.
Islamic finance originator purchase these assets from the SPV over an agreed period of time.
Investors receive fixed payment of return on the assets.

Hybrid Sukuk in practice
Islamic Development Bank issued the first hybrid Sukuk of assets comprising 65.8% Sukuk al-Ijara, 30.73% of Murabaha receivables and 3.4% Sukuk al-Istisna. This issuance required the IDB’s guarantee in order to secure a rating and international marketability. The $ 400 million Islamic Sukuk was issued by Solidarity Trust Services Limited (STSL), a special purpose company incorporated in Jersey Channel Islands. The Islamic Corporation for the Development of Private Sector (ICD) played an intermediary role by purchasing the asset from IDB and selling it to The Solidarity Trust Services Limited (STSL) at the consolidated net asset value.
Conclusion
The market for sukuk is now maturing and there is an increasing momentum in the wake of interest from issuers and investors. sukuk have confirmed their viability as an alternative means to mobilise medium to long-term savings and investments from a huge investor base.
Different sukuk structures have been emerging over the years but most of the sukuk issuance to date have been ijara sukuk, since they are based on the undivided pro-rata ownership of the underlying leased asset, it is freely tradable at par, premium or discount. Tradability of the sukuk in the secondary market makes them more attractive. Although less common than Ijara sukuk, other types of sukuk are also playing significant role in emerging markets to help issuers and investors alike to participate in major projects, including airports, bridges, power plants etc. The sovereign sukuk issues, following Malaysia’s lead, are enjoying widespread and positive acclaim among Islamic investors and global institutional investors alike.
 

Advertisements




 


Share this:EmailPrintFacebookTwitterGoogleLike this:Like Loading...

Related
 

							This entry was posted in Introductory material, Sukuk. Bookmark the permalink.							


← Mufti Taqi Usmani presents paper at World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2010
The role of sukuk after recent defaults →



			26 responses to “How Sukuk works: Introduction, structuring and application of Sukuk bonds”		





ARJUN M A

				|
				
				May 20, 2010 at 3:15 pm
					|
					Reply 

i hope sukuk will leads as an asset to the global instututional investors as well as islamic investors.







Rose Anderson

				|
				
				September 16, 2010 at 7:41 am
					|
					Reply 

hi,
As I see in your post there is  good information available on sukuk .Sukuk is  an alternate way of investment where the investor get the benefits  of investment and its treated as rent  on investment, to avoid the interest on investment which is strictly prohibited in Islam.I have also some site and blog  ,I have write on same topic check my post : http://portfolioanalyst.blogspot.com/2010/09/islamic-debt-bond-market.html.
I want to write on guest post for your blog based on change on the Islamic debt market.If you agree than contact me at roseanderson26@gmail.com




Pingback: Concerns mount over popular sharia finance method « Money Jihad





ahmer hussain

				|
				
				January 11, 2012 at 7:01 pm
					|
					Reply 

what is the difference between TFC and Sukuk




Pingback: Education | What’s Ijara Sukuk? | Nazaha Markets


Pingback: Education | What is Sukuk? | Nazaha Markets





gambling

				|
				
				May 11, 2013 at 8:03 pm
					|
					Reply 

Normally I don’t read post on blogs, however I would like to say that this write-up very compelled me to check out and do so! Your writing style has been surprised me. Thanks, very nice article.







where can I buy Slim Spray

				|
				
				April 23, 2014 at 2:48 pm
					|
					Reply 

Interesting blog! Is your theme custom made or did
you download it from somewhere? A design like yours with a few simple
adjustements would really make my blog jump out. Please let me know where you got your theme.
With thanks







salvatore ferragamo belt

				|
				
				May 29, 2014 at 6:00 am
					|
					Reply 

Excellent blog! Do you have any hints for aspiring writers? I’m hoping to start my own site soon but I’m a little lost on everything. Would you advise starting with a free platform like WordPress or go for a paid option? There are so many choices out there that I’m completely confused .. Any suggestions? Thank you!







ferragamo wallet

				|
				
				June 4, 2014 at 2:56 pm
					|
					Reply 

Hey there! I just wanted to ask if you ever have any trouble with hackers? My last blog (wordpress) was hacked and I ended up losing several weeks of hard work due to no data backup. Do you have any methods to stop hackers?







Woodrow

				|
				
				July 6, 2014 at 1:05 pm
					|
					Reply 

I see a lot of interesting content on your page.
You have to spend a lot of time writing, i know how to save you a
lot of work, there is a tool that creates unique, google friendly
articles in couple of seconds, just type in google – laranita’s free content source







jak schudnąć szybko

				|
				
				July 7, 2014 at 9:10 am
					|
					Reply 

Hello every one, here every person is sharing such experience, thus it’s
fastidious to read this blog, and I used to pay a quick visit this website all the time.







Yusuf

				|
				
				July 9, 2014 at 12:41 am
					|
					Reply 

Wonderful write up, it was clear and precise







ferragamo tote

				|
				
				August 23, 2014 at 12:56 pm
					|
					Reply 

Would you mind if I quote a couple of your articles or blog posts as long as I provide credit and sources back to your site: %BLOGURL%. I’ll aslo make certain to give you the proper anchortext link using your blog title: %BLOGTITLE%. Be sure to let me know if this is acceptable with you. Thanks alot 🙂







buy salvatore ferragamo shoes

				|
				
				August 26, 2014 at 7:21 am
					|
					Reply 

Gday admin, I just wanted to give you a quick heads up that your Web link: %BLOGURL% is being flagged as a possibly malicious web site in my browser opera. I would highly suggest having somebody look into it. You can certainly lose a lot of website visitors due to this kind of problem. Best of Luck.







Edmund

				|
				
				September 1, 2014 at 9:04 am
					|
					Reply 

I read a lot of interesting posts here. Probably you spend a lot of time writing, i know
how to save you a lot of work, there is an online tool that creates high quality, SEO friendly articles in seconds, just
type in google – laranitas free content source







uninstall google plus android

				|
				
				September 24, 2014 at 5:30 am
					|
					Reply 

Hi there! This is kind of off topic but I need some advice from
an established blog. Is it hard to set up your own blog?
I’m not very techincal but I can figure things out pretty
quick. I’m thinking about creating my own but I’m not sure where to
begin. Do you have any tips or suggestions?
Appreciate it







Neuropathy miracle book

				|
				
				October 7, 2014 at 3:33 am
					|
					Reply 

There are many types of peripheral neuropathy some can be treated and some are not treatable.
The high level of glucose in the blood from diabetes is one of the factors
that cause this damage. If you go for computer guided traction therapy, you will simply lay down on a
table for about half an hour, while various weights and tension are applied
to different areas of your backbone.




Pingback: Investor Nsi Over 65 Bond Application Form | Pensioner Bonds


Pingback: Apply Now Over 65 Bonds Nsandi Premium | Pensioner Bonds


Pingback: Investor Pensioner Bonds Applications For Android | Pensioner Bonds





WhatisSUKUK

				|
				
				October 27, 2015 at 8:57 am
					|
					Reply 

I’ve seen sukuk with fixed coupon payment, (ie Khazanah Nasional Berhad CNY 500 mil due 2014). How does it guarantee a fixed coupon payment? What if the periodic income from its investments are below the coupon of the bond?







Carey

				|
				
				November 14, 2015 at 4:18 am
					|
					Reply 

Durch unser Wochenblatt bin ich auf Hypoxi gestoßen, habe den gratis Gutschein eingelöst und mich somit für
2 Monate angemeldet.







Cornelius

				|
				
				December 1, 2015 at 10:04 pm
					|
					Reply 

La première phase débute lorsque la fréquence des cycles menstruels diminue et que les
premiers changements hormonaux font leur apparition (augmentation de l’hormone folliculo-stimulante ou FSH pour les intimes, fluctuation de la progestérone et des oestrogènes).







Kiera Winters

				|
				
				March 29, 2016 at 7:06 am
					|
					Reply 

Hello your WP theme doesnt seem to show up under the browser DEMONECROMANCY 85 I suspect its a problem coming from WP or your WP theme https://blackmetalbands.wordpress.com/2016/03/25/the-difference-between-halloween-and-valentines-day/







personal trainer salary london ontario

				|
				
				June 15, 2016 at 11:23 am
					|
					Reply 

Yep my wife, Jane and I have just taken to walking as our main form of exercise and loving every minute of it.
Based in SE London most of our walking is semi rural but we cover some
decent distances.





Leave a Reply Cancel reply 



Enter your comment here...




Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:



























 
 


Email (required) (Address never made public)



Name (required)



Website














 You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change )




Cancel
Connecting to %s




 Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email.
 



 







Email Subscription

Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Join 502 other followers







 


Search this blog

Search for:



The Author Haris Zuberi is a Chartered Accountant based in Saudi Arabia with a deep interest in Islamic Finance.If you would like to get in touch, follow the link below:


LinkedIn profile
Join us on Facebook 

Join us on Facebook

@HARISKZ

				RT @FarazRabbani: When you hear about natural disasters and death, ACT, GIVE, and PRAY--don't just sit and watch. #Oklahoma #Bangladesh 4 years ago


				RT @asherCFO: Spamming the refresh button on twitter :) That's what Pakistani's abroad r doing while #PakVotes #Election2013 4 years ago


				"@GuardianTravel: Pompeii is hottest ticket for British tourists fired up by new shows  gu.com/p/3f5bz/tf" @Bina1297 4 years ago

Follow @hariskzISLAMIC FINANCE HANDBOOK 

Resources 
Booklist
Glossary
Introduction to Islamic Finance
Shariah scholars

Categories 
Accounting firms

Around the world

Bahrain

India

Malaysia

Pakistan

United Arab Emirates

United Kingdom

United States of America



Audio & video

Awards

Challenges and criticisms

Current trends and news

Events held and planned

Financial crisis of 2008

Growth

Information Technology

Innovations and developments

Interviews

Introductory material

Islamic Banks

Islamic products

Murabaha

Musharakah and mortgages

Sukuk

Takaful

Tawarruq



Mutual funds and Islamic investments

Q&A

Reports and publications

Scholars

Dr. Daud Bakar

Dr. Hussein Hamid Hassan

Mufti Taqi Usmani

Sheikh Abdul Sattar Abu Ghudda

Sheikh Nizam Yaquby

Sheikh Taha Abdul-Basser

Sheikh Yusuf Talal DeLorenzo



Shariah standards and regulation

Training and education

Unclassified


Archives Archives

Select Month
 March 2013 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 March 2012 
 July 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 April 2010 
 January 2010 
 October 2009 
 September 2009 
 August 2009 
 July 2009 
 June 2009 
 May 2009 
 April 2009 
 March 2009 
 June 2008 
 May 2008 
 February 2008 
 January 2008 
 December 2007 
 November 2007 
 October 2007 

Top Posts 

						How Sukuk works: Introduction, structuring and application of Sukuk bonds					



						Shariah scholars					



						Organized tawarruq is permissible: Sheikh Nizam Yaquby					



						Booklist					



						Introduction to Islamic Finance					

Blogs

Dinar Standard Blog
Global Islamic Finance Centre
Invest Halal
Islamic Banking and Finance Training
Islamic Finance Affairs
Islamic Finance Professional
Islamic Finance Spot
The Shariah Finance Portal


Finance

Money & Markets
Stock & finance blog directory
StraightWay Ethical Advisory


General Islamic

Seekers Guidance
SunniPath: The Online Islamic Academy


Islamic Banks

Al Hilal Bank


Around the world Challenges and criticisms Current trends and news Events held and planned Financial crisis of 2008 Growth Innovations and developments Islamic Banks Mutual funds and Islamic investments Pakistan Scholars Sukuk Training and education United Arab Emirates United Kingdom  

 




























































Post to



Cancel







 





Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address






Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			













 
 
%d bloggers like this:














































































































































Merrill Lynch IPO Prospectus



 














                        	This webpage is intended for Merrill Lynch clients who wish to access electronically a preliminary prospectus or other offering document for offerings for which Merrill Lynch may be acting either as a managing underwriter, co-managing underwriter or selling group member.
							To access a preliminary prospectus, click on the name of the issuer for the particular offering from the listing below. The preliminary prospectus may also be downloaded and printed. If you wish to receive a copy of the printed prospectus for any offering, please ask your Financial Advisor to send you one.

A registration statement relating to each security listed below has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission but may not yet have become effective. These securities may not be sold nor may offers to buy be accepted prior to the time the registration statement for such securities becomes effective. The information contained in this site shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction. 




Interval Funds



 



Equity New Issues



Redfin Corporation



Venator Materials



 



Fixed Income



Validus Holdings, Ltd. (VR) Non-Cumulative Preference Shares, Series B
 


Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI) Series A Preferred Shares
 


American Homes 4 Rent (AMH) Series G Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares
 


Bank of America (BAC) Senior Unsecured Notes 
 


 



InterNotes Prospectuses






Bank of America Corp.


Barclays Bank PLC


Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation


The Dow Chemical Company


Federal Farm Credit Banks


Ford Credit


GE Capital Corp.


The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.


HSBC USA Inc.


John Deere Capital Corporation


Morgan Stanley


Prospect Capital Corporation


Rabobank


The Royal Bank of Scotland plc


Tennessee Valley Authority 


Westpac Banking Corp


John Deere Capital Corporation


International Finance Corporation


Discover Financial Services


Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch


Verizon Communications Inc.


 

 

 



Unit Investment Trusts



Invesco Investment Grade Municipal Trust, Intermediate Series 53


Invesco Investment Grade Income Trust, 7+ Year Series 41


High Income Investment Grade Trust, Series 6


 



Closed-End Funds



Eaton Vance Floating-Rate 2022 Target Term Trust


 



CMOs



An Investor’s Guide to CMOs


FNR2016-64EA


FNR2016-64ED


FNR2016-64ML


GNR2016-111HA


GNR2016-111HB


 





Market Linked Investments Offerings






July 2017


Equity-linked

5 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLUBR)
S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued By CIBC (MLTLA)
3 YR EURO STOXX 50 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLUBU)
2 YR EURO STOXX 50 INDEX STEP UP issued by BofA (MLUBN)
2 YR S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by BofA (MLUBM)
3 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BofA (MLUBQ)
6 YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLUBT)
MSCI EMERGING MARKETS INDEX ARN issued By IFC (MLTKY)
5 YR S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by BNS (MLUBP)
3 YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BofA (MLUBS)
5 YR EURO STOXX 50 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLUBW)
RUSSELL 2000 INDEX CLIRN issued by RBC (MLTLB)
S&P REGIONAL BANKS SELECT INDUSTRY INDEX ARN issued by CIBC (MLTLE)
INTERNATIONAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET ARN issued by CIBC (MLTLH)
RUSSELL 2000 INDEX ARN issued by SEK (MLTKW)
S&P MIDCAP 400 INDEX ARN issued by CIBC (MLTLF)
2 YR PHLX HOUSING SECTOR INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BofA (MLUBX)
EURO STOXX 50 INDEX ARN issued by BofA (MLTKU)
EURO STOXX 50 INDEX CLIRN issued by CIBC (MLTKZ) 
DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE LIRN issued by BofA (MLTLC)
S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by BofA (MLTKT)
JPX-NIKKEI INDEX 400 ARN issued by BNS (MLTLD)
EURO STOXX 50 INDEX LIRN issued by BNS (MLTLG)
EURO STOXX 50 INDEX NOTES issued by BARC (MLOQO)
BLOOMBERG COMMODITIES EXENERGY SUBINDEX LIRN issued by DB (MLTLI)
INTERNATIONAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET STEP UP issued by BofA (MLUBY)
EURO STOXX 50 INDEX STARS issued by BARC (MLOPQ)
S&P 500 INDEX BEAR ARN issued by CIBC (MLTLJ)
APPLE INC. ARN issued by CIBC (MLTLK)
MICROSOFT CORPORATION STEPS issued by CIBC (MLJAK)
EURO STOXX 50 INDEX STEP UP issued by BARC (MLUCG)
S&P 500 INDEX STARS issued by DB (MLOQQ)

 







June 2017


Equity-linked


BASKET OF FOUR TECHNOLOGY SECTOR STOCKS ARN issued by BARC (MLTKL)


3 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLUAT)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX CLIRN issued By BNS (MLTKF)


3 YR EURO STOXX 50 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLUBD)


INTERNATIONAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET ARN issued By BNS (MLTKB)


NASDAQ BIOTECHNOLOGY INDEX ARN issued by BARC (MLTKE)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued by HSBC (MLTKG)


S&P 500 INDEX LIRN issued by WFC (MLTKJ)


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE LIRN issued by HSBC (MLTKK)


S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLUAS)


14 MO S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by BARC (MLTJW)


5 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP by HSBC (MLUAV)


S&P 500 INDEX STARS issued by RBC (MLOQL)


2 YR S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by BARC (MLTKC)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX STEP UP issued by CIBC (MLUAR)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX ARN issued By CIBC (MLTJY)


S&P REGIONAL BANKS SELECT INDUSTRY INDEX ARN issued by CIBC (MLTKD)


3 YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued By HSBC (MLUAY)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX CLIRN issued by CIBC (MLTKH)


S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued By BNS (MLUBG)


2 YR PHLX HOUSING SECTOR INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BofA (MLUBF)


3 YR MSCI EMERGING MARKETS INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued By BARC (MLUBH)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX LIRN issued by BNS (MLTKN)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX ARN issued by SEK (MLTJZ)


5 YR EURO STOXX 50 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLUBI)


6 YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLUBA)


FACEBOOK, INC. STEPS issued by CIBC (MLJAI)


GLOBAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET STEP UP issued by BofA (MLKGK)


3 YR EURO STOXX 50 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLUBE)


3 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLUAU)


3 YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLUAZ)


5 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLUAW)


6 YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLUBC)


CATERPILLAR INC. STEPS issued by CIBC (MLJAJ)


MSCI ACWI EXCLUDING UNITED STATES STEP UP issued by BARC (MLUBJ)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLUBK)


GLOBAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET CLIRN issued by BARC (MLTKP)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX LIRN issued by BofA (MLTKO)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX ARN issued by BofA (MLTKQ)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by BofA (MLTKS)


2YR S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by BofA (MLUBL)


WORST OF CITIGROUP, GOLDMAN SACHS, JPMORGAN CHASE AND CO STARS issued by BARC (MLOQM)


 







May 2017


Equity-linked


INTERNATIONAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by DB (MLZZV)


S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by BofA (MLZZW)


DELTA AIR LINES, INC. STEPS issued By BNS (MLGBZ)


S&P 500 INDEX STARS issued by BARC (MLOQJ)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX ARN issued By BofA (MLTJH)


INTERNATIONAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET ARN issued by CS (MLTJJ)


JPX-NIKKEI INDEX 400 ARN issued by CS (MLTJK)


MSCI EMERGING MARKETS INDEX ARN issued by IFC (MLTJL)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued by BARC (MLTJP)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX CLIRN issued by HSBC (MLTJR)


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE LIRN issued by HSBC (MLTJT)


S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP by HSBC (MLUAD)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLUAH)


6 YR S&P 500 AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLUAF)


PHLX HOUSING SECTOR INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BofA (MLUAJ)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX ARN issued by SEK (MLTJI)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued By BofA (MLTJF)


S&P 500 INDEX LOOKBACK ARN issued by BARC (MLTJM)


5 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued By HSBC (MLUAB)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX STEP UP issued by BofA (MLZZX)


3 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by CS (MLZZZ) 


ENERGY SELECT SECTOR INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLUAK)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued by CS (MLTJQ)


BASKET OF THREE FINANCIAL SECTOR STOCKS ARN issued by BARC (MLTJN)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX CLIRN issued by CS (MLTJS)


S&P 500 INDEX ENHANCED STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZZY)


HANG SENG CHINA ENTERPRISES INDEX STEP UP issued by BARC (MLUAL)


ENERGY SELECT SECTOR INDEX STEP UP issued by BofA (MLUAM)


5 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLUAC)


3 YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLUAE)


3 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by CS (MLUAA)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLUAN)


CELGENE CORPORATION STEPS issued by CS (MLJAH)


6 YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLUAG)


3 YR EURO STOXX 50 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLUAI)


BASKET OF TWO AUTOMOBILE INDUSTRY STOCKS ARN issued by HSBC (MLTJV)


5 YR EURO STOXX 50 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by DB (MLUAO)


VANECK GOLD MINERS ETF STARS issued by CS (MLOQK)


S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by CS (MLUAQ)


S&P REGIONAL BANKS SELECT INDUSTRY INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLUAP)


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE LIRN issued by BofA (MLTKM)


BASKET OF FOUR TECHNOLOGY SECTOR STOCKS ARN issued by BARC (MLTKL)


 







April 2017


Equity-linked


APPLE INC. ARN issued by BARC (MLTHS)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by BofA (MLTHO)


3 YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued By BNS (MLZZP)


MSCI EMERGING MARKETS INDEX ARN issued by IFC (MLTHY)


6 YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued By BNS (MLZZQ)


INTERNATIONAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET ARN issued by BNS (MLTHV)


3 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZZN)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by CIBC (MLTIL)


S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by CIBC (MLZZL)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX STEP UP issued by CIBC (MLZZM)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued by BNS (MLTJB)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX CLIRN issued by BNS (MLTIO)


S&P REGIONAL BANKS SELECT INDUSTRY INDEX ARN issued by CIBC (MLTHZ)


2 YR ENERGY SELECT SECTOR INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BofA (MLZZS)


5 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZZO)


RUSELL 2000 INDEX ARN issued by SEK (MLTHR)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX CLIRN issued by CIBC (MLTJA)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued by CIBC (MLTIM)


3 YR EURO STOXX 50 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZZR)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX ARN issued by BofA (MLTHP)


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE LIRN issued by BofA (MLTHU)


S&P 500 INDEX ENHANCED BUFFER STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZZU)


WORST OF EURO STOXX 50 INDEX AND JPX-NIKKEI INDEX 400 LIRN issued by BARC (MLTJE)


S&P 500 INDEX STARS issued by RBC (MLOGQ)


JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. STEPS issued by CIBC (MLJAG)


NASDAQ BIOTECHNOLOGY INDEX ARN issued by BARC (MLTJD)


JPX-NIKKEI INDEX 400 ARN issued by CIBC (MLTJC)


GLOBAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZZK)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX BEAR STARS issued by BofA (MLOQH)


S&P 500 INDEX BEAR NOTES issued by BofA (MLOQI)


INTERNATIONAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by DB (MLZZV)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued by BofA (MLTJU)


 








March 2017


Equity-linked


MSCI EMERGING MARKETS INDEX ARN issued by SEK (MLTGO)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued By BARC (MLTGW)


S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by RBC (MLZYV)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZYX)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX CLIRN issued by CS (MLTGY)


S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZZA)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZZE)


INTERNATIONAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET ARN issued by BARC (MLTGP)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX CLIRN issued by CS (MLTHC)


S&P 500 INDEX STARS issued by BARC (MLOQD)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX ARN issued by BNS (MLTGN)


6 YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZZC)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by CIBC (MLTGV)


GLOBAL EQUITY BASKET CLIRN issued by CIBC (MLTHD)


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE LIRN issued by HSBC (MLTHF)


APPLE INC. CBN issued by CIBC (MLGBY)


5 YR S&P 500 INDEX ENHANCED STEP UP issued by BARC (MLZZF)


4 YR S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by BofA (MLKGJ)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by BARC (MLTHG)


14 MO EURO STOXX 50 INDEX STEP UP issued by CIBC (MLZYW)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued by CIBC (MLTGZ)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX ARN issued by CIBC (MLTHI)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX ARN issued by BofA (MLTGM)


5 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLZYY)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by BofA (MLTGL)


JPX-NIKKEI INDEX 400 ARN issued by CS (MLTHH)


GLOBAL EQUITY BASKET ARN issued by BofA (MLTHJ)


JPX-NIKKEI INDEX 400 ARN issued by BofA (MLTGQ)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX STEP UP issued by BofA (MLZZI)


BASKET OF THREE FINANCIAL SECTOR STOCKS ARN issued by CS (MLTHL)


ENERGY SELECT SECTOR INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZZG)


NYSE ARCA GOLD MINERS INDEX STARS issued by BARC (MLOQE)


S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by BofA (MLZZJ)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX ENHANCED ONE LOOK NOTE issued by BARC (MLOQF)


GENERIC 1ST GC ARN issued by BofA (MLTHN)


S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZZB)


S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZZD)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX ARN issued by HSBC (MLTHM)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLZYZ)


FORD MOTOR COMPANY STEPS issued by BNS (MLJAF)


 











February 2017


Equity-linked


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by CS (MLTFP)


3 YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued By CS (MLZYO)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX ARN issued by BofA (MLTFG)


APPLE INC. ONE LOOK NOTE issued by BARC (MLOPY)


UNDER ARMOUR, INC STEPS issued by RBC (MLGBW)


BASKET OF STOCKS NOTES issued by BofA (MLOQB)


3 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by CS (MLZYM)


S&P MIDCAP 400 INDEX ARN issued by CS (MLTFI)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued by HSBC (MLTFT)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by HSBC (MLTFF)


INTERNATIONAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET ARN issued by HSBC (MLTFO)


S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by CS (MLZYJ)


JPX-NIKKEI INDEX 400 ARN issued by CS (MLTFK)


S&P 500 INDEX STARS issued by HSBC (MLOQC)


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE LIRN issued by BofA (MLTFV)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX ARN issued by BofA (MLTFH)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX CLIRN issued by BofA (MLTFR)


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE LIRN issued by HSBC (MLTGD)


5 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZYN)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX STEP UP issued by BofA (MLZYK)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued by CS (MLTFQ)


3 YR EURO STOXX 50 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by CS (MLZYQ)


6 YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZYP)


GLOBAL EQUITY BASKET STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZYL)


2 YR ENERGY SELECT SECTOR INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by CS (MLZYR)


S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZYS)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX CLIRN issued by BofA (MLTGG)


BASKET OF THREE FINANCIAL SECTOR STOCKS ARN issued by CS (MLTGF)


BASKET OF THREE BIOTECH SECTOR STOCKS ARN issued by CS (MLTGH)


MSCI EMERGING MARKETS INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZYT)


EURO STOXX 50 STEP UP issued by CS (MLZYU)


CS BASKET OF FOUR TECHNOLOGY SECTOR STOCKS ARN issued by CS (MLTGJ)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by BofA (MLTGK)


 











January 2017


Equity-linked


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by CS (MLTDY)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX ARN issued By  HSBC (MLTEE)


MSCI EMERGING MARKETS INDEX ARN issued by IFC (MLTEM)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by CIBC (MLTEN)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX CLIRN issued by HSBC (MLTEV)


S&P 500 INDEX LIRN issued by BNS (MLTFA)


S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by RBC (MLZXU)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZXV)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLZXZ)


S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by CS (MLZYA)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZXY)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX CLIRN issued By CIBC (MLTEU)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX ARN issued by CIBC (MLTDZ)


S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZYC)


GLOBAL EQUITY BASKET CLIRN issued by CIBC (MLTEZ)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued by CS (MLTER)


INTERNATIONAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET ARN issued by BARC (MLTEG)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued by BofA (MLTEW)


PHLX HOUSING SECTOR INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BofA (MLZYE)


S&P 500 INDEX STARS issued by HSBC (MLOPX)


ENERGY SELECT SECTOR INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLZYF)


JPX-NIKKEI INDEX 400 ARN issued by BNS (MLTEJ)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZYD)


S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by BARC (MLKGH)


GLOBAL EQUITY BASKET LEVERAGED STEP UP issued by BARC (MLZXW)


BASKET OF THREE FINANCIAL SECTOR STOCKS ARN issued by BARC (MLTEP)


STOXX EUROPE 600 BANKS INDEX STEP UP issued By BNS (MLZYH)


S&P 500 INDEX NOTES issued by HSBC (MLTFE)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX LIRN issued by HSBC (MLTFD)


3YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by CS (MLZYB)


BASKET OF THREE TELECOM SECTOR STOCKS STEP UP issued by RBC (MLZYG)



EURO STOXX 50 INDEX STARS issued by DB (MLOPZ)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX STEP UP issued by BofA (MLZYI)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX ARN issued by BofA (MLTFY)


S&P BIOTECHNOLOGY SELECT INDUSTRY INDEX STARS issued by HSBC (MLOQA)


 












December 2016


Equity-linked


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX ARN issued by SEK (MLTDF)


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE MITTS issued By  HSBC (MLZXI)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX CLIRN issued by CS (MLTDM)


BIOGEN IDEC INC. STEPS issued by RBC (MLGBV)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued By HSBC (MLTDD)


S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLZXP)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by CS (MLZXL)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX STEP UP issued By BNS (MLZXH)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by HSBC (MLTDB)


S&P 500 INDEX LIRN issued by HSBC (MLTDQ)


S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLZXN)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX CLIRN issued By CIBC (MLTDN)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by BARC (MLTDJ)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZXJ)


EURO STOXX 50 AUTOCALLABLE INDEX STEP UP issued By BNS (MLZXR)


S&P 500 INDEX STARS issued by CS (MLOPU)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX ARN issued by IFC (MLTDG)


ENERGY SELECT SECTOR INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by CS (MLZXS)


MSCI EMERGING MARKETS INDEX CLIRN issued by CIBC (MLTDP)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued by CIBC (MLTDL)


BASKET OF THREE FINANCIAL SECTOR STOCKS ARN issued by CIBC (MLTDK)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued by BofA FINANCE (MLTDO)


S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by BofA FINANCE (MLZXG)


BASKET OF FOUR TECHNOLOGY SECTOR STOCKS ARN issued by RBC (MLTDV)


INTERNATIONAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET ARN issued by BARC (MLTDI)


3 YR S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by CS (MLKGG)


GLOBAL EQUITY BASKET LEVERAGED STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZXT)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by CS (MLZXM)


S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLZXQ)


3 YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLZXO)


3 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZXK)


U.S. FINANCIAL SECTOR INDEX BASKET CLIRN issued by CS (MLTDW)


JPX-NIKKEI INDEX 400 ARN issued by CS (MLTDX)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX NOTES issued by CS (MLOPW)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by BofA (MLTFB)


 

 






November 2016


Equity-linked


MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ARN issued by SEK (MLTCQ)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by BARC (MLTCB)


S&P 500 INDEX LIRN issued by HSBC (MLTCM)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZWZ)


MSCI EMERGING MARKETS INDEX CLIRN issued by CS (MLTCA)


APPLE INC. STEPS issued by RBC (MLGBQ)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by CS (MLZWY)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX CLIRN issued by BAC (MLTCK)


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE LOOKBACK STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZWW)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued by CS (MLTCI)


S&P 500 INDEX LOOKBACK ARN issued by CS (MLTCG)


S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLZXB)


S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZWX)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued by HSBC (MLTCL)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX ARN issued by IFC (MLTCN)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX ARN issued by CS (MLTCS)


S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZXA)


WORST OF NIKKEI STOCK AVERAGE INDEX AND EURO STOXX 50 INDEX LIRN issued by CIBC (MLTCU)


ENERGY SELECT SECTOR INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLZXE)


AMAZON.COM, INC. STEPS issued by RBC (MLGBS)


INTERNATIONAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET ARN issued by BARC (MLTCC)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX STEP UP issued by BAC (MLZWV)


S&P 500 INDEX STARS issued by BARC (MLOPN)


PHLX HOUSING SECTOR INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BAC (MLZXD)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by CS (MLZXC)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX CLIRN issued by BARC (MLTCJ)


S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by CS (MLZXF)


S&P 500 INDEX STARS issued by HSBC (MLOPO)


NASDAQ BIOTECHNOLOGY INDEX STARS issued by BARC (MLOPQ)


BASKET THREE FINANCIAL SECTOR STOCKS ARN issued by BARC (MLTCV)


INTEL CORPORATION STEPS issued by BARC (MLGBU)


S&P BIOTECHNOLOGY SELECT INDUSTRY INDEX CLIRN issued by BARC (MLTCY)


BASKET OF U.S. INDICES CLIRN issued by HSBC (MLTDU)


BASKET OF SEVEN STOCKS ARN issued by BARC (MLTDT)


S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLOPS)


 






October 2016


Equity-linked


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by CIBC (MLTBI)


INTERNATIONAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET ARN issued by BAC (MLTBO)


GLOBAL EQUITY BASKET CLIRN issued by CIBC (MLTBV)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX CLIRN issued by BAC (MLTBT)


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE LIRN issued by CIBC (MLTBW)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX STEP UP issued by CIBC (MLZWJ)


S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by BAC (MLZWI)


S&P 500 INDEX STARS issued by BAC (MLOPJ)


GLOBAL EQUITY BASKET LIRN issued by HSBC (MLSAH)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by BAC (MLTBH)


THREE PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRY STOCKS ARN issued by RBC (MLTBG)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by CIBC (MLTBP)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX CLIRN issued by BAC (MLTBS)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued by RBC (MLTBU)


FACEBOOK, INC. CBN issued by CIBC (MLGBP)


3 YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZWO)


PHLX HOUSING SECTOR INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BAC (MLZWS)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued by CIBC (MLTBR)


6 YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZWQ)


ENERGY SELECT SECTOR INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BAC (MLZWT)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX ARN issued by SEK (MLTBL)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZWR)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX ARN issued by BNS (MLTBK)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX ARN issued by BAC (MLTBJ)


3 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZWK)


5 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZWM)


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE LOOKBACK STEP UP issued by CIBC (MLZWU)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX BEAR STARS issued by BAC (MLOPK)


S&P 500 INDEX STARS issued by BAC (MLOPL)


BASKET OF FIVE ENERGY STOCKS ARN issued by RBC (MLTAJ)


5 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZWN)


3 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZWL)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued by CIBC (MLTBY)


S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZWP)


BASKET OF THREE FINANCIAL SECTOR STOCKS ARN issued by RBC (MLTBQ)


BLOOMBERG PRECIOUS METALS SUBINDEX ARN issued by BAC (MLTBZ)


 






September 2016


Equity-linked


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX CLIRN issued by CIBC (MLTZU)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by CIBC (MLTZS)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX ARN issued by SEK (MLTZN)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by BAC (MLTZL)


AMERICAN DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS OF NOKIA CORPORATION STEPS issued by RBC (MLBGK)


WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION STEPS issued by RBC (MLBGM)


BASKET OF THREE DEFENSE INDUSTRY STOCKS ARN issued by BAC (MLTZK)


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE MITTS issued by HSBC (MLZVU)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX STEP UP issued by CS (MLZVT)


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE LOOKBACK STEP UP issued by BARC (MLZVR)


6 YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZWB)


GLOBAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET issued by BARC (MLTAH)


INTERNATIONAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET issued by CS (MLTZO)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued by BAC (MLTZT)


DOW JONES U.S. REAL ESTATE INDEX CLIRN issued by BARC (MLTZW)


5 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZVX)


3 YR RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by CS (MLZVV)


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE LIRN issued by HSBC (MLTZZ)


JPX-NIKKEI INDEX 400 ARN issued by BNS (MLTZP)


2 YR S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by CIBC (MLZVS)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX ARN issued by BAC (MLTZM)


GLOBAL EQUITY BASKET CLIRN issued by CIBC (MLTZX)


S&P 500 INDEX NOTES issued by BARC (MLTZY)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX CLIRN issued by HSBC (MLTZV)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZWE)


S&P 500 INDEX STARS issued by DB (MLOPD)


3 YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLZVZ)


3 YR S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLKGF)


GOLD FUTURES CONTRACT ARN issued by BAC (MLTZR)


RUSELL 2000 INDEX STARS issued by HSBC (MLOPF)


S&P 500 INDEX STARS issued by HSBC (MLOPE)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by BARC (MLTBB)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX ARN issued by BARC (MLTBC)


MSCI EMERGING MARKETS INDEX ARN issued by CIBC (MLTBD)


BASKET OF 20 COMMON EQUITY SECURITIES INCOME NOTE issued by HSBC (MLOPC)


S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by BAC (MLZWF)


EQUITY INDEX BASKET STARS issued by CS (MLOPG)


INTERNATIONAL INDEX BASKET STEP UP issued by BAC (MLZWG)


S&P 500 INDEX STARS issued by HSBC (MLOPH)


ENERGY SELECT SECTOR INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by CS (MLZWH)


S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZWC)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by CS (MLZVW)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZVY)


S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLZWA)


S&P 500 INDEX STARS issued by HSBC (MLOPI)


BASKET OF THREE FINANCIAL SECTOR STOCKS ARN issued by CS (MLTZQ)


S&P 500 INDEX LIRN issued by HSBC (MLTBE)


NETFLIX INC CBN issued by CIBC (MLBGO)


 






August 2016


Equity-linked


PHLX HOUSING SECTOR INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BAC (MLZVN)


S&P 500 INDEX LIRN issued by HSBC (MLTZB)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued by BAC (MLTYW)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX ARN issued by SEK (MLTYM)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by HSBC (MLTYK)


GLOBAL EQUITY BASKET LIRN issued by HSBC (MLTZC)


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE MITTS issued by HSBC (MLZVE)


S&P MIDCAP 400 INDEX ARN issued by SEK (MLTYP)


S&P 500 INDEX STARS issued by DB (MLOOZ)


S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by BARC (MLZVB)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX STEP UP issued by BAC (MLZVC)


S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZVI)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX CLIRN issued by CS (MLTYX)


JPX-NIKKEI INDEX 400 INDEX ARN issued by BAC (MLTYO)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BARC (MLZVM)


GLOBAL EQUITY BASKET CLIRN issued by CS (MLTZA)


INTERNATIONAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET ARN issued by BAC (MLTYN)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX CLIRN issued by BARC (MLTYZ)


S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZVK)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by CS (MLZVF)


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZVO)


SELECT SECTOR INDEX STEP UP issued by CS (MLZVD)


MSCI EMERGING MARKETS INDEX ARN issued by BAC (MLTYQ)


S&P 500 INDEX BEAR ARN issued by BARC (MLTZD)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by CS (MLZVH)


EURO STOXX INDEX ARN issued by BARC (MLTYL)


S&P 500 INDEX LOOKBACK ARN issued by CS (MLTYR)


GOLD FUTURES CONTRACT ARN issued by BAC (MLTZH)


S&P 500 INDEX NOTES issued by CS (MLTZI)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by BAC (MLTZE)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX ARN issued by BAC (MLTZG)


FACEBOOK, INC. ARN issued by BARC (MLTZJ)


UNDER ARMOUR, INC. STEPS issued by BARC (MLBGH)


S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZVL)


S&P 500 INDEX STARS issued by DB (MLOPA)


CITIGROUP INC. CBN issued by DB (MLBGI)


3 YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by HSBC (MLZVJ)


BASKET OF THREE FINANCIAL SECTOR STOCKS ARN issued by BARC (MLTYV)


S&P 500 INDEX LOOKBACK STEP UP issued by CS (MLZVP)


S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by BAC (MLZVQ)


BASKET OF 20 COMMON EQUITY SECURITIES INCOME NOTE issued by HSBC (MLOPB)


 






July 2016


Equity-linked


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by BAC (MLTXO)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX ARN issued by BAC (MLTXP)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX ARN issued by SEK (MLTXQ)


S&P 500 INDEX ARN issued by CIBC (MLTXT)


INTERNATIONAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET ARN issued by BAC (MLTXR)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX CLIRN issued by CIBC (MLTXY)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX CLIRN issued by BAC (MLTYD)


S&P 500 INDEX CLIRN issued by BAC (MLTXW)


GLOBAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET CLIRN issued by BAC (MLTXZ)


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE LIRN issued by CIBC (MLTYB)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZVA)


3 YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZUY)


6 YR S&P 500 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZUZ)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZUX)


EURO STOXX 50 INDEX STEP UP issued by CIBC (MLZUU)


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE STEP UP issued by CIBC (MLZUV)


DOW JONES U.S. REAL ESTATE INDEX STEP UP issued by BAC (MLZUQ)


S&P 500 INDEX STEP UP issued by BAC (MLZUR)


AMERICAN DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS OF SONY CORPORATION STEPS issued by HSBC (MLBGD)


S&P 500 INDEX STARS issued by BAC (MLOOX)


S&P 500 INDEX STARS issued by HSBC (MLOOY)


S&P 500 INDEX NOTES issued by BAC (MLTXV)


RUSSELL 2000 INDEX AUTOCALLABLE STEP UP issued by BNS (MLZUW)


JPX-NIKKEI INDEX 400 ARN issued by BNS (MLTXS)


GOLD FUTURES CONTRACT ARN issued by BAC (MLTXU)


ALCOA INC. CBN issued by CIBC (MLBGG)


INTERNATIONAL EQUITY INDEX BASKET LIRN issued by BAC (MLTYI)


AMAZON.COM, INC ARN issued by RBC (MLTYJ)


 















To Access Final Prospectuses - WWW.IPROSPECTUSDIRECT.COM/ML



						System availability and response time are subject to market conditions and possible unscheduled outages.
						

						To view this webpage, we require use of one of the following browsers: Netscape Navigator 4.08, Netscape Communicator 4.74 through 4.76, Internet Explorer 5.0 through 5.5, or America Online version 5.0. We also require Adobe Acrobat Reader 4.0.
						 





The information in this Internet site is directed at, and is intended for distribution to, and use by, persons in the U.S. only. It is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person in any other jurisdiction. Other non-U.S. investors, including UK investors, are directed to our International Private Client Group site.
























Home - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar















Introducing "Let’s Talk: The Changing Face of Advice"
                         

The face of advice is changing. Watch as Dr. David Kelly and two influential advisors, Ric Edelman and Lori Van Dusen, discuss with Barron's Sterling Shea, how to address the needs of today – while also building a solid foundation for the client of the future.

 


Watch Now




Quick Links
                         



Shareholder Account Services  
Prices and Performance  
Guide to the Markets  
Favorites & Collections  









	Know which fund you are looking for?


		 

MUTUAL FUNDS  |  EXCHANGE TRADED FUNDS  |   4&5 STAR FUNDS



	J.P. Morgan investment products are managed to be style-pure to fulfill specific roles in your clients' asset allocation strategies.
VIEW OUR FEATURED FUNDS



	FEATURED PRODUCT
JPMorgan Global Allocation Fund


	With access to the entirety of J.P. Morgan’s global investment platform, the Global Allocation Fund searches worldwide to maximize total return, while also managing risk.
Learn More





BUILDING STRONGER PORTFOLIOS TO SOLVE CLIENT NEEDS


		At J.P. Morgan Asset Management, collaborating with our clients in an effort to build stronger portfolios drives everything we do. The depth and breadth of our investment capabilities cover all asset classes, enabling asset allocation decisions to meet specific investment objectives and solve real client needs.

        
                    Get started with our first principle for successful long-term investing >  






LATEST INSIGHTS

Weekly Market Recap
                         

                            A weekly one-page snapshot of market performance and the latest market headlines.
                            

Learn more  




Guide to the Markets
                         

                            Clear, compelling charts that illustrate market and economic trends and statistics.


Learn more  




Portfolio Insights 
                         


	Timely commentary, strategic perspectives and in-depth analysis from our investment teams to help guide your portfolio decisions.


Learn more  





PRODUCT SPOTLIGHT 

Exchange Traded Funds
                         

                            By combining the unique features of the ETF structure with our insights, resources and active management capabilities, J.P. Morgan brings a truly differentiated experience to investors.



Learn more  




SmartRetirement® Funds
                         

                            By focusing on retirement outcomes, our SmartRetirement® Target Date strategies help participants attain the income-replacement levels they need to enjoy the retirement lifestyles they had envisioned.



Learn more  










You are currently on the Financial Advisor site

Select your role to be directed to a different site experience.
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS   INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS   LIQUIDITY INVESTORS 







Investment Management No-Action and Interpretive Letters











Home | Jobs |
          Fast Answers | Site Map | Search


































	
		 
		About the SEC
	
		 
		Filings & Forms
		
		 
		Regulatory Actions

		 
		Staff Interps

		 
		Investor Info

		 
		News & Statements

		 
		Litigation

		 
		ALJ

                 
		Information for...

		 
		Divisions









Corporation Finance 
Enforcement 
Investment Mgmt. 
Econ. & Risk Analysis 
Trading and Markets 


































 
Division of Investment Management

Staff No-Action and Interpretive Letters

Important Note: This page contains Division of Investment Management no-action letters dated on or after January 1, 1993. Division of Investment Management no-action letters issued before that date may be obtained for a copy and processing fee. Please refer to information on How to Request Public Documents.
   Subject Categories

   Subject Category List of No-Action Letters
   Alphabetical List of No-Action Letters
   Chronological List of No-Action Letters




Subject Categories

12b-1 Fees
12b-1 Plans
Accounting
Acquisition Trust
Acquisition of Securities in Affiliated Underwriting
Administrative Fees
Advertising — Investment Advisers
Advertising — Investment Company
Advisory Contracts
Advisory Fees
Advisory Representatives
Affiliated Persons
Affiliated Transactions — Money Market Fund Letters
Affiliated Transactions — Other
Agency Cross Transactions
Aggregated Transactions
Annual Reports
Annuity Contracts
Anti-Takeover Statutes
Asset-Backed Securities
Assignments
Attribution
Auction Rate Notes
Automatic Bar
Backward Pricing
Banks
Banks — Affliated Mutual Funds
Banks — Collective Trust Funds
Banks — Investment Advisory Activities
Beneficial Ownership Qualified Purchaser
Borrowings
Board of Directors
Board of Directors — Retirement Plans
Brokerage Activities
Broker Dealer — Special Compensation
Broker-Dealers
Bunching
Business and Industrial Development Companies
Business Development Companies
Business Transfers
Capital Structures (BDC)
Cash Solicitation
Cash Solicitation — Solicitors
Change of Control
Charitable Exclusions
Clearing Agency
Closed-End Investment Companies
Code of Ethics
Collective Investment Trusts
Commercial Paper
Commodity Pools
Commodity Trading Advisors
Compliance Policies and Procedures Rule
Consolidation
Control
Custodial Receipts
Custodial Requirements
Custody
Custody — Investment Advisers
Custody — Investment Companies
Defined Contribution Plans
Definitions
Derivative Securities
Director
Disclosure
Disqualification — Investment Companies
Distributions
Distribution Fees
Distribution Plans
Diversification
Eligible Foreign Custodian
Emergencies
Employee Benefit Plans
Employee Securities Companies
ERISA
ETFs
Exchange Offer
Exchange Privilege
Exchange Traded Products
Exemptive Applications and Orders
Face-Amount Certificate
Factoring
Fair Value Pricing
Family Office Exclusion
Fees & Expenses
Fidelity Bonds — Investment Companies
Fiduciary Duties
Filing — Dates
Filing Procedure — Fees
Filing Procedures
Finance Subsidiaries
Financial Statement
Floating Rate Securities
Foreign Banks
Foreign Custodian
Foreign Government Securities
Foreign Investment Advisers
Foreign Investment Companies
Form 13F
Forward Contract
Fraud
Fraud — Investment Advisers Act
Funds of Funds — Affiliated
Funds of Funds — Foreign Investment Companies
Fund Supermarkets
Generic Comment Letters
Government Agency
Government Instrumentality
Government Securities
Governmental Plans
Hedge Clauses
Hedge Funds
Hub and Spoke Funds
Illiquid Securities
Inadvertent Investment Companies
Independent Directors
Independent Legal Counsel
Independent Public Accountant
Injunctions
Inspections — Investment Advisers
Insurance Companies
Insurance Company Regulation
Insurance Products
Integration
Interested Person
Internationalization of Securities Markets
Internet
Interval Funds
Investment Advisers
Investment Advisers Act Status
Investment Advisers Act Status — Publishers
Investment Advisers Act Status — Broker-Dealers
Investment Adviser Registration
Investment Company
Investment Company Act Status
Investment Restrictions
Investment Securities
Joint Transactions
Leverage
Limited Partnership Interest
Liquidating Trusts
Mergers and Reorganizations Combinations
Mini-account Program
Mixed and Shared Funding
Model Portfolio
Money Market Funds
Money Market Liquidity
Money Market — Liquidity Puts
Money Market Portfolio Valuation
Mortgages/Real Estate/REITs
Multiple Classes
Municipal Bond
Names — Misleading
National Securities Market Improvement Act of 1996
No-Action Request Procedures
Offshore Funds
Oil & Gas
Pay to Play
Periodic Payment Plan Certificate
Performance Allocation
Performance Fees
Personal Securities Transaction
Pre-Paid Tuition Plans
Pricing — Fair Value Pricing
Principal Transaction
Principal Underwriters
Private Investment Companies
Private Investment Companies — Attribution
Private Offering
Prospectuses — Delivery
Prospectuses — Disclosure
Proxy Statement
Proxy Voting
Public Offering
Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935
Qualified Purchase Definition — Investment Company Act Status Determination
Qualified Purchaser Fund
Real Estate
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Recordkeeping Requirements — Investment Advisers
Recordkeeping Requirements — Investment Adviser Separate Accounts
Recordkeeping Requirements — Investment Adviser Suitability
Recordkeeping Requirements — Investment Companies
Redeemable Securities
Redemption Fees
Redemptions
Registration
Registration — Investment Advisers
Registration — Investment Companies
Regulation S-P
Reimbursement of Proxy Expenses
Reorganization
Reporting Requirements — Investment Advisers
Reporting Requirements — Investment Companies
Repurchase Agreement
Reverse Repurchase Agreement
Safe Harbors
Sales Financing
Sales Load
Sales Load — Contingent Deferred
Sales of Fund Shares below NAV
Security — Definition
Securities Lending
Securities Related Business
Self Custody — Investment Companies
Senior Securities
Separate Accounts
Series Companies
Shareholder Meetings
Shareholder Proposals
Shareholders Votes
Short Sales or Short Selling
Soft Dollar Arrangements
Solicitors
Spin Offs Assignment
Stapled Securities
State Regulation
Status of Investment Company
Structured Financing
Student Loans
Successor registration
Subsidiaries
Taxation
Tender Offers
Territorial Exemption
Tracking Stock
Transient Investment Company
Trustee
Unit Investment Trust
Valuation
Variable Annuities Contract
Variable Rate Securities
Voting Security
Voting Trust
Warrants
Wrap Fee Arrangements



 Subject Category List of No-Action Letters

12b-1 Fees

E*TRADE Securities, LLC, November 30, 2005 
ReFlow Fund, LLC, July 15, 2002

12b-1 Plans

Edward Mahaffy, March 6, 2003

Accounting

Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company, November 16, 2016 
Fidelity Management & Research Company et al., June 20, 2016 
Copley Fund, Inc., August 2, 2013 
Copley Fund, Inc., June 18, 2013 
Copley Fund, Inc., April 5, 2013 
Chief Financial Officer, November 7, 1997 
Accounting Comment Letter, November 2, 1995 
Chief Financial Officer of Investment Company Registrants, February 3, 1995 
Chief Financial Officer, November 1, 1994

Acquisition Trust

PaineWebber Incorporated, January 27, 1995

Acquisition of Securities in Affiliated Underwriting

Columbia Funds, December 12, 2011 
Goldman Sachs Trust, August 19, 2008

Administrative Fees

Franklin Templeton Group of Funds, July 23, 1997

Advertising — Investment Advisers

The TCW Group, Inc., November 7, 2008 
Investment Adviser Association, December 2, 2005 
Trainer, Wortham & Co. Froley, Revy Investment Co. Starbuck, Tisdale & Assoc., December 6, 2004 
Investment Counsel Association of America, Inc., March 1, 2004 
Jennison Associates LLC, July 6, 2000 
Franklin Management, Inc., December 10, 1998 
DALBAR, Inc., March 24, 1998 
Association for Investment Management and Research, December 18, 1996 
Horizon Asset Management, LLC, September 13, 1996 
Munder Capital Management, May 17, 1996 
J.P. Morgan Investment Management, Inc., May 7, 1996 
Clover Capital Management, Inc., October 28, 1986

Advertising — Investment Company

Department of Labor, October 26, 2011 
Lindbergh Funds, October 30, 2002 
Salomon Brothers Asset Management Inc and Salomon Brothers Asset Management Asia Pacific Limited, July 23, 1999 
Dr. William Greene, Stern School of Business, February 3, 1997 
GE Funds, February 7, 1997 
ITT Hartford Mutual Funds, February 7, 1997 
Nicholas-Applegate Mutual Funds, February 7, 1997 
Bramwell Growth Fund, August 7, 1996 
Nicholas-Applegate Mutual Funds, August 6, 1996 
Blanchard Global Growth Fund, May 7, 1996 
MassMutual Institutional Funds, September 28, 1995 
North American Security Trust, August 5, 1994

Advisory Contracts

Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC, June 20, 2017 
American Century Investment Management, Inc., December 20, 2016 
RS Global Natural Resources Fund, March 6, 2014 
Hatteras Alternative Mutual Funds Trust, et al., September 25, 2012 
Nationwide Mutual Funds, et al., April 5, 2011 
Claymore Advisors, LLC, April 27, 2010 
Boulder Growth and Income Fund, Inc., March 5, 2010 
Boulder Total Return Fund, Inc., March 5, 2010 
Madison Asset Management, LLC, et al., June 30, 2009 
Iridian Asset Management LLC, April 14, 2009 
Bank of Ireland Asset Management (U.S.) Ltd., April 2, 2009 
Fortis Group, et al., January 27, 2009 
First Trust/Gallatin Specialty Finance and Financial Opportunities Fund, July 11, 2008 
Mellon Equity Associates, LLP April 1, 2005 
Eaton Vance Special Investment Trust, et al March 30, 2004 
Gartmore Mutual Funds, March 19, 2004 
PIMCO Funds: Multi-Manager Series, August 6, 2002 
AHA Investment Funds, Inc, March 8, 2001
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, November 13, 1999 
American Express Financial Corporation, November 17, 1998 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., March 31, 1998 
Franklin Templeton Group of Funds, July 23, 1997 
Dean Witter, Discover & Co. ("DWD") and Morgan Stanley Group Inc., April 18, 1997 
American Odyssey Funds, Inc., October 7, 1996 
The Ayco Company L.P., December 14, 1995 
Century Shares Trust, May 4, 1994 
Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. and Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Co. Incorporated, June 8, 1993 
Washington Mutual Investors Fund, Inc., May 14, 1993

Advisory Fees

Citigroup Global Markets Inc., August 6, 2014 
RiverNorth, July 28, 2014 
Constellation Financial Management LLC, January 9, 2003 
Seligman New Technologies Fund II, Inc., February 7, 2002 
R.O.C. Taiwan Fund, February 11, 2000 
BISYS Fund Services, Inc., September 2, 1999 
INVESCO Funds Group, Inc., August 5, 1997 
Franklin Templeton Group of Funds, July 23, 1997 
American Odyssey Funds, Inc., October 7, 1996 
Lazard Freres Asset Management, February 12, 1996 
George Colman, July 18, 1995 
Benson White & Company, June 14, 1995

Advisory Representatives

Manufacturers Adviser Corp, September 10, 2002 
W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.P., August 10, 1994

Affiliated Persons

Russell Investment Management, LLC, December 16, 2016 
UBS AG, July 29, 2009 
Investment Company Institute, March 12, 2009 
Auction Rate Securities, January 6, 2009 
Drinker, Biddle & Reath, December 18, 1998 
First Financial Fund, Inc., at al., June 5, 1997 
Mark A. Bush, August 8, 1995 
The One Group, May 23, 1995 
North American Security Trust and NASL Series Trust, February 2, 1993

Affiliated Transactions — Money Market Fund Letters

Fifth Street Finance Corp., February 25, 2010 
Allianz Funds, August 3, 2009 
The Hartford Mutual Funds, Inc. and Hartford Series Fund, Inc., August 3, 2009 
Mount Vernon Securities Lending Trust, August 3, 2009 
Victory Institutional Money Market Fund, Victory Financial Reserves Fund, and Victory Prime Obligations Fund, August 3, 2009 
SEI Daily Income Trust ? Prime 
Obligation Fund, April 20, 2009 
SEI Liquid Asset Trust ? Prime Obligation Fund, April 20, 2009 
Columbia Funds Series Trust — Columbia Cash Reserves, March 2, 2009 
Columbia Funds Series Trust — Columbia Money Market Reserves, March 2, 2009 
Master Portfolio Trust — Liquid Reserves Portfolio and Legg Mason Partners Money Market Trust — Western Asset Money Market Fund, March 2, 2009 
Northern Institutional Funds — Diversified Assets Portfolio, Liquid Assets Portfolio and Prime Obligations Portfolio and Northern Funds — Money Market Fund, March 2, 2009 
SEI Liquid Asset Trust — Prime Obligation Fund, March 2, 2009 
Mount Vernon Securities Lending Trust, January 8, 2009 
Master Portfolio Trust — Liquid Reserves Portfolio, December 8, 2008 
Reserve New York Municipal Money-Market Trust — New York Municipal Money-Market Fund, November 18, 2008 
SEI Daily Income Trust — Prime Obligation Fund, November 18, 2008 
Mount Vernon Securities Lending Trust, October 24, 2008 
Russell Investment Company, October 24, 2008 
Columbia Funds Series Trust, October 22, 2008 
ING Funds Trust, ING Investors Trust, and ING Series Fund, Inc., October 22, 2008 
Legg Mason Partners Institutional Trust, October 22, 2008 
Legg Mason Partners Institutional Trust, October 22, 2008 
MainStay VP Cash Management Portfolio, October 22, 2008 
Morgan Stanley Institutional Liquidity Funds, October 22, 2008 
Morgan Stanley Money Market Funds, October 22, 2008 
Mount Vernon Securities Lending Trust, October 22, 2008 
Northwestern Mutual Series Fund, Inc., October 22, 2008 
Penn Series Funds Inc., October 22, 2008 
Penn Series Funds Inc., October 22, 2008 
Phoenix Opportunities Trust, October 22, 2008 
Principal Funds, Inc. and Principal Variable Contracts Funds, Inc., October 22, 2008 
RidgeWorth Funds, October 22, 2008 
Tamarack Funds Trust, October 22, 2008 
Touchstone Variable Series Trust, October 22, 2008 
USAA Mutual Funds Trust, October 22, 2008 
The Hartford Mutual Funds, Inc. and Hartford Series Fund, Inc., October 20, 2008 
Sun Capital Advisers Trust, October 20, 2008 
Advantus Series Fund, October 20, 2008 
Dreyfus Cash Management Plus, October 20, 2008 
Dreyfus Money Funds, October 20, 2008 
Dreyfus Money Funds, October 20, 2008 
Russell Investment Company, October 20, 2008 
Victory Institutional Money Market Fund, Victory Financial Reserves Fund, and Victory Prime Obligations Funds, August 1, 2008 
Northern Institutional Fund, July 16, 2008 
Western Asset Money Market
Fund, June 27, 2008 
Western Asset Institutional Money Market
Fund, June 27, 2008 
Munder Series Trust, June 23, 2008 
HSBC Investor Funds, June 25, 2008 
Allianz Dresdner Daily Asset Fund, May 5, 2008 
Institutional Liquidity Trust, April 30, 2008 
Master Portfolio Trust, April 18, 2008 
Master Portfolio Trust, April 4, 2008 
SEI Daily Income Trust – Prime Obligation Fund, February 29, 2008 
Northern Institutional Funds, February 28, 2008 
Wells Fargo Funds Trust – Prime Money Market Fund and Heritage Money Market Fund, February 13, 2008 
HSBC Investor Funds, January 18, 2008 
STI Classic Funds, January 2, 2008 
TDAM Money Market Portfolio, December 21, 2007 
First American Funds, Inc. – Prime Obligation Fund, December 3, 2007 
SEI Liquid Asset Trust Prime Obligation Fund, December 3, 2007 
SEI Daily Income Trust — Money Market Fund, November 9, 2007 
SEI Daily Income Trust — Prime Obligation Fund, November 8, 2007 
STI Classic Funds, October 26, 2007

Affiliated Transactions — Other

Morgan Stanley Institutional Fund of Hedge Funds, October 7, 2011 
Investment Company Institute, April 2, 2010 
T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., October 8, 2009 
Regions Morgan Keegan Funds, March 30, 2009 
Columbia Funds, et al., December 23, 2008 
BNY Mellon Funds Trust, December 2, 2008 
Franklin Templeton Investments, November 21, 2008 
Highbridge Statistical Market Neutral Fund, September 29, 2008 
Dreyfus Cash Management, et al., September 25, 2008 
Investment Company Institute, September 25, 2008 
T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., July 10, 2008 
ING Series Fund, Inc., et al., April 30, 2008 
Highbridge Statistical Market Neutral Fund, April 7, 2008 
Old Mutual Advisors Funds, November 16, 2007 
Van Kampen Funds Inc., January 31, 2007 
Gartmore Variable Insurance Trust, December 29, 2006 
GuideStone Financial, et al., December 27, 2006 
Federated Municipal Funds, November 20, 2006 
Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc., September 27, 2006 
Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., September 26, 2006 
Mutual of America Investment Corporation, June 2, 2006 
GE Institutional Funds, December 21, 2005 
Investment Company Institute, December 14, 2005 
Wells Fargo Alternative Asset Management, LLC, January 26, 2005 
Neuberger Berman Management Inc., et al., April 30, 2003 
AAL Mutual Funds, et al., December 12, 2002 
AIM Advisors, Inc., February 12, 2002 
Calvert Social Index Fund, September 4, 2001 
Evergreen Investment Management Company, LLC, February 13, 2002 
Longleaf Partners Funds Trust, April 9, 2001 
Signature Financial Group, Inc., December 28, 1999 
Drinker, Biddle & Reath, December 18, 1998 
The Eaton Vance Group of Investment Companies, July 25, 1997 
Merrill Lynch Asset Management, April 28, 1997 
Dean Witter World Wide Investment Trust, September 17, 1996 
Morgan Grenfell Investment Trust, September 13, 1996 
Rowe Price-Fleming International Inc., April 12, 1996 
DFA Investment Trust, March 21, 1996 
DFA Investment Trust Company, October 17, 1995 
Norwest Funds — Municipal Money Market Fund, August 8, 1995 
ACM Institutional Reserves, Inc., July 14, 1995 
Alliance Municipal Trust, July 14, 1995 
Municipal Fund for California Investors, Inc., July 12, 1995 
California Municipal Cash Trust, July 11, 1995 
Lehman Brothers Daily Income Fund, July 7, 1995 
Benham California Tax-Free and Municipal Funds, June 30, 1995 
Kemper Money Market Funds, June 23, 1995 
The One Group, May 23, 1995 
Twentieth Century Mutual Funds, July 7, 1995 
Wells Fargo Money Market Funds, July 7, 1995 
Salomon Brothers Inc., April 25, 1995 
PaineWebber Managed Investments Trust, August 4, 1994 
Century Shares Trust, May 4, 1994 
The Capitol Mutual Funds and Nations Fund Trust, February 24, 1994 
North American Security Trust and NASL Series Trust, February 2, 1993

Agency Cross Transactions

Merrill Lynch Asset Management, April 28, 1997

Aggregated Transactions

Massachusetts Mutual Life, June 7, 2000

Annual Reports

Lincoln National Life Insurance & Lincoln Financial Advisors, January 30, 2003 
Lindbergh Funds, October 30, 2002

Annuity Contracts

Mutual of America Life Insurance Company, June 17, 1993

Anti-Takeover Statutes

Boulder Total Return Fund, Inc., November 15, 2010

Asset-Backed Securities

Franklin Templeton Investments, June 19, 2009 
New Center Asset Trust, November 5, 1998 
Credit Suisse First Boston, September 9, 1998 
Nebraska  Higher Education Loan Program Inc., April 4,  1998 
Nebraska Higher Education Loan Program, April 3, 1998 
Federated Investors, July 8, 1997 
Citicorp Securities, April 6, 1995 
ESI S.A., February 2, 1995 
Global Exempt Certificates of Ownership in NHA MBS Securities Inc., December 30, 1994 
Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation, May 26, 1994 
Brown & Wood, February 24, 1994	

 
Assignments

lNG Investments, LLC, Directed Services LLC, and lNG Investment Management Co. LLC, March 27, 2013 
Emerging Global Advisors, LLC and EGA Emerging Global Shares Trust, February 27, 2013 
American Century Investment Management, Inc., February 2, 2012 
Fortis Group, et al., January 27, 2009 
First Trust/Gallatin Specialty Finance and Financial Opportunities Fund, July 11, 2008 
American Century Companies, Inc. / J.P. Morgan & Co., December 23, 1997 
Dean Witter, Discover & Co. ("DWD") and Morgan Stanley Group Inc., April 18,	1997   

Attribution

Cornish & Carey Commercial Inc., February 26, 1996

Auction Rate Notes

Auction Rate Securities, January 6, 2009 
BNY Mellon Funds Trust, December 2, 2008 
Auction Rate Securities — Global Exemptive Relief, September 22, 2008

Automatic Bar

E*Trade Capital Markets LLC, March 12, 2009

Backward Pricing

ReFlow Fund, LLC, July 15, 2002

Banks

North American Division of Seventh-Day Adventists, October 6, 2015 
General Motors Investment Management, February 20, 2000

Banks — Affiliated Mutual Funds

Mutual Funds and Derivative Instruments, September 26, 1994

Banks — Collective Trust Funds

ABA Retirement Funds Program, June 7, 2010 
Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, August 10, 1998 
State Street Bank & Trust, August 1, 1996 
Federated Investors, April 21, 1994

Banks — Investment Advisory Activities

Federated Investors, April 21, 1994

Beneficial Ownership Qualified Purchaser

Invesco Advisers, Inc., April 8, 2014 
Trusts under the Will of Marion Searle, March 29, 2005 
H.E.B. Investment and Retirement Plan (H.E. Butt Grocery Company), May 18, 2001 
Caxton Corporation, December 28, 1994 
Latham & Watkins, December 28, 1994 
Wm. S. Barnickel & Company, November 1, 1994 
Owens-Illinois, Inc., June 24, 1994 
PanAgora Group Trust, April 29, 1994

Board of Directors

Independent Directors Council and Mutual Fund Directors Forum, November 2, 2010

Board of Directors — Retirement Plans

Investment Company Institute, April 15, 1998

Borrowings

Alliance Funds, April 25, 1997 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., September 16, 1997 
The T. Rowe Price Funds, July 31, 1995 
Alliance Capital
Management L.P., April 7, 1993

Broker Dealer — Special Compensation

Townsend and Associates, Inc., September 21, 1994

Broker-Dealers

Capital Group, January 11, 2017 
InTouch Global, LLC, November 14, 1995 
Letter to Investment Advisers, October 25, 1994 
R. Bryan Stoker, May 13, 1994 
Charles Schwab & Co., May 28, 1992

Brokerage Activities

Letter to Investment Advisers, October 25, 1994

Bunching

Pretzel & Stouffer, December 1, 1995 
SMC Capital, Inc., September 5, 1995

Business Development Companies

Carey Credit Income Fund et al., July 15, 2015


New Mountain Finance Corporation, December 18, 2014 
Main Street Capital Corporation, November 7, 2013 
New Mountain Finance Corporation, November 4, 2013 
MCG  Capital Corporation, September  27, 2013  
Main Street Capital Corporation, June 20, 2011 
New Mountain Finance Corporation, April 27, 2011 
Fifth Street Finance Corp., February 25, 2010 
Philadelphia Ventures Liberty Fund, L.P., February 14, 1995

Business and Industrial Development Companies

American Capital, Ltd, June 30, 2009 
Kohlberg Capital Corporation, March 12, 2009 
NGP Capital Resources Company (Corrected), December 28, 2007 
Windamere Capital Ventures, L.P., Windamere Capital Ventures Company, LLC, July 23, 2001 
Plymouth Commercial Mortgage Fund, July 13, 1998 
Plymouth Commercial Mortgage Fund, December 3, 1996

Business Transfers

Investec Ernst & Company, April 24, 2001 
Prudential Investment Management Services LLC, April 19, 2001 
ING Mutual Funds Management Co. LLC, ING Funds Distributor Inc. and Reich & Tang Distributors, Inc, February 9, 2001

Capital Structures (BDC)

American Capital, Ltd, June 30, 2009

Cash Solicitation

Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc., June 1, 2017 
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc., December 6, 2016 
F. Porter Stansberry, September 30, 2015 
UBS AG, May 20, 2015 
JPMorgan Chase & Co., May 20, 2015 
Royal Bank of Canada, December  19, 2014 
Bank of America, N.A., November  25, 2014 
Credit Suisse, May  20, 2014 
Stephanie Hibler, January 24, 2014
 
RBS  Securities, Inc., November 26, 2013


Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., July 15, 2013 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, January 9, 2013 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., September 21, 2012 
J.P. Turner & Company, L.L.C., et al, September 10, 2012 
GE Funding Capital Market Services, Inc., January 25, 2012 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., December 12, 2011 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, July 11, 2011 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, June 29, 2011 
BAC Home Loans Servicing, LP (formerly Countrywide Home Loans Servicing LP), June 2, 2011 
UBS Financial Services Inc., May 9, 2011 
Citigroup Inc., October 22, 2010 
General Electric Company, August 2, 2010 
Goldman, Sachs & Co., July 22, 2010 
General Electric Company, August 12, 2009 
Banc of America Securities LLC, June 10, 2009 
RBC Capital Markets Corporation, June 10, 2009 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., June 9, 2009 
UBS AG, March 20, 2009 
Automated Trading Desk Specialists, LLC, March 13, 2009 
E*Trade Capital Markets LLC, March 12, 2009 
Wachovia Securities LLC, February 18, 2009 
Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., December 23, 2008 
UBS Securities LLC/UBS Financial Services Inc., December 23, 2008 
Prudential Financial, Inc., September 5, 2008 
Mayer Brown LLP, July 28, 2008 
Barclays Bank PLC, June 6, 2007 
Emanuel J. Friedman and EJF Capital LLC, January 16, 2007 
Ameriprise Financial Services Inc., April 5, 2006 
Millennium Partners, L.P., et al, March 9, 2006 
American International Group, Inc., February 21, 2006 
ING Bank N.V., August 31, 2005 
CIBC Mellon Trust Company, February 24, 2005 
Goldman, Sachs & Co., February 23, 2005 
Morgan Stanley & Co., Inc., February 4, 2005 
American International Group, Inc., December 8, 2004 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., September 24, 2004 
Thomas Weisel Partners LLC, September 24, 2004 
J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., October 31, 2003 
UBS Securities LLC (f/k/a UBS Warburg LLC), October 31, 2003 
Goldman, Sachs & Company, October 31, 2003 
Lehman Brothers, October 31, 2003 
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, October 31, 2003 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., October 31, 2003 
Morgan Stanley & Company, October 31, 2003 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. f/k/a Salomon Smith Barney Inc., October 31, 2003 
Credit Suisse First Boston LLC f/k/a Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, October 31, 2003 
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray Inc., October 31, 2003 
James DeYoung, October 24, 2003 
J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., October 8, 2003 
Dougherty & Company LCC, July 3, 2003 
Fahnestock & Company Inc., April 21, 2003 
Dougherty & Company LLC, March 21, 2003 
Legg Mason Wood Walker, Inc., June 11, 2001 
National Football League Players Association, January 25, 2002 
Prudential Securities Inc., February 7, 2001 
Stephens Inc., December 27, 2001 
Ramius Capital Management, LLC, April 5, 1996

Cash Solicitation — Solicitors

Dana Investment Advisors, Inc., October 12, 1994

Change of Control

JPMorgan Chase; Bear Stearns Asset Management I,, July 14, 2008 
JPMorgan Chase; Bear Stearns Asset Management II, March 16, 2008

Charitable Exclusions

Deutsche Bank Microcredit Development Fund, Inc., April 8, 2011 
Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P., March 13, 2007 
American Bible Society, June 1, 2004 
Mercy Investment Program, Inc., June 12, 2003 
Daughters of Charity National Health System, Inc., April 3, 1998

Clearing Agency

National Securities Clearing Corp., May 24, 1996

Closed-End Investment Companies

Guggenheim Credit  Allocation Fund, April 5, 2017 
	
Invesco Senior Income Trust, et al., January 25, 2017 
Dechert, January 25, 2017 
The Herzfeld Caribbean Basin Fund, Inc., September 21, 2016 
BlackRock Health Sciences Trust, February 25, 2016 
Fiduciary/Claymore MLP Opportunity Fund, January 7, 2016 
BlackRock Limited Duration Trust, et al., October 19, 2015        
Nuveen Credit Strategies Income Fund, et al., November 7, 2014 
Guggenheim Strategic Opportunities Fund, October  2, 2014 
The  Gabelli Convertible & Income Securities Fund, Inc., et al., April  18, 2014 
The Mexico  Fund, Inc., December 31, 2013
     
Aberdeen
          Asia-Pacific Income Fund, Inc., June 26, 2013 
Credit Suisse High Yield Bond Fund and Credit Suisse Asset Management Income Fund, Inc., June 26, 2013 
Eaton Vance, et al., June 26, 2013 
First Trust, et al., June 26, 2013 
John Hancock Investors Trust and John Hancock Tax-Advantaged Global Shareholder Yield Fund, June 26, 2013 
NexPoint Credit Strategies Fund, June 26, 2013 
Nuveen, et al., June 26, 2013 
Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund, Inc., Aberdeen Chile Fund, Inc. and Aberdeen Global Income Fund, Inc., April 12, 2012


	   
Bank of America Corporation and Affiliates ("BAC"), April 29, 2011 
Calamos Convertible Opportunities and Income Fund, Calamos Convertible and High Income Fund, and Calamos Global Total Return Fund, February 14, 2011 
Boulder Total Return Fund, Inc., November 15, 2010 
Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund, Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund 2, Nuveen Floating Rate Income Opportunity Fund, Nuveen Senior Income Fund, Nuveen Floating Rate Income Fund, and Nuveen Municipal Value Fund, Inc., November 9, 2010 
Energy Income and Growth Fund and First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund, July 27, 2010 
Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corporation and Tortoise Energy Capital Corporation, April 23, 2010 
Investment Company Institute, March 12, 2009 
BlackRock Advisers LLC and Affiliates, November 4, 2008 
Nuveen Virginia Premium Income Municipal Fund, October 6, 2006 
Investment Company Institute, November 10, 2004 
Frank Russell Investment Company, et al., October 18, 2002 
R.O.C. Taiwan Fund, February 11, 2000

Code of Ethics

WilmerHale, LLP, July 28, 2010 
M&G Investment Management Ltd., March 1, 2007 
National Compliance Service, November 30, 2005 
Prudential Insurance Company of America, March 1, 2005 
Manufacturers Adviser Corp, September 10, 2002

Collective Investment Trusts

North American Division of Seventh-Day Adventists, October 6, 2015 
ABA  Retirement Funds, November 25, 2013 
General Motors Investment Management, February 20, 2000

Commercial Paper

ING Bank, N.V., July 8, 2002

Commodity Pools

Managed Futures Association, July 11, 1996 
Philadelphia Stock
Exchange, Inc., October 18, 1994

Commodity Trading Advisors

Philadelphia Stock
Exchange, Inc., October 18, 1994

Compliance Policies and Procedures Rule

Investment Company Institute, November 10, 2004

Consolidation

Fidelity Select Portfolio, April 29, 2008

Control

Iridian Asset Management LLC, April 14, 2009 
Bank of Ireland Asset Management (U.S.) Ltd., April 2, 2009 
Investment Company Institute, March 12, 2009 
Auction Rate Securities, January 6, 2009

Custodial Receipts

HOLDRs, September 3, 1999 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., January 28, 1992

Custodial Requirements

Bancafe/Juan Vico, May 22, 1996

Custody

Macedonian Stock Exchange, July 10, 1997 
Bancafe/Juan Vico, May 22, 1996 
Robertson, Stephens & Company, January 12, 1993

Custody — Investment Advisers

Investment Adviser Association, February 21, 2017 
Robert Van Grover, Esq., Seward & Kissel LLP, October 4, 2016 
Investment Adviser Association, April 25, 2016 
16th Amendment Advisors LLC, March 23, 2015 
Robert Van Grover, Esq., Seward & Kissel LLP, November 5, 2013 
Investment Company Institute, September 5, 2012 
Seward & Kissel LLP, July 21, 2011 
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, December 23, 2010 
Seward & Kissell, October 12, 2010 
Investment Adviser Association, September 20, 2007 
Deloitte & Touche LLP, August 28, 2006 
ABA Subcommittee on Private Investment Entities, August 10, 2006 
American Skandia Life Assurance Corporation, May 16, 2005

Custody — Investment Companies

 Depository Trust Company of Delaware, LLC dba Delaware Depository, September 12, 2016 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, December 29, 2015 
ICE Clear Credit LLC, December 29, 2015 
LCH.Clearnet Limited and LCH.Clearnet LLC, December 29, 2015 
LCH.Clearnet Limited and LCH.Clearnet LLC, December 19, 2014 
ICE Clear Credit LLC, December 19, 2014 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, December 19, 2014 
The Brink’s Company, February  11, 2014 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, December 26, 2013 
ICE Clear Credit LLC, December 26, 2013 
LCH.Clearnet Limited and LCH.Clearnet LLC, December 26, 2013 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, July 10, 2013 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, September 27, 2012 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, September 27, 2012 
ICE Clear Credit LLC, September 27, 2012 
LCH.Clearnet Limited, September 27, 2012 
ICE Clear Credit LLC, July 29, 2011 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, July 29, 2011 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, July 29, 2011 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, March 24, 2011 
LCH.Clearnet Limited, March 16, 2011 
ICE Trust U.S. LLC, March 1, 2011 
CME Group, Inc., December 3, 2010 
CME Group, Inc., July 16, 2010 
Franklin Templeton Investments, June 19, 2009 
Highbridge Statistical Market Neutral Fund, April 7, 2008 
Austraclear Limited, April 28, 2004 
Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, March 13, 2003 
Government Securities Clearing Corporation, October 19, 2001 
Investment Company Institute, June 15, 1999 
ING Bank N.V., et al., May 24, 1999 
Investment Company Institute, October 3, 1997 
AmSouth Mutual Funds, July 8, 1997 
ASX Settlement & Transfer Corporation, August 13, 1996 
National Securities Clearing Corp., May 24, 1996 
Kavilco, Inc., April 4, 1996 
Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, November 17, 1995 
The Riverfront Funds, Inc., November 8, 1995 
Hongkong Securities Clearing Company Limited, July 13, 1995 
The Canadian Depository
for Securities Limited, August 4, 1994 
ASX Settlement and Transfer Corporation, April 19, 1994 
David S. Butterworth, January 27, 1994

Defined Contribution Plans

The Standish Ayer & Wood Inc. Stable Value Group Trust, December 28, 1995

Definitions

Comdisco, Inc., October 25, 2000

Derivative Securities

Mutual Funds and Derivative Instruments, September 26, 1994

Director

Boulder Growth and Income Fund, Inc., March 5, 2010 
Boulder Total Return Fund, Inc., March 5, 2010 
Federated Core Trust II, L.P., February 6, 2002 
Mexico Equity and Income Fund, The, November 15, 2001

Disclosure

Department of Labor, October 26, 2011 
Kirkpatrick & Lockhart LLP, January 28, 2004 
Janus Adviser Series, August 28, 2000 
Eaton Vance Master Portfolio, December 11, 1996 
National Association for Variable Annuities, June 4, 1996 
Investment Company Registrant General Letter, February 15, 1996 
Letter to Investment Company Registrants, February 3, 1995 
Mutual Funds and Derivative Instruments, September 26, 1994 
Pershing Division of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp., September 15, 1994

Disqualification — Investment Companies

American International Group, Inc., July 18, 1997

Distributions

Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund, Inc., July 13, 2006

Distribution Fees

Citigroup Inc., July 26, 2006 
Investment Company Institute, October 30, 1998

Distribution Plans

E*TRADE Securities, LLC, November 30, 2005 
Investment Company Institute, October 30, 1998 
Gary E. Hughes, American Council of Life Insurance, May 26, 1996

Diversification

Frankin Templeton Group of Funds, et al., May 21, 1999

Eligible Foreign Custodian

Moscow Municipal Bank, April 8, 1998 
Stock Holding Corporation of Indian Ltd., January 21, 1998 
K. K. Rajendran, November 21, 1997 
Bucharest Stock Exchange, June 3, 1997 
Depository Clearing Company, December 19, 1997 
Russia Growth Fund, Inc., May 20, 1997 
National Securities Depository Ltd., February 25, 1997 
ASX Settlement & Transfer Corporation, August 13, 1996 
Financial Services Board, April 24, 1996 
Templeton Russia
Fund, Inc., April 18, 1995 
State Street Bank & Trust Company, February 28, 1995 
Warsaw Stock Exchange, October 20, 1994 
Japan Securities Depository Center, August 31, 1993 
Stock Exchange of
Thailand, August 26, 1993 
Malaysian Central
Depository Sdn. Bhd., May 19, 1993 
Korea Securities Depository Corporation, May 14, 1993 
Austraclear Limited, April 6, 1993 
Reserve Bank of New Zealand, May 24, 1993 
Custody of B Shares Trading on the Shenzhen and Shanghai Securities Exchanges, April 26, 1993

Emergencies

Investment Company Institute, December 8, 1999

Employee Benefit Plans

 Investment Company  Institute, et al., November 16, 2015


American Retirement Association, February 18, 2015 
ABA  Retirement Funds, November 25, 2013


ING Life Insurance and Annuity Company, August 30, 2012 
Emeriti Consortium for Retirement Health Solutions, June 16, 2008 
Lear Corporation Retirement Savings Plan Trusts, March 16, 2007 
Emeriti Consortium for Retirement Health Solutions, April 7, 2005 
Lincoln National Life Insurance & Lincoln Financial Advisors, January 30, 2003 
Honeywell International Inc Savings Plan Trust, October 7, 2002 
World Financial Network National Bank, May 28, 1996 
U.S. Department of Labor, February 22, 1996 
Total, January 26, 1996 
Department of Labor, December 5, 1995 
Caxton Corporation, December 28, 1994 
Latham & Watkins, December 28, 1994 
Edward H. Fleischman, June 30, 1994 
Owens-Illinois, Inc., June 24, 1994 
PanAgora Group Trust, April 29, 1994 
County of Los Angeles, January 27, 1993

Employee Securities Companies

Tudor Employee Investment Fund LLC and Tudor Investment Corporation, April 28, 2015 
BSC Employee Fund, L.P. October 14, 1997

ERISA

Department of Labor, October 26, 2011 
Department of Labor, December 5, 1995

Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)

SPDR Series Trust, et al., (June 24 , 2015)

Derivatives Use by Actively-Managed ETFs, December 6, 2012 
FQF Trust, et al., December 13, 2011 
Barclays Global Fund Advisors et al., March 12, 2009 
iShares Trust, et al., October 22, 2008

Exchange-Traded Products

SPDR S&P Dividend ETF, March 28, 2016 
Market Vectors ETF Trust, et al., March 26, 2012 
Select Sector SPDR Fund and Diamonds Trust, July 6, 2000

Exchange Offer

National Association for Variable Annunities; Insurance Marketplace Standards Assn; American Council of Life Insurers, June 19, 2001 
Bradley A. Veld, August 15, 1997

Exchange Privilege

New Mountain Finance Corporation, December 18, 2014 
New Mountain Finance Corporation, April 27, 2011

Exemptive Applications and Orders

Neuberger Berman Investment Advisers LLC, September 28, 2016 
Maxim Series Fund, Inc., et al., July 31, 2009 
Fixed Income Securities, L.P., April 29, 2004 
MTB Group of Funds, October 21, 2003 
Chase Manhattan Bank, June 12, 1998

Face-Amount Certificate

Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation Company, October 15, 2003

Factoring

Municipality Finance Ltd., April 28, 1994

Fair Value Pricing

Letter to the Investment Company Institute Regarding Valuation Issues, April 2001 
Investment Company Institute, December 8, 1999

Family Office Exclusion

Peter Adamson III, April 3, 2012

Fees & Expenses

AIG Life Insurance Company, August 16, 2001

Fidelity Bonds — Investment Companies

ICI Mutual Insurance Company, February 28, 1994

Fiduciary Duties

BNY ConvergEx Group, September 21, 2010 
Boulder Growth and Income Fund, Inc., March 5, 2010 
Boulder Total Return Fund, Inc., March 5, 2010 
Constellation Financial Management LLC, January 9, 2003

Filing — Dates

Scudder Investment Trust, March 23, 1994

Filing Procedure — Fees

Ironwood Multi-Strategy Fund LLC and Ironwood Institutional Multi-Strategy Fund LLC (April 19, 2017) 
    
Jackson National Life (July 9, 2015)


GMO Trust, May 24, 2012 
AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company, February 27, 2009 
Nuveen Flagship Multistate Trust I, July 10, 1998 
American Council of Life Insurance, June 20, 1995 
The Victory Funds and The Victory Portfolios, April 24, 1995 
Kemper Total Return Fund, February 6, 1995

Filing Procedures

Investment Company Registrant General Letter, February 15, 1996 
Letter to Investment Company Registrants, February 3, 1995

Finance Subsidiaries

Brown & Wood, February 24, 2000 
KDSM, Inc. and Sinclair Capital, February 21, 1997 
Hewlett-Packard Finance Company, July 17, 1996 
Queensland Treasury Corporation, September 26, 1995 
Goldman Sachs & Co., April 27, 1995 
Andrews & Kurth L.L.P., April 5, 1994 
Lehman Brothers Inc., March 8, 1994

Financial Statement

Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company, November 16, 2016 
Franklin Limited Duration Income Trust, July 27, 2016 
Fidelity Management & Research Company et al., June 20, 2016 
Copley Fund, Inc., April 5, 2013 
TIAA Real Estate Account, May 1, 1996

Floating Rate Securities

Investment Company Institute (Corrected), August 10, 2010 
Investment Company Institute, June 16, 1993 
Investment Company Institute, November 2, 1992

Foreign Banks

Seward & Kissel, October 12, 2005 
Safra Republic Holdings, April 21, 1998 
Interbolsa, August 5, 1996 
Alliance Capital
Management L.P., April 7, 1993

Foreign Custodian

Chase Manhattan Bank, June 12, 1998 
Investment Company Institute and the Global Custodians, February 19, 1998 
Reserve Bank of Australia, January 30, 1998 
Societatea Nationala de Compensare, January 28, 1998 
K. K. Rajendran, November 21, 1997 
The Canadian Depository
for Securities Limited, August 4, 1994 
ASX Settlement and Transfer Corporation, April 19, 1994

Foreign Government Securities

SSGA International Liquidity Fund, December 2, 1998 
Five Arrows Short-Term Investment Trust, September 26, 1997

Foreign Investment Advisers

Royal Bank of Canada, et al., June 3, 1998 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V., July 1, 1997 
Murray Johnstone Holdings Limited; Murray Johnstone Limited; Murray Johnstone International Limited, July 21, 1994 
Mercury Asset Management plc, April 16, 1993 
Uniao de Bancos de Brasileiros S.A., July 28, 1992 
Richard Ellis, Inc., March 19, 1981

Foreign Investment Companies

Dechert LLP, March 8, 2017 
Red Rocks Capital, LLC, June 3, 2011 
Dechert LLP, August 24, 2009 
Mike Krichew, November 5, 1997 
Bradley A. Veld, August 15, 1997 
 Eaton Vance South Asia Portfolio, March 12, 1997 
Goodwin, Procter & Hoar, February 28, 1997 
Indosuez Asset Management Asia Limited, February 14, 1997 
Templeton Vietnam Opportunities Fund, Inc., September 6, 1996 
Investment Funds Institute of Canada, February 6, 1996 
Fiduciary Trust Global Fund, August 2, 1995 
The South America Fund N.V., September 2, 1993 
Pasadena Investment Trust, January 22, 1993 
American Funds Distributors, October 16, 1989 

Form 13F

Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, May 29, 2009

Forward Contract

Drinker, Biddle & Reath, December 18, 1998

Fraud

GE Funding Capital Market Services, Inc., January 25, 2012 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, July 11, 2011 
Constellation Financial Management LLC, January 9, 2003

Fraud — Investment Advisers Act

Heitman Capital Management, LLC, February 12, 2007

Funds of Funds — Affiliated

Dechert LLP, March 8, 2017 
Dechert, January 25, 2017 
Thrivent Financial for Lutherans and Thrivent Asset Management, LLC, September 27, 2016 
Northern Lights Fund Trust, June 29 , 2015


Franklin Templeton Investments, April 3, 2015 
New Mountain Finance Corporation, December 18, 2014 
John Hancock Trust, et al, April 12, 2012 
FQF Trust, et al., December 13, 2011 
New Mountain Finance Corporation, April 27, 2011 
Madison Asset Management, LLC, et al., June 30, 2009 
iShares Trust, et al., October 22, 2008 
Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc., September 27, 2006 
Principal Investors Fund Inc., May 13, 2005 
Neuberger Berman Management Inc., et al., April 30, 2003 
MassMutual Institutional Funds, Inc., October 19, 1998 
 Eaton Vance South Asia Portfolio, March 12, 1997 
Lazard Freres Asset Management, January 10, 1997 
Mutual Series Fund Inc., November 7, 1995

Funds of Funds — Foreign Investment Companies

Dechert LLP, March 8, 2017 
Red Rocks Capital, LLC, June 3, 2011 
Dechert LLP, August 24, 2009 
ASA (Bermuda) Limited, December 13, 2006 
Alternative Investment Partners Absolute Return Fund STS, July 10, 2006 
France Growth Fund, Inc., July 15, 2003 
Man-Glenwood Lexington TEI, LLC and Man-Glenwood Lexington TEI, LDC, April 30, 2004 
Templeton Vietnam Opportunities Fund, Inc., September 6, 1996

Fund Supermarkets

Investment Company Institute, October 30, 1998

Generic Comment Letters

Chief Financial Officer, November 1, 1994

Government Agency

Missouri Family Trust Fund, September 22, 1992

Government Instrumentalities

Federal National Mortgage Association, July 12, 2002 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, July 12, 2002

Government Securities

Straight-A Funding, LLC, July 28, 2009 
Federal National Mortgage Association, July 12, 2002 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, July 12, 2002 
J.P. Morgan Structured Obligations Corporation, July 27, 1994 
T. Rowe Price Tax-Free Funds, June 24, 1993

Governmental Plans

Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, August 10, 1998 
State Street Bank & Trust, August 1, 1996

Hedge Clauses

Heitman Capital Management, LLC, February 12, 2007

Hedge Funds

The Townsend Group, Inc., July 9, 2008 
ABA Subcommittee on Private Investment Entities, August 10, 2006 
ABA Subcommittee on Private Investment Entities, December 8, 2005 
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., March 8, 2005

Hub and Spoke Funds

Dechert LLP, March 8, 2017 
PIMCO Funds, July 9, 2002 
Signature Financial Group, Inc., December 28, 1999 
Neuberger & Berman Income Funds, February 27, 1998 
The Eaton Vance Group of Investment Companies, July 25, 1997 
Principle Preservation Portfolios, Inc., December 6, 1995

Illiquid Securities

Franklin Templeton Investments, June 19, 2009 
Investment Company Institute, May 26, 1995

Inadvertent Investment Companies

Missouri Bankers Association, August 18, 2008 
One Point Communications Corp, June 12, 1998

Independent Directors

Pioneer Funds, December 20, 2005 
Mutual Fund Directors Forum, May 9, 2002

Independent Legal Counsel

Investment Company Institute, February 12, 2002

Independent Public Accountant

Main Street Capital Corporation, June 20, 2011

Injunctions

Goldman, Sachs & Co., July 22, 2010 
E*Trade Capital Markets LLC, March 12, 2009

Inspections — Investment Advisers

Jennison Associates LLC, July 6, 2000

Insurance Companies

Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company, November 27, 1998 
American Mutual Life Insurance, June 13, 1996 
Letter Providing General Guidance to Insurance Companies Filing Post-Effective Amendments in Connection with the Offering of Variable Life and Variable Annuity Contracts, November 8, 1989

Insurance Company Regulation

Letter Providing General Guidance to Insurance Companies Filing Post-Effective Amendments in Connection with the Offering of Variable Life and Variable Annuity Contracts, January 24, 1989

Insurance Products

Integrity Life Insurance Co., National Integrity Life Insurance Co., Western-Southern Life Assurance Co., Touchtone Securities, Inc., December 21, 2011 
IDS Life Insurance Company, et al., December 14, 2006 
American Home Assurance Company, et al., October 17, 2005 
GE Life and Annuity Assurance Company, June 25, 2004 
Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.) and Keyport Life Insurance Company, December 19, 2003 
Acacia National Life Insurance Company, December 19, 2003 
Allstate Life Insurance Company, December 23, 2002 
Sun Life Insurance and Annuity Company of New York, et al., December 20, 2002 
American Enterprise Life Insurance Company, April 30, 2002 
Aid Association for Lutherans/Lutheran Brotherhood, December 21, 2001 
AIG Life Insurance Company — American International Life Assurance Company of New York, November 6, 2001 
AIG Life Insurance Company, August 16, 2001 
Manufacturers Life Insurance Company, The, December 27, 2001 
National Association for Variable Annunities; Insurance Marketplace Standards Assn; American Council of Life Insurers, June 19, 2001 
Nationwide Life Insurance Company, March 16, 2001

Integration

Mark A. Bush, August 8, 1995 
Shoreline Fund, L.P., November 14, 1994 
Shoreline Fund, L.P., April 11, 1994 
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe, June 18, 1993

Interested Person

Ballard Spahr Andrews & Ingersoll, LLP, April 3, 2002 
First Financial Fund, Inc., at al., June 5, 1997 
G.T. Global Growth Series et al., February 2, 1996 
Colonial Trust I et al., October 20, 1995 
Founders Funds, Inc., August 4, 1992

Internationalization of Securities Markets

Goodwin, Procter & Hoar, February 28, 1997 
Indosuez Asset Management Asia Limited, February 14, 1997

Internet

Thomson Financial Inc., July 10, 2002 
ReFlow Fund, LLC, July 15, 2002

Interval Funds

The Swiss Helvetia Fund, Inc., May 5, 2010

Investment Advisers

Goldman, Sachs & Co., June 20, 2013 
Tuition Plan Consortium, LLP, February 4, 2003 
Thomson Financial Inc., July 10, 2002 
National Football League Players Association, January 25, 2002 
Goldman, Sachs & Co., February 22 , 1999

Investment Advisers Act Status

Sisters of Mercy of the Americas, Inc., October 1, 2009 
Credit Agricole Asset Management Alternative Investments, Inc., August 7, 2006 
Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, November 17, 2005 
UBS Financial Services, Inc., September 29, 2005 
Ark Therapeutics Group plc, April 15, 2005 
Emeriti Consortium for Retirement Health Solutions, April 7, 2005 
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., March 8, 2005 
Gulf Coast Venture Forum, Inc., August 21, 2002 
Thomson Financial Inc., July 10, 2002 
BISYS Fund Services, Inc., September 2, 1999 
Sacha Stawski, August 9, 1996 
PerfectData Corporation, August 5, 1996 
Mr. Frank Mason, July 3, 1996 
Real Goods Trading Corporation, June 24, 1996 
Russell H. Smith, May 2, 1996 
RDM Infodustries, Inc., March 25, 1996 
U.S. Department of Labor, February 22, 1996 
Department of Labor, December 5, 1995 
InTouch Global, LLC, November 14, 1995 
Datastream International Inc., March 15, 1993

Investment Advisers Act Status — Broker-Dealers

BNY ConvergEx Group, September 21, 2010

Investment Advisers Act Status — Publishers

Jonathon Hendricks, January 26, 2015 
Missouri Innovation Center, Inc., October 17, 1995 
Alfred A. Zurl, August 7, 1995 
Venture Search Technology Inc., July 11, 1995 
Louis Russo, June 16, 1994 
Stephen R. Kelly, July 28, 1994

Investment Adviser Registration

CenturyLink Investment Management Company, December 8, 2016 
Willkie Farr & Gallagher, September 21, 2015 
TACT Asset Management Inc., October 24, 2012 
Allianz of America,  Inc., May 25, 2012 
Peter Adamson III, April 3, 2012 
Industrial Alliance, Investment Management Inc., March 14, 2012 
American Bar Association, Business Law Section, January 18, 2012 
Zenkyoren Asset Management of America Inc., June 30, 2011 
Lockheed Martin Investment Management Company, June 6, 2006 
Royal Bank of Canada, et al., June 3, 1998 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V., July 1, 1997 
David Parkinson, October 19, 1995 
Thomson Advisory Group L.P., September 26, 1995 
Mark A. Bush, August 8, 1995 
Gilbert G. Beezley, July 17, 1995 
Venture Search Technology Inc., July 11, 1995 
Dana Investment Advisors, Inc., October 12, 1994 
Arthur Andersen & Co., July 8, 1994

Investment Company

Washington Capital Joint Master Trust, September 25, 2006 
Royal Dutch Shell plc, May 17, 2005 
Cantor Fitzgerald & Company, February 17, 2004 
Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation Company, October 15, 2003

Investment Company Act Status

Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., September 29, 2016
   
North American Division of Seventh-Day Adventists, October 6, 2015 
Royal Dutch Shell plc, August 7, 2015 
Erste Abwicklungsanstalt, October 10, 2012 
Linn Energy, LLC, August 30, 2012 
Xplornet Communications Inc., January 11, 2012 
Royalty Pharma, August 13, 2010 
Accor Services, June 7, 2010 
Sisters of Mercy of the Americas, Inc., October 1, 2009 
Emeriti Consortium for Retirement Health Solutions, September 3, 2009 
Emeriti Consortium for Retirement Health Solutions, June 16, 2008 
Dexia Municipal Agency, December 26, 2007 
Exelon Corporation, September 13, 2007 
Cooley Godward & Kronish, July 12, 2007 
MACRO Securities Depositor, LLC, December 1, 2006 
Willkie Farr & Gallagher, October 23, 2000 
Pengrowth Energy Trust, January 27, 2000 
HOLDRs, September 3, 1999 
Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company, November 27, 1998 
Credit Suisse First Boston, September 9, 1998 
Puerto Rico Balanced Fund, Inc., April 29, 1997 
Managed Futures Association, July 11, 1996 
Mr. Frank Mason, July 3, 1996 
American Mutual Life Insurance, June 13, 1996 
World Financial Network National Bank, May 28, 1996 
Total, January 26, 1996 
Maxine Harry, December 6, 1995 
Kake Tribal Corporation, May 25, 1994

Investment Restrictions

BlackRock Multi-Sector Income Trust, July 9, 2013
	 
Morgan Stanley Mortgage Securities Trust, July 9, 2013
	 
The First Australia Fund, Inc., July 29, 1999

Investment Securities

PIMCO Funds, July 9, 2002

Joint Transactions

Nuveen Asset Management, Inc., et al., December 30, 2010 
Investment Company Institute, April 2, 2010 
Highbridge Statistical Market Neutral Fund, September 29, 2008 
Highbridge Statistical Market Neutral Fund, April 7, 2008 
Neuberger Berman Management Inc., et al., April 30, 2003 
The Chase Manhattan Bank, July 24, 2001 
Investment Company Institute, April 15, 1998 
PNC Bank N.A., June 10, 1997 
Alliance Funds, April 25, 1997 
The T. Rowe Price Funds, July 31, 1995

Leverage

T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., October 8, 2009 
Franklin Templeton Investments, June 19, 2009

Liquidating Trusts

Life Partners Position Holder Trust and Life Partners IRA Partnership, LLC, December 2, 2016 
I.C.H. Corporation, February 26, 1997 
Integrated Resources, Inc., August 5, 1994 
First Coastal Corporation, July 28, 1994 
MPC Liquidating Trust, March 10, 1994 
Oppenheimer Landmrk Properties, March 9, 1993 
Celina Financial Corporation, February 19, 1993

Limited Partnership Interest

W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.P., August 10, 1994 
Andrews & Kurth L.L.P., April 5, 1994 
Michael Tannenbaum, January 5, 1993

Mergers and Reorganizations Combinations

Integrity Life Insurance Co., National Integrity Life Insurance Co., Western-Southern Life Assurance Co., Touchtone Securities, Inc., December 21, 2011 
Janus Aspen Series, April 10, 2008 
CUNA Mutual Life Insurance Company, et al., December 27, 2007 
Ameritas Life Insurance Corp., April 5, 2007 
Mutual of America Investment Corporation, June 2, 2006 
GE Life and Annuity Assurance Company, June 25, 2004 
Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.) and Keyport Life Insurance Company, December 19, 2003 
Acacia National Life Insurance Company, December 19, 2003 
Allstate Life Insurance Company, December 23, 2002 
Sun Life Insurance and Annuity Company of New York, et al., December 20, 2002 
American Enterprise Life Insurance Company, April 30, 2002 
Manufacturers Life Insurance Company, The, December 27, 2001 
Aid Association for Lutherans/Lutheran Brotherhood, December 21, 2001 
AIG Life Insurance Company — American International Life Assurance Company of New York, November 6, 2001 
Nuveen Flagship Multistate Trust I, July 10, 1998 
Neuberger & Berman Income Funds, February 27, 1998 
Equitable Life Assurance Society, December 18, 1996 
Dreyfus Asset Allocation Fund, Inc., June 14, 1996 
Massachusetts Mutual Life, February 15, 1996 
The Capitol Mutual Funds and Nations Fund Trust, February 24, 1994

Mini-account Program

United Missouri Bank of Kansas City, January 23, 1995 
Wall Street Preferred Money Managers, Inc., April 10, 1992

Money Market Funds

Investment Company Institute Designated NRSROs, August 19, 2010 
Investment Company Institute (Corrected), August 10, 2010 
The Hartford Mutual Funds, Inc. and Hartford Series Fund, Inc., August 3, 2009 
Mount Vernon Securities Lending Trust, August 3, 2009 
Victory Institutional Money Market Fund, Victory Financial Reserves Fund, and Victory Prime Obligations Fund, August 3, 2009 
Straight-A Funding, LLC, July 28, 2009 
Citigroup Global Markets, Inc, May 28, 2009 
SEI Daily Income Trust ? Prime Obligation Fund, April 20, 2009 
SEI Liquid Asset Trust ? Prime Obligation Fund, April 20, 2009 
College Retirement Equities Fund (CREF), April 13, 2009 
Columbia Funds Series Trust — Columbia Cash Reserves, March 2, 2009 
Columbia Funds Series Trust — Columbia Money Market Reserves, March 2, 2009 
Master Portfolio Trust — Liquid Reserves Portfolio and Legg Mason Partners Money Market Trust — Western Asset Money Market Fund, March 2, 2009 
Northern Institutional Funds — Diversified Assets Portfolio, Liquid Assets Portfolio and Prime Obligations Portfolio and Northern Funds — Money Market Fund, March 2, 2009 
SEI Liquid Asset Trust — Prime Obligation Fund, March 2, 2009 
Mount Vernon Securities Lending Trust, January 8, 2009 
Master Portfolio Trust — Liquid Reserves Portfolio, December 8, 2008 
Reserve New York Municipal Money-Market Trust — New York Municipal Money-Market Fund, November 18, 2008 
SEI Daily Income Trust — Prime Obligation Fund, November 18, 2008 
Mount Vernon Securities Lending Trust, October 24, 2008 
Russell Investment Company, October 24, 2008 
Columbia Funds Series Trust, October 22, 2008 
ING Funds Trust, ING Investors Trust, and ING Series Fund, Inc., October 22, 2008 
 J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., October 22, 2008 
Legg Mason Partners Institutional Trust, October 22, 2008 
Legg Mason Partners Institutional Trust, October 22, 2008 
MainStay VP Cash Management Portfolio, October 22, 2008 
Morgan Stanley Money Market Funds, October 22, 2008 
Mount Vernon Securities Lending Trust, October 22, 2008 
Northwestern Mutual Series Fund, Inc., October 22, 2008 
Penn Series Funds Inc., October 22, 2008 
Penn Series Funds Inc., October 22, 2008 
Phoenix Opportunities Trust, October 22, 2008 
Principal Funds, Inc. and Principal Variable Contracts Funds, Inc., October 22, 2008 
RidgeWorth Funds, October 22, 2008 
Tamarack Funds Trust, October 22, 2008 
Touchstone Variable Series Trust, October 22, 2008 
USAA Mutual Funds Trust, October 22, 2008 
The Hartford Mutual Funds, Inc. and Hartford Series Fund, Inc., October 20, 2008 
Sun Capital Advisers Trust, October 20, 2008 
Advantus Series Fund, October 20, 2008 
Dreyfus Cash Management Plus, October 20, 2008 
Dreyfus Money Funds, October 20, 2008 
Dreyfus Money Funds, October 20, 2008 
Russell Investment Company, October 20, 2008 
Investment Company Institute, October 10, 2008 
Investment Company Institute, October 8, 2008 
Investment Company Institute, September 25, 2008 
Victory Institutional Money Market Fund, Victory Financial Reserves Fund, and Victory Prime Obligations Funds, August 1, 2008 
Northern Institutional Fund, July 16, 2008 
Western Asset Money Market
Fund, June 27, 2008 
Western Asset Institutional Money Market Fund, June 27, 2008 
HSBC Investor Funds, June 25, 2008 
Munder Series Trust, June 23, 2008 
Eaton Vance Management, June 13, 2008 
Allianz Dresdner Daily Asset Fund, May 5, 2008 
Master Portfolio Trust, April 18, 2008 
Master Portfolio Trust, April 4, 2008 
SEI Daily Income Trust – Prime Obligation Fund, February 29, 2008 
Northern Institutional Funds, February 28, 2008 
Wells Fargo Funds Trust – Prime Money Market Fund and Heritage Money Market Fund, February 13, 2008 
HSBC Investor Funds, January 18, 2008 
STI Classic Funds, January 2, 2008 
TDAM Money Market Portfolio, December 21, 2007 
First American Funds, Inc. – Prime Obligation Fund, December 3, 2007 
SEI Liquid Asset Trust Prime Obligation Fund, December 3, 2007 
SEI Daily Income Trust — Money Market Fund, November 9, 2007 
SEI Daily Income Trust — Prime Obligation Fund, November 8, 2007 
STI Classic Funds, October 26, 2007 
Evergreen Investment Management Company LLC, October 11, 2005 
Merrill Lynch Investment Managers, May 10, 2002 
AIM Advisors, Inc., February 12, 2002 
SSGA International Liquidity Fund, December 2, 1998 
ICI Mutual Insurance Company, July 27, 1998 
Investment Company Institute, April 15, 1998 
Investment Company Institute, May 9, 1996 
Norwest Funds — Municipal Money Market Fund, August 8, 1995 
California Municipal Cash Trust, July 11, 1995 
Lehman Brothers Daily Income Fund, July 7, 1995 
Twentieth Century Mutual Funds, July 7, 1995 
Wells Fargo Money Market Funds, July 7, 1995 
Benham California Tax-Free and Municipal Funds, June 30, 1995 
J.P. Morgan Structured
Obligations Corporation, July 27, 1994 
Adam W. Glass, July 20, 1994 
CBA Money Fund, et al., June 9, 1994 
Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation, May 26, 1994 
Sean J. Egan, May 10, 1994 
Investment Company Institute, June 16, 1993 
Investment Company Institute, November 2, 1992 
Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., July 24, 1992

Mixed and Shared Funding

Maxim Series Fund, Inc., et al., July 31, 2009

Model Portfolio

Clover Capital Management, Inc., October 28, 1986

Money Market Liquidity

J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., October 22, 2008 
Eaton Vance Management, June 13, 2008 
Merrill Lynch Investment Managers, May 10, 2002

Money Market — Liquidity Puts

UBS AG, July 29, 2009

Money Market Portfolio Valuation

College Retirement Equities Fund (CREF), April 13, 2009

Mortgages/Real Estate/REITs

Greenwich Capital Acceptance Inc., August 8, 1991 
NAB Asset Corp., June 20, 1991 
Citytrust, December 19, 1990 
United States Property Investment N.V., May 1, 1989 
United Bankers, March 23, 1988 
M.D.C. Holdings, May 5, 1987 
The State Street Mortgage Co., November 18, 1986 
First National Bank of Fremont, November 18, 1985 
Salomon Brothers, Inc., June 17, 1985 
Health Facility Credit Corp., February 6, 1985 
Baton Rouge Building and Construction Industry Foundation, August 31, 1984 
Northwestern Ohio Building and Construction Trades Foundation, April 20, 1984 
Nottingham Realty Securities, April 19, 1984 
Realex Capital Corporation, April 19, 1984 
American Home Finance Corp., April 9, 1981 
MGIC Mortgage Corp., August 1, 1974 
MGIC Mortgage Corp., October 6, 1972 
Urban Land Investments, November 4, 1971

Multiple Classes

PaineWebber Incorporated, January 27, 1995 
Investment Company Institute, June 15, 1993 
PNC Fund, et al., April 2, 1993

Municipal Bond

United Municipal Bond Fund, January 27, 1995

Names — Misleading

Straight-A Funding, LLC, July 28, 2009

National Securities Market Improvement Act of 1996

BSC Employee Fund, L.P., October 14, 1997 
Davis, Polk & Wardwell, April 24, 1997

No-Action Request Procedures

The Swiss Helvetia Fund, Inc., May 5, 2010

Offshore Funds

Dechert LLP, March 8, 2017 
Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering and Davis Polk & Wardell, October 5, 1998 
Goodwin, Procter & Hoar, October 5, 1998 
Pasadena Investment Trust, January 22, 1993

Oil & Gas

Linn Energy, LLC, August 30, 2012 

Pay to Play

Investment Company Institute, September 12, 2011

Periodic Payment Plan Certificate

Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation Company, October 15, 2003

Performance Allocation

Summit Advisors, Inc., March 1, 1994

Performance Fees

Amerivest Investment Management, LLC, August 19, 2014 
Trainer, Wortham & Co. Froley, Revy Investment Co. Starbuck, Tisdale & Assoc., December 6, 2004 
Pacific Select Fund, et al., December 23, 2004 
Seligman New Technologies Fund II, Inc., February 7, 2002 
John W. Henry Co. Inc., September 20, 1996 
Lazard Freres Asset Management, February 12, 1996 
James R. Waters, June 1, 1995 
George Colman, July 18, 1995 
Gerald Zuckerman, February 1, 1994

Personal Securities Transaction

National Compliance Service, November 30, 2005 
Mackenzie Investment Managment et al., August 8, 2000 
Pretzel & Stouffer, December 1, 1995 
W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.P., August 10, 1994

Pre-Paid Tuition Plans

Tuition Plan Consortium, LLP, February 4, 2003 
University of Alaska Advance College Tuition Payment, March 2, 1992

Pricing — Fair Value Pricing

Investment Company Institute, April 30, 2001 
Investment Company Institute, April 30, 2001 
Investment Company Institute, December 8, 1999 
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc., July 7, 1997 
M.S.B. Fund, Inc., February 10, 1995 
United Municipal Bond Fund, January 27, 1995

Principal Transaction

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, April 14, 2016 
BNY ConvergEx Group, September 21, 2010 
Auction Rate Securities, January 6, 2009 
Barclays Capital Inc., September 19, 2008 
JPMorgan Chase; Bear Stearns Asset Management II, March 16, 2008 
Gardner Russo & Gardner, June 7, 2006 
Credit Suisse First Boston, LLC, August 31, 2005

Principal Underwriters

Investment Company Institute, November 10, 2004

Private Investment Companies

Managed Funds Association, February 6, 2014 
Frankin Templeton Group of Funds, et al., May 21, 1999 
American Bar Association, April 22, 1999 
Service Corporation International, October 6, 1998 
Lamp Technologies, Inc., May 29, 1998 
Wilkie Farr & Gallagher, June 11, 1996 
Cornish & Carey Commercial Inc., February 26, 1996 
Maxine Harry, December 6, 1995 
Caxton Corporation, December 28, 1994 
Latham & Watkins, December 28, 1994 
Glenwood Investment Corp., August 10, 1994 
Edward H. Fleischman, June 30, 1994 
PanAgora Group Trust, April 29, 1994 
Long-Term Capital Management, L.P., April 28, 1994

Private Investment Companies — Attribution

Michael Tannenbaum, January 5, 1993

Private Offering

Lamp Technologies, Inc., May 29, 1998 
Goodwin, Procter & Hoar, February 28, 1997 
Merrill Lynch Asset Management, April 28, 1997 
Indosuez Asset Management Asia Limited, February 14, 1997 
Investment Funds Institute of Canada, February 6, 1996

Prospectuses — Delivery

Lincoln National Life Insurance & Lincoln Financial Advisors, January 30, 2003 
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, April 26, 1995

Prospectuses — Disclosure

Lindbergh Funds, October 30, 2002 
Nationwide Life Insurance Company, March 16, 2001 
Investment Company Institute, July 29, 1996 
John Hancock Fund, Inc., June 25, 1996 
Australian Securities Commission, October 23, 1996 
Letter Providing General Guidance to Insurance Companies Filing Post-Effective Amendments in Connection with the Offering of Variable Life and Variable Annuity Contracts, November 8, 1989 
Letter Providing General Guidance to Insurance Companies Filing Post-Effective Amendments in Connection with the Offering of Variable Life and Variable Annuity Contracts, January 24, 1989 
Frank Russell Investment Management Company, August 30, 1993

Proxy Statement

Transamerica Series, Inc., November 7, 1994 
Alameda Contra Costa Medical Association Collective Investment Trust for Retirement Plans, August 26, 1993

Proxy Voting

Swiss Helvetia Fund, April 6, 2017 
JP Morgan Municipal Money Market Fund, April 15, 2014 
First Trust Dividend and Income Fund, January 30, 2014 
Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.,  February 11, 2014 
College Retirement Equities Fund ("Fund") Shareholder Proposal of Aaron Levitt, May 6, 2011 
Institutional Shareholder Services, Inc., September 15, 2004 
Egan-Jones Proxy Services, May 27, 2004

Public Offering

ING Bank, N.V., July 8, 2002 
Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering and Davis Polk & Wardell, October 5, 1998 
Goodwin, Procter & Hoar, October 5, 1998 
Lamp Technologies, Inc., May 29, 1997 
Dean Witter, Discover & Co., February 8, 1993

Public Utility Holding Companies

Section 2(a)(3) 

Bonneville Power Administration, February 10, 2004 
RealEnergy, Inc., et al., August 12, 2003 
Dominion Equipment II, Inc., et al., March 25, 2003 
Juniper Capital L.P., June 23, 2003 
Duke Energy Control Area Services, LLC, July 9, 2003 
Large Scale Distributed Generation II Statutory Trust, September 5, 2001 

Sections 2(a)(3) and 2(a)(7) 

EIF Neptune, LLC Starwood Energy Investors, LLC & Atlantic Energy Parts, July 29, 2005 
DTE Heritage, LLC, et. al., July 30, 2003 
Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc., et. al., September 23, 2003 

Sections 2(a)(7) 

Old Dominion Electric Cooperative, et al., October 13, 2004 
Arizona Electric Power Cooperative, Inc., July 27, 2001 
Western Farmers Electric Cooperative, February 23, 2001 

Sections 2(a)(7) and 2(a)(11)(A) 

k1 Ventures, et. al., July 28, 2003 
Evercore METC Investment Inc., et. al., November 25, 2003 
General Electric Capital Corporation, April 26, 2002 

Section 17(c) and Rule 70 

Enron Corporation, March 11, 2004


Qualified Purchase Definition — Investment Company Act Status Determination

Cabot Wellington, LLC, June 17, 2008 
McDermott, Will & Emery, July 26, 2007 
Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P., March 13, 2007 
SCP Private Equity Partners II, L.P., June 6, 2006 
American Bar Association, April 22, 1999 
Sullivan and Cromwell, December 29, 1997

Qualified Purchaser Fund

The Townsend Group, Inc., July 9, 2008 
Cabot Wellington, LLC, June 17, 2008 
Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P., March 13, 2007 
Service Corporation International, October 6, 1998 
BSC Employee Fund, L.P., October 14, 1997 
Redwood Investment Fund, LLC, October 14, 1997 
Davis, Polk & Wardwell, April 24, 1997

Real Estate

Capital Trust, Inc., February 3, 2009 
Capital Trust, Inc., May 24, 2007 
Stephen R. Kelly, July 28, 1994

Real Estate Investment Trusts

College Retirement Equities Fund Real Estate Account, July 22, 1993

Recordkeeping Requirements — Investment Advisers

Investment Company Institute, September 12, 2011 
Omgeo LLC, August 14, 2009 
Jennison Associates LLC, July 6, 2000 
Salomon Brothers Asset Management Inc and Salomon Brothers Asset Management Asia Pacific Limited, July 23, 1999 
John Bowen Investment Management, May 13, 1997 
Horizon Asset Management, LLC, September 13, 1996 
First Call Corporation, September 6, 1995

Recordkeeping Requirements — Investment Adviser Separate Accounts

LNC Equity Sales Corporation, August 8, 1997

Recordkeeping Requirements — Investment Adviser Suitability

MLC Limited, July 21, 1997

Recordkeeping Requirements — Investment Companies

First Call Corporation, September 6, 1995

Redeemable Securities

ING Life Insurance and Annuity Company, August 30, 2012 
Eaton Vance Management, June 13, 2008 
Nationwide Life Insurance Company, March 16, 2001 
Credit Suisse First Boston, September 9, 1998 
Nebraska Higher Education Loan Program, April 3, 1998 
Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation, May 26, 1994 
Brown & Wood, February 24, 1994

Redemption Fees

Investment Company Institute, February 1, 2007 
Fidelity Advisor Korea Fund, Inc., March 7, 2001

Redemptions

ReFlow Fund, LLC, July 15, 2002 
Signature Financial Group, Inc., December 28, 1999 
Investment Company Institute, December 8, 1999 
M.S.B. Fund, Inc., February 10, 1995 
CBA Money Fund, et al., June 9, 1994 
Travelers Insurance Company et al., September 3, 1993

Registration

ABA  Retirement Funds, November 25, 2013


IDS Life Insurance Company, et al., December 14, 2006 
Sun Life Insurance and Annuity Company of New York, et al., December 20, 2002 
Aid Association for Lutherans/Lutheran Brotherhood, December 21, 2001 
Thomson Financial Inc., July 10, 2002 
Manufacturers Life Insurance Company, The, December 27, 2001

Registration — Investment Advisers

Willkie Farr & Gallagher, September 21, 2015 
MEAG  MUNICH ERGO., February 14, 2014
       
TACT Asset Management Inc., October 24, 2012 
Allianz of America,  Inc., May 25, 2012 
Peter Adamson III, April 3, 2012 
Industrial Alliance, Investment Management Inc., March 14, 2012 
American Bar Association, Business Law Section, January 18, 2012 
Zenkyoren Asset Management of America Inc., June 30, 2011 
Lockheed Martin Investment Management Company, June 6, 2006 
Royal Bank of Canada, et al., June 3, 1998 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V., July 1, 1997 
David Parkinson, October 19, 1995 
Thomson Advisory Group L.P., September 26, 1995 
Mark A. Bush, August 8, 1995 
Gilbert G. Beezley, July 17, 1995 
Venture Search Technology Inc., July 11, 1995 
Dana Investment Advisors, Inc., October 12, 1994 
Arthur Andersen & Co., July 8, 1994

Registration — Investment Companies

Linn Energy, LLC, August 30, 2012 
ABA Retirement Funds Program, June 7, 2010 
Seward & Kissel LLP, April 15, 2009 
Exelon Corporation, September 13, 2007 
MACRO Securities Depositor, LLC, December 1, 2006 
Shee Atika Investments, LLC, January 20, 2004 
First Data Corporation, January 13, 2004 
Mercy Investment Program, Inc., June 12, 2003 
Metropolitan Insurance and Annuity Company, June 6, 2003 
Brown & Wood, February 24, 2000 
Richard L. Mertz, April 1, 1993

Regulation S-P

Staff Responses to Questions About Regulation S-P, January 23, 2003

Reimbursement of Proxy Expenses

Mexico Equity and Income Fund, The, November 15, 2001

Reorganization

IDS Life Insurance Company, et al., December 14, 2006 
The Eaton Vance Group of Investment Companies, July 25, 1997 
Dreyfus Asset Allocation Fund, Inc., June 14, 1996 
Principle Preservation Portfolios, Inc., December 6, 1995 
The Capitol Mutual Funds and Nations Fund Trust, February 24, 1994

Reporting Requirements — Investment Advisers

Manufacturers Adviser Corp, September 10, 2002

Reporting Requirements — Investment Companies

Bank of America Corporation and Affiliates ("BAC"), April 29, 2011 
Berthel Growth & Income
Trust I, May 5, 2009 
BlackRock Advisers LLC and Affiliates, November 4, 2008 
NGP Capital Resources Company (Corrected), December 28, 2007 
American Home Assurance Company, et. al., October 17, 2005 
College and University Facility Loan Trust One, et al., November 29, 2004 
Westford Technology Ventures, L.P., January 28, 2004 
Equus Capital Partners L.P., November 14, 2003 
ML-Lee Acquisition Fund II, L.P. and ML-Lee Acquisition Fund (Retirement Accounts) II, L.P, March 4, 2003 
Manufacturers Adviser Corp, September 10, 2002 
Select Sector SPDR Trust, May 6, 1999

Repurchase Agreement

Investment Company Institute, June 15, 1999

Reverse Repurchase Agreement

Dreyfus Cash Management, et al., September 25, 2008

Safe Harbors

Citigroup Inc., July 26, 2006

Sales Financing

Royalty Pharma, August 13, 2010

Sales Load

Capital Group, January 11, 2017 
Linsco/Private Ledger Corp., November 1, 1994 
Sedgwick Consulting Group, May 17, 1993 
Charles Schwab & Co., May 28, 1992

Sales Load — Contingent Deferred

Thomson Fund Group, et al., January 28, 1993

Sales of Fund Shares below NAV

Kohlberg Capital Corporation, March 12, 2009 
ReFlow Fund, LLC, July 15, 2002

Security — Definition

PIMCO Funds, July 9, 2002 
Willkie Farr & Gallagher, October 23, 2000 
Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company, November 27, 1998 
American Mutual Life Insurance, June 13, 1996

Securities Lending

Nuveen Investment Funds, February  13, 2014
  		     
Securities Lending by U.S. Open-End and Closed-End  Investment Companies, November 6, 2012 
Nuveen Asset Management, Inc., et al., December 30, 2010 
USB Global Asset Management (US), Inc., November 21, 2002 
UAM Funds Inc., September 24, 2001 
U.S. Bancorp Asset Management Inc., et al., December 11, 2001 
Brinson Funds, et al., November 25, 1997 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., September 16, 1997 
Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, November 17, 1995 
Norwest Bank Minnesota, N.A. and Society National Bank, May 25, 1995 
United Services Funds, April 23, 1993

Securities Related Business

SPDR S&P Dividend ETF, March 28, 2016 
Vanguard Group, Inc., May 22, 2009 
Select Sector SPDR Fund and Diamonds Trust, July 6, 2000 
Victory Stock Index Fund, February 7, 1995 
The Royce Fund, January 24, 1995 
Kidder Peabody Investment Trust, May 14, 1993

Self Custody — Investment Companies

Maxim Series Fund Inc., January 14, 2004

Senior Securities

Registered  Investment Company Use of Senior Securities - Select Bibliography,  February 12, 2013 (Last Modified) 
American Capital, Ltd, June 30, 2009 
Investment Company Institute, October 8, 2008 
ReFlow Fund, LLC, July 15, 2002 
New America High Income Fund, Inc., July 29, 1993

Separate Accounts

Integrity Life Insurance Co., National Integrity Life Insurance Co., Western-Southern Life Assurance Co., Touchtone Securities, Inc., December 21, 2011 
First Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company & Canada Life Insurance Company of New York, December 22, 2005 
GE Life and Annuity Assurance Company, June 25, 2004 
Acacia National Life Insurance Company, December 19, 2003 
Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.) and Keyport Life Insurance Company, December 19, 2003 
Allstate Life Insurance Company, December 23, 2002 
Sun Life Insurance and Annuity Company of New York, et al., December 20, 2002 
American Enterprise Life Insurance Company, April 30, 2002 
Manufacturers Life Insurance Company, The, December 27, 2001 
Aid Association for Lutherans/Lutheran Brotherhood, December 21, 2001 
AIG Life Insurance Company — American International Life Assurance Company of New York, November 6, 2001 
AIG Life Insurance Company, August 16, 2001 
Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, August 10, 1998 
Gary E. Hughes, American Council of Life Insurance, May 26, 1996 
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company,
New England Mutual Life Insurance Company, and New England Variable Life Insurance Company, May 17, 1996 
The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States, December 22, 1995

Series Companies

Mutual Series Fund Inc., November 7, 1995 
Scudder Investment Trust, March 23, 1994

Shareholder Meetings

Kohlberg Capital Corporation, March 12, 2009 
Calvert Group, January 7, 1993

Shareholder Proposals

Franklin Limited Duration Income Trust, July 27, 2016 
Deutsche Multi-Market Income Trust (Omission of Shareholder Proposal), June 24, 2016 
Deutsche Strategic Income Trust (Omission of Shareholder Proposal), June 24, 2016 
Omission of Shareholder Proposal (Fidelity Freedom 2020 Fund, Fidelity Freedom 2025 Fund, and Fidelity Advisor Municipal Income Fund), August 12, 2015 
Omission of Shareholder Proposal Submitted by Steven N. Harris (Liberty All-Star Equity Fund), May 6, 2015 
Opportunity Partners L.P. Shareholder Proposal (Clough Global Equity Fund), April 16, 2015 
Harris & Harris Group, Inc., April 3, 2015 
Tom DeWard Shareholder Proposal (LMP Real Estate Income Fund, Inc.), March 25, 2015 
Fidelity Inflation-Protected Bond Fund (Omission of Shareholder Proposal), February 24, 2015 
Karpus Management, Inc. Shareholder Proposal (Alliance Bernstein Income Fund, Inc.), February 18, 2015 
Ellsworth Fund Ltd, November 6, 2014 
First Trust Dividend and Income Fund, January 30, 2014 
Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.,  February 11, 2014 
Request for Consideration of the Steve Tamari Shareholder Proposal (College Retirement Equities Fund), May 23, 2013 
Sandra M. Fox Shareholder Proposal (College Retirement Equities Fund), May 10, 2013 
Steve Tamari Shareholder Proposal (College Retirement Equities Fund), May 10, 2013 
Fidelity Select Portfolios, March 15, 2013 
Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc., January 18, 2013 
Foxby Corp., September 17, 2012 
Liberty All-star Growth Fund, Inc., May 10, 2012 
ING Emerging Countries Fund, May 7, 2012 
Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund, March 21, 2012 
College Retirement Equities Fund ("Fund") Shareholder Proposal of Aaron Levitt, May 6, 2011 
Omission of Shareholder Proposal Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 for H&Q Life Sciences Investors, March 24, 2011 
Lazard Global Total Return and Income Fund, Inc. and Lazard World Dividend & Income Fund, Inc., February 15, 2011 
H & Q Life Sciences Investors, February 4, 2011 
Adams Express Company, January 26, 2011 
The Ibero-America Fund, Inc., September 9, 2010 
The Swiss Helvetia Fund, Inc., May 5, 2010 
TS&W/Claymore Tax-Advantaged Balanced Fund, April 27, 2009 
U.S. Government Reserves and Fidelity Cash Reserves, April 27, 2009 
American Capital, Ltd., February 5, 2009 
College Retirement Equities Fund, May 19, 2008 
Fidelity Funds, January 22, 2008 
Franklin Universal Trust, December 18, 2007 
Alliance World Dollar Government Fund, Inc., October 19, 2006 
Putnam Premier Income Trust, March 14, 2006 
Putnam High Income Securities Fund, March 14, 2006 
Putnam Tax-Free Health Care Fund, August 8, 2005 
Fidelity Magellan Fund, March 15, 2005 
Medallion Financial Corp., May 11, 2004 
Tri-Continental Corporation, March 15, 2004 
Robert P. Laukat Regarding Tri-Continental Corporation , March 15, 2004 
The New Ireland Fund, Inc., March 15, 2004 
College Retirement Equities Fund — Stone, May 3, 2004 
College Retirement Equities Fund — Belth, May 3, 2004 
College Retirement Equities Fund — Fuller, May 3, 2004 
College Retirement Equities Fund — Buchman, May 3, 2004 
Tri-Continental Corporation, March 25, 2003 
MuniYield Insured Fund, Inc., March 11, 2002 
Asia Tiger Fund, Inc., The, January 31, 2002 
Pioneer Interest Shares, June 20, 2001 
Asia Pacific Fund, Inc (The), June 8, 2001 
Asia Tiger Fund, Inc., The, December 28, 2001 
Current Income Shares, Inc., July 10, 2001 
AHA Investment Funds, Inc, March 8, 2001 
France Growth Fund, Inc, April 6, 2001 
 France Growth Fund, Inc.; Advantage Partners LP, April 6, 2001 
France Growth Fund, Inc.; Strome Hedgecap Fund, April 6, 2001 
Lincoln National Convertible Securities Fund, Inc. — Walter S. Baer, September 28, 2001 
Templeton Vietnam and Southeast Asia Fund, September 28, 2001 
Fidelity Advisor Korea Fund, Inc, March 7, 2001

Shareholders Votes

Main Street Capital Corporation, June 20, 2011 
First Trust/Gallatin Specialty Finance and Financial Opportunities Fund, July 11, 2008 
AHA Investment Funds, Inc., March 8, 2001 
Swiss Helvetia Fund, Inc., March 6, 2001 
R.O.C. Taiwan Fund, February 11, 2000 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., March 31, 1998 
Dessauer Global Equity Fund, April 3, 1997

Short Sales or Short Selling

Highbridge Statistical Market Neutral Fund, September 29, 2008 
Highbridge Statistical Market Neutral Fund, April 7, 2008

Soft Dollar Arrangements

BNY ConvergEx Group, September 21, 2010 

Solicitors

Dougherty & Company LCC, July 3, 2003 
Fahnestock & Company Inc., April 21, 2003 
Dougherty & Company LLC, March 21, 2003 
National Football League Players Association, January 25, 2002

Spin Offs Assignment

Dean Witter, Discover & Co., February 8, 1993

Stapled Securities

Robertson, Stephens & Company, January 12, 1993

State Regulation

Public Employees' Retirement Board of the State of Oregon, March 3, 1998

Status of Investment Company

Continental
of Illinois (Delaware), Ltd., March 14, 1973

Structured Financing

Franklin Templeton Investments, June 19, 2009 
Credit Suisse First Boston, September 9, 1998 
Nebraska  Higher Education Loan Program Inc., April 4,  1998 
Federated Investors, July 8, 1997 
ESI S.A., February 2, 1995 
Global Exempt Certificates of Ownership in NHA MBS Securities Inc., December 30, 1994 
Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation, May 26, 1994 
Brown & Wood, February 24, 1994

 
Student Loans

New England Education Loan Marketing Corp, May 22, 1998

Subsidiaries

AFL-CIO Housing Investment Trust, Aug. 5, 2016 
Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc., April 30, 2015 
ASA Limited, July 23, 2010 
Pengrowth Energy Trust, January 27, 2000

Successor registration

Barclays Capital Inc., September 19, 2008

Taxation

Copley Fund, Inc., April 5, 2013 
Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering and Davis Polk & Wardell, October 5, 1998 
Goodwin, Procter & Hoar, October 5, 1998

Tender Offers

UBS AG, July 29, 2009 
Eaton Vance Management, June 13, 2008

Territorial Exemption

Puerto Rico Balanced Fund, Inc., April 29, 1997

Tracking Stock

Comdisco, Inc., October 25, 2000

Transient Investment Company

One Point Communications Corp, June 12, 1998 
Keene Corporation, June 2, 1993

Trustee

Global Exempt Certificates of Ownership in NHA MBS Securities Inc., December 30, 1994

Unit Investment Trust

Unit Investment Trust Organizational Expenses, May 9, 1995 
Travelers Insurance Company et al., September 3, 1993 
PaineWebber Equity Trusts, July 19, 1993 
Defined Asset Funds — Equity Income Fund — Select Ten Series, May 5, 1993

Valuation

Valuation of  Portfolio Securities and other Assets Held by Registered Investment Companies -  Select Bibliography of the Division of Investment Management, March 20,  2009 
Letter  to the Investment Company Institute Regarding Valuation Issues, April 2001 
Investment  Company Institute, December 8, 1999 

Variable Annuities Contract

National Association for Variable Annuities, June 4, 1996 
Letter Providing General Guidance to Insurance Companies Filing Post-Effective Amendments in Connection with the Offering of Variable Life and Variable Annuity Contracts, November 8, 1989 
Letter Providing General Guidance to Insurance Companies Filing Post-Effective Amendments in Connection with the Offering of Variable Life and Variable Annuity Contracts, January 24, 1989

Variable Rate Securities

Bank of America Corporation and Affiliates ("BAC"), April 29, 2011 
BlackRock Advisers LLC and Affiliates, November 4, 2008

Voting Security

Boulder Total Return Fund, Inc., November 15, 2010 
Wells Fargo Alternative Asset Management, LLC, January 26, 2005 
Wilkie Farr & Gallagher, June 11, 1996 
Philadelphia Ventures Liberty Fund, L.P., February 14, 1995

Voting Trust

Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, November 13, 1999

Warrants

The South America Fund N.V., September 2, 1993

Wrap Fee Arrangements

BISYS Fund Services, Inc., September 2, 1999 
Pershing Division of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp., September 15, 1994 




Alphabetical List of No-Action Letters


16th Amendment Advisors LLC, March 23, 2015 

AAL Mutual Funds, et al., December 12, 2002 
ABA  Retirement Funds, November 25, 2013


ABA Retirement Funds Program, June 7, 2010 
ABA Subcommittee on Private Investment Entities, August 10, 2006 
ABA Subcommittee on Private Investment Entities, December 8, 2005 
Aberdeen
Asia-Pacific Income Fund, Inc., June 26, 2013 
Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund, Inc., July 13, 2006 
Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund, Inc., Aberdeen Chile Fund, Inc. and Aberdeen Global Income Fund, Inc., April 12, 2012 
Accor Services, June 7, 2010 
AHA Investment Funds, Inc, March 8, 2001 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V., July 1, 1997 
Acacia National Life Insurance Company, December 19, 2003 
Accounting Comment Letter, November 2, 1995 
ACM Institutional Reserves, Inc., July 14, 1995 
The Adams Company, November 26, 1982 
Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc., April 30, 2015 
Adams Express Company, January 26, 2011 
Adams Express Company, September 7, 1984 
Adams Express Company, September 20, 1979 
Adams Express Company, September 9, 1974 
Peter Adamson III, April 3, 2012 
Advantus Series Fund, October 20, 2008 
AFL-CIO Housing Investment Trust, Aug. 5, 2016 
Aid Association for Lutherans/Lutheran Brotherhood, December 21, 2001 
AIG Life Insurance Company, August 16, 2001 
AIG Life Insurance Company — American International Life Assurance Company of New York, November 6, 2001 
AIM Advisors, Inc., February 12, 2002 
Alameda Contra Costa Medical Association Collective Investment Trust for Retirement Plans, August 26, 1993 
Allianz of America,  Inc., May 25, 2012 
Alliance Capital
Management L.P., April 7, 1993 
Alliance Funds, April 25, 1997 
Alliance Municipal Trust, July 14, 1995 
Alliance World Dollar Government Fund, Inc., October 19, 2006 
Allianz Dresdner Daily Asset Fund, May 5, 2008 
Allianz Funds, August 3, 2009 
Allstate Life Insurance Company, December 23, 2002 
Alternative Investment Partners Absolute Return Fund STS, July 10, 2006 
American Bar Association, Business Law Section, January 18, 2012 
American Bar Association, April 22, 1999 
American Bible Society, June 1, 2004 
American Capital, Ltd, June 30, 2009 
American Capital, Ltd., February 5, 2009 
American Century Companies, Inc. / J.P. Morgan & Co., December 23, 1997 
American Century Investment Management, Inc., December 20, 2016 
American Century Investment Management, Inc., February 2, 2012 
American Council of Life Insurance, June 20, 1995 
American Enterprise Life Insurance Company, April 30, 2002 
American Express Financial Corporation, November 17, 1998 
American Funds Distributors, October 16, 1989 
American Home Assurance Company, et. al., October 17, 2005 
American Home Finance Corp., April 9, 1981 
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, December 23, 2010 
American International Group, Inc., February 21, 2006 
American International Group, Inc., December 8, 2004 
American International Group, Inc., July 18, 1997 
American Mutual Life Insurance, June 13, 1996 
American Odyssey Funds, Inc., October 7, 1996 
American Retirement Association, February 18, 2015 
American Skandia Life Assurance Corporation, May 16, 2005 
Ameriprise Financial Services Inc., April 5, 2006 
Ameritas Life Insurance Corp., April 5, 2007 
Amerivest Investment Management, LLC, August 19, 2014 
AmSouth Mutual Funds, July 8, 1997 
Andrews & Kurth L.L.P., April 5, 1994 
Arizona Electric Power Cooperative Inc., July 27, 2001 
Ark Therapeutics Group plc, April 15, 2005 
Arthur Andersen & Co., July 8, 1994 
ASA Limited, July 23, 2010 
ASA (Bermuda) Limited, December 13, 2006 
Asia Pacific Fund, Inc (The), June 8, 2001 
Asia Pacific Fund, Inc (The) — Thomas A. Kornfeld, June 8, 2001 
Asia Tiger Fund, Inc., The, December 28, 2001 
Asia Tiger Fund, Inc., The, January 31, 2002 
Association for Investment Management and Research, December 18, 1996 
ASX Settlement & Transfer Corporation, August 13, 1996 
ASX Settlement and Transfer Corporation, April 19, 1994 
Auction Rate Securities, January 6, 2009 
Auction Rate Securities — Global Exemptive Relief, September 22, 2008 
Austraclear Limited, April 28, 2004 
Austraclear Limited, April 6, 1993 
Australian Securities Commission, October 23, 1996 
Automated Trading Desk Specialists, LLC, March 13, 2009 
AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company, February 27, 2009 
The Ayco Company L.P., December 14, 1995 

BAC Home Loans Servicing, LP (formerly Countrywide Home Loans Servicing LP), June 2, 2011 
Ballard Spahr Andrews & Ingersoll, LLP, April 3, 2002 
Bancafe/Juan Vico, May 22, 1996 
Banc of America Securities LLC, June 10, 2009 
Bank of America Corporation and Affiliates ("BAC"), April 29, 2011 
Bank of America, N.A., November  25, 2014 
Bank of Ireland Asset Management (U.S.) Ltd., April 2, 2009 
Barclays Capital Inc., September 19, 2008 
Barclays Global Fund Advisors et al., March 12, 2009 
Wm. S. Barnickel & Company, November 1, 1994 
Baton Rouge Building and Construction Industry Foundation, August 31, 1984 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., October 31, 2003 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., September 16, 1997 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., January 28, 1992 
Benham California Tax-Free and Municipal Funds, June 30, 1995 
Benson White & Company, June 14, 1995 
Berthel Growth & Income
Trust I, May 5, 2009 
Gilbert G. Beezley, July 17, 1995 
BISYS Fund Services, Inc., September 2, 1999 
BlackRock Advisers LLC and Affiliates, November 4, 2008 
BlackRock Health Sciences Trust, February 25, 2016 
BlackRock Limited Duration Trust, et al. , October 19, 2015
	 
BlackRock Multi-Sector Income Trust, July 9, 2013
	 
Blanchard Global Growth Fund, May 7, 1996 
BNY ConvergEx Group, September 21, 2010 
BNY Mellon Funds Trust, December 2, 2008 
Bonneville Power Administration, February 10, 2004 
Boulder Total Return Fund, Inc., November 15, 2010 
Boulder Growth and Income Fund, Inc., March 5, 2010 
Boulder Total Return Fund, Inc., March 5, 2010 
Bradley A. Veld, August 15, 1997 
Bramwell Growth Fund, August 7, 1996 
The Brink’s Company, February  11, 2014 
Brinson Funds, et al., November 25, 1997 
Brown & Wood, February 24, 2000 
Brown & Wood, February 24, 1994 
BSC Employee Fund, L.P., October 14, 1997 
Bucharest Stock Exchange, June 3, 1997 
Mark A. Bush, August 8, 1995 
David S. Butterworth, January 27, 1994 

Cabot Wellington, LLC, June 17, 2008 
Calamos Convertible Opportunities and Income Fund, Calamos Convertible and High Income Fund, and Calamos Global Total Return Fund, February 14, 2011 
California Municipal Cash Trust, July 11, 1995 
Calvert Group, January 7, 1993 
Calvert Social Index Fund, September 24, 2001 
The Canadian Depository for Securities Limited, August 4, 1994 
Cantor Fitzgerald & Company, February 17, 2004 
Capital Group, January 11, 2017 
Capital Trust, Inc., February 3, 2009 
Capital Trust, Inc., May 24, 2007 
The Capitol Mutual Funds and Nations Fund Trust, February 24, 1994 
Carey Credit Income Fund et al., July 15, 2015


Caxton Corporation, December 28, 1994 
CBA Money Fund, et al., June 9, 1994 
Celina Financial Corporation, February 19, 1993 
CenturyLink Investment Management Company, December 8, 2016 
Century Shares Trust, May 4, 1994 
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc., July 7, 1997 
Charles Schwab & Co., May 28, 1992 
The Chase Manhattan Bank, July 24, 2001 
Chase Manhattan Bank, June 12, 1998 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, December 29, 2015 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, December 19, 2014 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, December 26, 2013 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, July 10, 2013 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, September 27, 2012 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, September 27, 2012 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, July 29, 2011 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, July 29, 2011 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, March 24, 2011 
Chief Financial Officer, November 7, 1997 
Chief Financial Officer, November 1, 1994 
Chief Financial Officer of Investment Company Registrants, February 3, 1995 
CIBC Mellon Trust Company, February 24, 2005 
Citicorp Securities, April 6, 1995 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc., August 6, 2014 
Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., May 28, 2009 
Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., December 23, 2008 
Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., September 26, 2006 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. f/k/a Salomon Smith Barney Inc., October 31, 2003 
Citigroup Inc., October 22, 2010 
Citigroup Inc., July 26, 2006 
Citytrust, Inc., December 19, 1990 
Claymore Advisors, LLC, April 27, 2010 
Clover Capital Management, Inc., October 28, 1986 
CME Group, Inc., December 3, 2010 
CME Group, Inc., July 16, 2010 
George Colman, July 18, 1995 
College and University Facility Loan Trust One, et al., November 29, 2004 
College Retirement Equities Fund, May 19, 2008 
College Retirement Equities Fund (CREF), April 13, 2009 
College Retirement Equities Fund ("Fund") Shareholder Proposal of Aaron Levitt, May 6, 2011 
College Retirement Equities Fund — Stone, May 3, 2004 
College Retirement Equities Fund — Belth, May 3, 2004 
College Retirement Equities Fund — Fuller, May 3, 2004 
College Retirement Equities Fund — Buchman, May 3, 2004 
College Retirement Equities Fund Real Estate Account, July 22, 1993 
Colonial Trust I et al., October 20, 1995 
Columbia Funds, December 12, 2011 
Columbia Funds, et al., December 23, 2008 
Columbia Funds Series Trust — Columbia Cash Reserves, March 2, 2009 
Columbia Funds Series Trust — Columbia Money Market Reserves, March 2, 2009 
Columbia Funds Series Trust, October 22, 2008 
Comdisco, Inc., October 25, 2000 
Continental
of Illinois (Delaware), Ltd., March 14, 1973 
Constellation Financial Management LLC, January 9, 2003 
Cooley Godward & Kronish, July 12, 2007 
Copley Fund, Inc., August 2, 2013 
Copley Fund, Inc., June 18, 2013
	 
Copley Fund, Inc., April 5, 2013 
Cornish & Carey Commercial Inc., February 26, 1996 
County of Los Angeles, January 27, 1993 
Credit Agricole Asset Management Alternative Investments, Inc., August 7, 2006 
Credit Suisse, May  20, 2014
 
Credit Suisse First Boston, LLC, August 31, 2005 
Credit Suisse First Boston LLC f/k/a Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, October 31, 2003 
Credit Suisse First Boston, September 9, 1998 
Credit Suisse High Yield Bond Fund and Credit Suisse Asset Management Income Fund, Inc., June 26, 2013 
CUNA Mutual Life Insurance Company, et al., December 27, 2007 
Current Income Shares, Inc., July 10, 2001 
Custody of B Shares Trading on the Shenzhen and Shanghai Securities Exchanges, April 26, 1993 

DALBAR, Inc., March 24, 1998 
Dana Investment Advisors, Inc., October 12, 1994 
Datastream International Inc., March 15, 1993 
Davis, Polk & Wardwell, April 24, 1997 
Daughters of Charity National Health System, Inc., April 3, 1998 
Dean Witter, Discover & Co. ("DWD") and Morgan Stanley Group Inc., April 18, 1997 
Dean Witter, Discover & Co., February 8, 1993 
Dean Witter World Wide Investment Trust, September 17, 1996 
Dechert, January 25, 2017 
Dechert LLP, March 8, 2017 
Dechert LLP, August 24, 2009 
Defined Asset Funds, December 23, 1998 
Defined Asset Funds — Equity Income Fund — Select Ten Series, May 5, 1993 
Deloitte & Touche LLP, August 28, 2006 
Department of Labor, October 26, 2011 
Department of Labor, December 5, 1995 
Depository Clearing Company, December 19, 1997 
Depository Trust Company of Delaware, LLC dba Delaware Depository, September 12, 2016 
Derivatives Use by Actively-Managed ETFs, December 6, 2012 
Dessauer Global Equity Fund, April 3, 1997 
Deutsche Bank Microcredit Development Fund, Inc., April 8, 2011 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., June 9, 2009 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., September 24, 2004 
Deutsche Multi-Market Income Trust (Omission of Shareholder Proposal), June 24, 2016 
Deutsche Strategic Income Trust (Omission of Shareholder Proposal), June 24, 2016 
Dexia Municipal Agency, December 26, 2007 
DFA Investment Trust, March 21, 1996 
DFA Investment Trust Company, October 17, 1995 
Dominion Equipment II, Inc., et al., March 25, 2003 
Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation, May 26, 1994 
Dougherty & Company LCC, July 3, 2003 
Dougherty & Company LLC, March 21, 2003 
Dreyfus Asset Allocation Fund, Inc., June 14, 1996 
Dreyfus Cash Management Plus, October 20, 2008 
Dreyfus Cash Management, et al., September 25, 2008 
Dreyfus Money Funds, October 20, 2008 
Dreyfus Money Funds, October 20, 2008 
Drinker, Biddle & Reath, December 18, 1998 
DTE Heritage, LLC, et. al., July 30, 2003 
Duke Energy Control Area Services, LLC, July 9, 2003 

Eaton Vance, et al., June 26, 2013 
The Eaton Vance Group of Investment Companies, July 25, 1997 
Eaton Vance Management, June 13, 2008 
Eaton Vance Master Portfolio, December 11, 1996 
Eaton Vance Special Investment Trust, et al March 30, 2004 
 Eaton Vance South Asia Portfolio, March 12, 1997 
Egan-Jones Proxy Services, May 27, 2004 
Sean J. Egan, May 10, 1994 
EIF Neptune, LLC Starwood Energy Investors, LLC & Atlantic Energy Parts, July 29, 2005 
Ellsworth Fund Ltd, November 6, 2014 
Emerging Global Advisors, LLC and EGA Emerging Global Shares Trust, February 27, 2013 
Emeriti Consortium for Retirement Health Solutions, September 3, 2009 
Emeriti Consortium for Retirement Health Solutions, June 16, 2008 
Emeriti Consortium for Retirement Health Solutions, April 7, 2005 
Energy Income and Growth Fund and First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund, July 27, 2010 
Enron Corporation, March 11, 2004 
Equitable Life Assurance Society, December 18, 1996 
The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States, December 22, 1995 
Equus Capital Partners L.P., November 14, 2003 
Erste Abwicklungsanstalt, October 10, 2012 
ESI S.A., February 2, 1995 
E*Trade Capital Markets LLC, March 12, 2009 
E*TRADE Securities, LLC, November 30, 2005 
Evercore METC Investment Inc., et. al., November 25, 2003 
Evergreen Investment Management Company LLC, October 11, 2005 
Evergreen Investment Management Company, LLC, February 13, 2002 
Exelon Corporation, September 13, 2007 

F. Porter Stansberry, September 30, 2015 
Fahnestock & Company Inc., April 21, 2003 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, July 12, 2002 
Federal National Mortgage Association, July 12, 2002 
Federated Core Trust II, L.P., February 6, 2002 
Federated Investors, July 8, 1997
     
Federated Investors, April 21, 1994 
Federated Municipal Funds, November 20, 2006 
Fidelity Select Portfolio, April 29, 2008 
Fidelity Advisor Korea Fund, Inc, March 7, 2001 
Fidelity Funds, January 22, 2008


Fidelity Inflation-Protected Bond Fund (Omission of Shareholder Proposal), February 24, 2015
	   
Fidelity Magellan Fund, March 15, 2005 
Fidelity Management & Research Company et al., June 20, 2016 
Fidelity Select Portfolios, March 15, 2013 
Fiduciary/Claymore MLP Opportunity Fund, January 7, 2016 
Fiduciary Trust Global Fund, August 2, 1995 
Fifth Street Finance Corp., February 25, 2010 
Financial Services Board, April 24, 1996 
First American Funds, Inc. – Prime Obligation Fund, December 3, 2007 
The First Australia Fund, Inc., July 29, 1999 
First Call Corporation, September 6, 1995 
First Coastal Corporation, July 28, 1994 
First Data Corporation, January 13, 2004 
First Financial Fund, Inc., at al., June 5, 1997 
First Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company & Canada Life Insurance Company of New York, December 22, 2005 
First National Bank of Fremont, November 18, 1985 
First Trust Dividend and Income Fund, January 30, 2014 
First Trust, et al., June 26, 2013 
First Trust/Gallatin Specialty Finance and Financial Opportunities Fund, July 11, 2008 
Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.,  February 11, 2014 
Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, March 13, 2003 
Fixed Income Securities, L.P., April 29, 2004 
Five Arrows Short-Term Investment Trust, September 26, 1997 
Edward H. Fleischman, June 30, 1994 
Fortis Group, et al., January 27, 2009 
Founders Funds, Inc., August 4, 1992 
Foxby Corp., September 17, 2012 
France Growth Fund, Inc., April 6, 2001 
France Growth Fund, Inc., July 15, 2003 
 France Growth Fund, Inc.; Advantage Partners LP, April 6, 2001 
France Growth Fund, Inc.; Strome Hedgecap Fund, April 6, 2001 
Frank Russell Investment Company, et al., October 18, 2002 
Frank Russell Investment Management Company, August 30, 1993 
Franklin Limited Duration Income Trust, July 27, 2016 
Franklin Management, Inc., December 10, 1998 
Franklin Templeton Group of Funds, et al., May 21, 1999 
Franklin Templeton Group of Funds, July 23, 1997 
Franklin Templeton Investments, April 3, 2015 
Franklin Templeton Investments, June 19, 2009 
Franklin Templeton Investments, November 21, 2008 
Franklin Universal Trust, December 18, 2007 
Emanuel J. Friedman and EJF Capital LLC, January 16, 2007 
FQF Trust, et al., December 13, 2011 

The  Gabelli Convertible & Income Securities Fund, Inc., et al., April  18, 2014 
Gardner Russo & Gardner, June 7, 2006 
Gartmore Mutual Funds, March 19, 2004 
Gartmore Variable Insurance Trust, December 29, 2006 
GE Funding Capital Market Services, Inc., January 25, 2012 
GE Funds, February 7, 1997 
GE Institutional Funds, December 21, 2005 
GE Life and Annuity Assurance Company, June 25, 2004 
General Electric Capital Corporation, April 26, 2002 
General Electric Company, August 2, 2010 
General Electric Company, August 12, 2009 
General Motors Investment Management, February 20, 2000 
Adam W. Glass, July 20, 1994 
Glenwood Investment Corp., August 10, 1994 
Global Exempt Certificates of Ownership in NHA MBS Securities Inc., December 30, 1994 
GMO Trust, May 24, 2012 
Goldman, Sachs & Co., June 20, 2013 
Goldman, Sachs & Co., July 22, 2010 
Goldman, Sachs & Co., February 23, 2005 
Goldman, Sachs & Company, October 31, 2003 
Goldman, Sachs & Co., February 22 , 1999
	 
Goldman Sachs & Co., April 27, 1995 
Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P., March 13, 2007 
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., March 8, 2005 
Goldman Sachs Trust, August 19, 2008 
Goodwin, Procter & Hoar, October 5, 1998 
Goodwin, Procter & Hoar, February 28, 1997 
Government Securities Clearing Corporation, October 19, 2001 
Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company, November 16, 2016 
Dr. William Greene, Stern School of Business, February 3, 1997 
Greenwich Capital Acceptance Inc., August 8, 1991 
G.T. Global Growth Series et al., February 2, 1996 
Guggenheim Credit  Allocation Fund, April 5, 2017 
	
Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund, March 21, 2012 
Guggenheim Strategic Opportunities Fund, October  2, 2014 
GuideStone Financial, et al., December 27, 2006 
Gulf Coast Venture Forum, Inc., August 21, 2002 

H & Q Life Sciences Investors, February 4, 2011 
Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., September 29, 2016
   
Harris & Harris Group, Inc., April 3, 2015 
Maxine Harry, December 6, 1995 
The Hartford Mutual Funds, Inc. and Hartford Series Fund, Inc., August 3, 2009 
The Hartford Mutual Funds, Inc. and Hartford Series Fund, Inc., October 20, 2008 
Hatteras Alternative Mutual Funds Trust, et al., September 25, 2012 
Health Facility Credit Corp. , February 6, 1985 
H.E.B. Investment and Retirement Plan (H.E. Butt Grocery Company), May 18, 2001 
Heitman Capital Management, LLC, February 12, 2007 
The Herzfeld Caribbean Basin Fund, Inc., September 21, 2016 
JPMorgan Chase & Co., May 20, 2015 
Jonathon Hendricks, January 26, 2015 
Hewlett-Packard Finance Company, July 17, 1996 
Highbridge Statistical Market Neutral Fund, September 29, 2008 
Highbridge Statistical Market Neutral Fund, April 7, 2008 
HOLDRs, September 3, 1999 
Honeywell International Inc Savings Plan Trust, October 7, 2002 
Hongkong Securities Clearing Company Limited, July 13, 1995 
Horizon Asset Management, LLC, September 13, 1996 
HSBC Investor Funds, June 25, 2008 
HSBC Investor Funds, January 18, 2008 
W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.P., August 10, 1994 
Gary E. Hughes, American Council of Life Insurance, May 26, 1996 

The Ibero-America Fund, Inc., September 9, 2010 
ICE Clear Credit LLC, December 29, 2015 
ICE Clear Credit LLC, December 19, 2014 
ICE Clear Credit LLC, December 26, 2013 
ICE Clear Credit LLC, September 27, 2012 
ICE Clear Credit LLC, July 29, 2011 
ICE Trust U.S. LLC, March 1, 2011 
I.C.H. Corporation, February 26, 1997 
ICI Mutual Insurance Company, July 27, 1998 
ICI Mutual Insurance Company, February 28, 1994 
IDS Life Insurance Company, et al., December 14, 2006 
Independent Directors Council and Mutual Fund Directors Forum, November 2, 2010 
Indosuez Asset Management Asia Limited, February 14, 1997 
Industrial Alliance, Investment Management Inc., March 14, 2012 
ING Bank N.V., August 31, 2005 
ING Bank, N.V., July 8, 2002 
ING Bank N.V., et al., May 24, 1999 
ING Emerging Countries Fund, May 7, 2012 
lNG Investments, LLC, Directed Services LLC, and lNG Investment Management Co. LLC, March 27, 2013 
ING Funds Trust, ING Investors Trust, and ING Series Fund, Inc., October 22, 2008 
ING Life Insurance and Annuity Company, August 30, 2012 
ING Mutual Funds Management Co. LLC; ING Funds Distributors Inc. and Reich & Tang Distributors Inc., February 9, 2001 
ING Series Fund, Inc., et al, April 30, 2008 
Institutional Liquidity Trust, April 30, 2008 
Institutional Shareholder Services, Inc., September 15, 2004 
Integrated Resources, Inc., August 5, 1994 
Integrity Life Insurance Co., National Integrity Life Insurance Co., Western-Southern Life Assurance Co., Touchtone Securities, Inc., December 21, 2011 
Interbolsa, August 5, 1996 
InTouch Global, LLC, November 14, 1995 
Invesco Advisers, Inc., April 8, 2014 
INVESCO Funds Group, Inc., August 5, 1997 
Invesco Senior Income Trust, et al., January 25, 2017 
Investec Ernst & Company, April 24, 2001 
Investment Adviser Association, February 21, 2017 
Investment Adviser Association, April 25, 2016 
Investment Adviser Association, September 20, 2007 
Investment Adviser Association, December 2, 2005
	 
Investment Company Institute, September 5, 2012 
Investment Company Institute, September 12, 2011 
Investment Company Institute (Corrected), August 10, 2010 
Investment Company Institute, April 2, 2010 
Investment Company Institute, March 12, 2009 
Investment Company Institute, October 10, 2008 
Investment Company Institute, October 8, 2008 
Investment Company Institute, September 25, 2008 
Investment Company Institute, February 1, 2007 
Investment Company Institute, December 14, 2005 
Investment Company Institute, November 10, 2004 
Investment Company Institute, February 12, 2002 
Investment Company Institute, April 30, 2001 
Investment Company Institute, April 30, 2001 
Investment Company Institute, December 8, 1999 
Investment Company Institute, June 15, 1999 
Investment Company Institute, October 30, 1998 
Investment Company Institute, April 15, 1998 
Investment Company Institute, May 9, 1996 
Investment Company Institute, October 3, 1997 
Investment Company Institute, July 29, 1996 
Investment Company Institute, May 26, 1995 
Investment Company Institute, June 15, 1993 
Investment Company Institute, June 16, 1993 
Investment Company Institute, November 2, 1992 
 Investment Company  Institute, et al., November 16, 2015 
          
Investment Company Institute and the Global Custodians, February 19, 1998 
Investment Company Institute Designated NRSROs, August 19, 2010 
Investment Company Institute: Letter to the ICI Regarding Valuation Issues, April 2001 
Investment Company Registrant General Letter, February 15, 1996 
Investment Counsel Association of America, Inc., March 1, 2004 
Investment Funds Institute of Canada, February 6, 1996 
Iridian Asset Management LLC, April 14, 2009 
Ironwood Multi-Strategy Fund LLC and Ironwood Institutional Multi-Strategy Fund LLC (April 19, 2017) 
    
iShares Trust, et al., October 22, 2008 
ITT Hartford Mutual Funds, February 7, 1997 

JPMorgan Chase; Bear Stearns Asset Management I,, July 14, 2008 
JPMorgan Chase; Bear Stearns Asset Management II, March 16, 2008 
J.P. Morgan Investment Management, Inc., May 7, 1996 
JP Morgan Municipal Money Market Fund, April 15, 2014 
J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., October 22, 2008 
J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., October 8, 2003 
J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., October 31, 2003 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, April 14, 2016 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, January 9, 2013 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, July 11, 2011 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, June 29, 2011 
J.P. Morgan Structured Obligations Corporation, July 27, 1994 
J.P. Turner & Company, L.L.C., et al, September 10, 2012

 Jackson National Life (July 9, 2015)
     
James DeYoung, October 24, 2003 
Janus Adviser Series, August 28, 2000 
Janus Aspen Series, April 10, 2008 
Japan Securities Depository Center, August 31, 1993 
Jennison Associates LLC, July 6, 2000 
John Bowen Investment Management, May 13, 1997 
John Hancock Fund, Inc., June 25, 1996 
John Hancock Investors Trust and John Hancock Tax-Advantaged Global Shareholder Yield Fund, June 26, 2013 
John Hancock Trust, et al, April 12, 2012 
John W. Henry Co. Inc., September 20, 1996 
Juniper Capital L.P., June 23, 2003 

k1 Ventures, et. al., July 28, 2003 
Kake Tribal Corporation, May 25, 1994 
Karpus Management, Inc. Shareholder Proposal (Alliance Bernstein Income Fund, Inc.), February 18, 2015 
Kavilco, Inc., April 4, 1996 
KDSM, Inc. and Sinclair Capital, February 21, 1997 
Keene Corporation, June 2, 1993 
Stephen R. Kelly, July 28, 1994 
Kemper Money Market Funds, June 23, 1995 
Kemper Total Return Fund, February 6, 1995 
Kidder Peabody Investment Trust, May 14, 1993 
Kirkpatrick & Lockhart LLP, January 28, 2004 
Kohlberg Capital Corporation, March 12, 2009 
Korea Securities Depository Corporation, May 14, 1993 

Lamp Technologies, Inc., May 29, 1998 
Lamp Technologies, Inc., May 29, 1997 
Large Scale Distributed Generation II Statutory Trust, September 5, 2001 
Latham & Watkins, December 28, 1994 
Lazard Freres Asset Management, January 10, 1997 
Lazard Freres Asset Management, February 12, 1996 
Lazard Global Total Return and Income Fund, Inc. and Lazard World Dividend & Income Fund, Inc., February 15, 2011 
LCH.Clearnet Limited and LCH.Clearnet LLC, December 29, 2015 
LCH.Clearnet Limited and LCH.Clearnet LLC, December 19, 2014 
LCH.Clearnet Limited, September 27, 2012 
LCH Clearnet Limited, July 29, 2011 
LCH.Clearnet Limited, March 16, 2011 
LCH.Clearnet Limited and LCH.Clearnet LLC, December 26, 2013 
Lear Corporation Retirement Savings Plan Trusts, March 16, 2007 
Legg Mason Partners Institutional Trust, October 22, 2008 
Legg Mason Partners Institutional Trust, October 22, 2008 
Legg Mason Wood Walker, Inc., June 11, 2001 
Lehman Brothers, October 31, 2003 
Lehman Brothers Daily Income Fund, July 7, 1995 
Lehman Brothers Inc., March 8, 1994
     
Letter to Investment Company Registrants, February 3, 1995 
Letter to Investment Advisers, October 25, 1994 
Letter  to the Investment Company Institute Regarding Valuation Issues, April 2001
     
Letter Providing General Guidance to Insurance Companies Filing Post-Effective Amendments in Connection with the Offering of Variable Life and Variable Annuity Contracts, November 8, 1989 
Letter Providing General Guidance to Insurance Companies Filing Post-Effective Amendments in Connection with the Offering of Variable Life and Variable Annuity Contracts, January 24, 1989 
Liberty All-star Growth Fund, Inc., May 10, 2012 
Life Partners Position Holder Trust and Life Partners IRA Partnership, LLC, December 2, 2016 
Lincoln National Convertible Securities Fund, Inc. — Walter S. Baer, September 28, 2001 
Lincoln National Life Insurance & Lincoln Financial Advisors, January 30, 2003 
Lindbergh Funds, October 30, 2002 
Linn Energy, LLC, August 30, 2012 
Linsco/Private Ledger Corp., November 1, 1994 
Lionel D. Edie Capital Fund, Inc., April 15, 1975 
LNC Equity Sales Corporation, August 8, 1997 
Lockheed Martin Investment Management Company, June 6, 2006 
Longleaf Partners Funds Trust, April 9, 2001 
Long-Term Capital Management, L.P., April 28, 1994 

M.S.B. Fund, Inc., February 10, 1995 
M&G Investment Management Ltd., March 1, 2007 
Macedonian Stock Exchange, July 10, 1997 
Mackenzie Investment Managment et al., August 8, 2000 
Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc., June 1, 2017 
MACRO Securities Depositor, LLC, December 1, 2006 
Madison Asset Management, LLC, et al., June 30, 2009 
Mahaffy, Edward , March 6, 2003 
MainStay VP Cash Management Portfolio, October 22, 2008 
Main Street Capital Corporation, November 7, 2013 
Main Street Capital Corporation, June 20, 2011 
Malaysian Central
Depository Sdn. Bhd., May 19, 1993 
Managed Funds Association, February 6, 2014 
Managed Futures Association, July 11, 1996 
Man-Glenwood Lexington TEI, LLC and Man-Glenwood Lexington TEI, LDC, April 30, 2004 
Manufacturers Adviser Corp, September 10, 2002 
Manufacturers Life Insurance Company, The, December 27, 2001 
Market Vectors ETF Trust, et al., March 26, 2012 
The Mexico  Fund, Inc., December 31, 2013
         
Mr. Frank Mason, July 3, 1996 
Massachusetts Mutual Life, June 7, 2000 
Massachusetts Mutual Life, February 15, 1996 
Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, August 10, 1998 
MassMutual Institutional Funds, Inc., October 19, 1998 
MassMutual Institutional Funds, September 28, 1995 
Master Portfolio Trust, April 18, 2008 
Master Portfolio Trust, April 4, 2008 
Master Portfolio Trust — Liquid Reserves Portfolio, December 8, 2008 
Master Portfolio Trust — Liquid Reserves Portfolio and Legg Mason Partners Money Market Trust — Western Asset Money Market Fund, March 2, 2009 
Maxim Series Fund, Inc., et al., July 31, 2009 
Maxim Series Fund Inc., January 14, 2004 
Mayer Brown LLP, July 28, 2008 
McDermott, Will & Emery, July 26, 2007 
MCG Capital Corporation, September  27, 2013 
	 
M.D.C. Holdings, May 5, 1987 
MEAG  MUNICH ERGO., February 14, 2014
       
Medallion Financial Corp., May 11, 2004 
Mellon Equity Associates, LLP April 1, 2005 
Mercury Asset Management plc, April 16, 1993 
Mercy Investment Program, Inc., June 12, 2003 
Merrill Lynch Asset Management, April 28, 1997 
Merrill Lynch Capital Fund, Inc., February 7, 1978 
Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc., September 27, 2006 
Merrill Lynch Investment Managers, May 10, 2002 
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, October 31, 2003 
Richard L. Mertz, April 1, 1993 
Metropolitan Insurance and Annuity Company, June 6, 2003 
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, November 13, 1999 
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, April 26, 1995 
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, New England Mutual Life Insurance Company, and New England Variable Life Insurance Company, May 17, 1996 
Mexico Equity and Income Fund, The, November 15, 2001 
MGIC Mortgage Corp., August 1, 1974 
MGIC Mortgage Corp., October 6, 1972 
Mike Krichew, November 5, 1997 
Millennium Partners, L.P., et al, March 9, 2006 
Missouri Bankers Association, August 18, 2008 
Missouri Family Trust Fund, September 22, 1992 
Missouri Innovation Center, Inc., October 17, 1995 
MLC Limited, July 21, 1997 
ML-Lee Acquisition Fund II, L.P. and ML-Lee Acquisition Fund (Retirement Accounts) II, L.P, March 4, 2003 
Morgan Grenfell Investment Trust, September 13, 1996 
Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, November 17, 1995 
Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., July 24, 1992 
Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, November 17, 2005 
Morgan Stanley & Co., Inc., February 4, 2005 
Morgan Stanley Institutional Fund of Hedge Funds, October 7, 2011 
Morgan Stanley Institutional Liquidity Funds, October 22, 2008 
Morgan Stanley Money Market Funds, October 22, 2008 
Morgan Stanley Mortgage Securities Trust, July 9, 2013
	 
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, May 29, 2009 
Moscow Municipal Bank, April 8, 1998 
Mount Vernon Securities Lending Trust, August 3, 2009 
Mount Vernon Securities Lending Trust, January 8, 2009 
Mount Vernon Securities Lending Trust, October 24, 2008 
Mount Vernon Securities Lending Trust, October 22, 2008 
MPC Liquidating Trust, March 10, 1994 
MTB Group of Funds, October 21, 2003 
Munder Capital Management, May 17, 1996 
Munder Series Trust, June 23, 2008 
Municipal Fund for California Investors, Inc., July 12, 1995 
Municipality Finance Ltd., April 28, 1994 
MuniYield Insured Fund, Inc., March 11, 2002 
Murray Johnstone Holdings Limited; Murray Johnstone Limited; Murray Johnstone International Limited, July 21, 1994 
Mutual Fund Directors Forum, May 9, 2002 
Mutual Funds and Derivative Instruments, September 26, 1994 
Mutual of America Investment Corporation, June 2, 2006 
Mutual of America Life Insurance Company, June 17, 1993 
Mutual of Omaha Interest Shares, Inc., September 9, 1974 
Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company, November 27, 1998 
Mutual Series Fund Inc., November 7, 1995 

NAB Asset Corp., June 20, 1991 
National Association for Variable Annuities, June 4, 1996 
National Association for Variable Annunities; Insurance Marketplace Standards Assn; American Council of Life Insurers, June 19, 2001 
National Compliance Service, November 30, 2005 
National Football League Players Association, January 25, 2002 
National Securities Clearing Corp., May 24, 1996 
National Securities Depository Ltd., February 25, 1997 
Nationwide Life Insurance Company, March 16, 2001 
Nationwide Mutual Funds, et al., April 5, 2011 
Nebraska Higher Education Loan Program, April 3, 1998 
Nebraska  Higher Education Loan Program Inc., April 4,  1998
     
Neuberger Berman Investment Advisers LLC, September 28, 2016 
Neuberger Berman Management Inc., et al., April 30, 2003 
Neuberger & Berman Income Funds, February 27, 1998 
New America High Income Fund, Inc., July 29, 1993 
New Center Asset Trust, November 5, 1998 
New England Education Loan Marketing Corp, May 22, 1998 
New Mountain Finance Corporation, December 18, 2014 
New Mountain Finance Corporation, November 4, 2013
       
New Mountain Finance Corporation, April 27, 2011 
NexPoint Credit Strategies Fund, June 26, 2013 
NGP Capital Resources Company, (Corrected), December 28, 2007 
Nicholas-Applegate Mutual Funds, February 7, 1997 
Nicholas-Applegate Mutual Funds, August 6, 1996 
Norman F. Swanton Associates, September 12, 1973 
North American Division of Seventh-Day Adventists, October 6, 2015 
North American Security Trust, August 5, 1994 
North American Security Trust and NASL Series Trust, February 2, 1993 
Northern Institutional Fund, July 16, 2008 
Northern Institutional Funds, February 28, 2008 
Northern Institutional Funds — Diversified Assets Portfolio, Liquid Assets Portfolio and Prime Obligations Portfolio and Northern Funds — Money Market Fund, March 2, 2009 
Northern Lights Fund Trust, June 29 , 2015 
Northwestern Mutual Series Fund, Inc., October 22, 2008 
Northwestern Ohio Building and Construction Trades Foundation, April 20, 1984 
Norwest Bank Minnesota, N.A. and Society National Bank, May 25, 1995 
Norwest Funds — Municipal Money Market Fund, August 8, 1995 
Nottingham Realty Securities, April 19, 1984 
Nuveen, et al., June 26, 2013 
Nuveen Asset Management, Inc., et al., December 30, 2010 
Nuveen Credit Strategies Income Fund, et al., November 7, 2014 
Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC, June 20, 2017 
Nuveen Flagship Multistate Trust I, July 10, 1998 
Nuveen Investment Funds, February  13, 2014 
Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund, Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund 2, Nuveen Floating Rate Income Opportunity Fund, Nuveen Senior Income Fund, Nuveen Floating Rate Income Fund, and Nuveen Municipal Value Fund, Inc., November 9, 2010 
Nuveen Virginia Premium Income Municipal Fund, October 6, 2006 

Old Dominion Electric Cooperative, et al., October 13, 2004 
Old Mutual Advisors Funds, November 16, 2007 
Omgeo LLC, August 14, 2009 
Omission of Shareholder Proposal (Fidelity Freedom 2020 Fund, Fidelity Freedom 2025 Fund, and Fidelity Advisor Municipal Income Fund), August 12, 2015 
Omission of Shareholder Proposal Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 for H&Q Life Sciences Investors, March 24, 2011 
Omission of Shareholder Proposal Submitted by Steven N. Harris (Liberty All-Star Equity Fund), May 6, 2015 
The One Group, May 23, 1995 
One Point Communications Corp, June 12, 1998 
Oppenheimer Landmrk Properties, March 9, 1993 
Opportunity Partners L.P. Shareholder Proposal (Clough Global Equity Fund), April 16, 2015 
Owens-Illinois, Inc., June 24, 1994 

Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc., January 18, 2013 
Pacific Select Fund, et al., December 23, 2004 
PaineWebber Equity Trusts, July 19, 1993 
PaineWebber Incorporated, January 27, 1995 
PaineWebber Managed Investments Trust, August 4, 1994 
PanAgora Group Trust, April 29, 1994 
David Parkinson, October 19, 1995 
Pasadena Investment Trust, January 22, 1993 
Pengrowth Energy Trust, January 27, 2000 
Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation Company, October 15, 2003 
Penn Series Funds Inc., October 22, 2008 
Penn Series Funds Inc., October 22, 2008 
PerfectData Corporation, August 5, 1996 
Pershing Division of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp., September 15, 1994 
Philadelphia Stock
Exchange, Inc., October 18, 1994 
Philadelphia Ventures Liberty Fund, L.P., February 14, 1995 
Phoenix Opportunities Trust, October 22, 2008 
PIMCO Funds: Multi-Manager Series, August 6, 2002 
PIMCO Funds, July 9, 2002 
Pioneer Funds, December 20, 2005 
Pioneer Interest Shares, June 20, 2001 
Plymouth Commercial Mortgage Fund, July 13, 1998 
Plymouth Commercial Mortgage Fund, December 3, 1996 
PNC Bank N.A., June 10, 1997 
PNC Fund, et al., April 2, 1993 
Pretzel & Stouffer, December 1, 1995 
Principal Funds, Inc. and Principal Variable Contracts Funds, Inc., October 22, 2008 
Principal Investors Fund Inc., May 13, 2005 
Principle Preservation Portfolios, Inc., December 6, 1995 
Prudential Financial, Inc., September 5, 2008 
Prudential Insurance Company of America, March 1, 2005 
Prudential Investment Management Services LLC, April 19, 2001 
Prudential Securities Incorporated, February 7, 2001 
Public Employees' Retirement Board of the State of Oregon, March 3, 1998 
Puerto Rico Balanced Fund, Inc., April 29, 1997 
Putnam High Income Securities Fund, March 14, 2006 
Putnam Premier Income Trust, March 14, 2006 
Putnam Tax-Free Health Care Fund, August 8, 2005 

Queensland Treasury Corporation, September 26, 1995 

K. K. Rajendran, November 21, 1997 
Ramius Capital Management, LLC, April 5, 1996 
RBC Capital Markets Corporation, June 10, 2009 
RBS  Securities, Inc., November 26, 2013


RealEnergy, Inc., et al., August 12, 2003 
Realex Capital Corporation, April 19, 1984 
Real Goods Trading Corporation, June 24, 1996 
Red Rocks Capital, LLC, June 3, 2011 
Redwood Investment Fund, LLC, October 14, 1997 
ReFlow Fund, LLC, July 15, 2002 
Registered  Investment Company Use of Senior Securities - Select Bibliography,  February 12, 2013 (Last Modified)
	   
Regions Morgan Keegan Funds, March 30, 2009 
Reserve Bank of Australia, January 30, 1998 
Reserve Bank of New Zealand, May 24, 1993 
Reserve New York Municipal Money-Market Trust — New York Municipal Money-Market Fund, November 18, 2008 
RDM Infodustries, Inc., March 25, 1996 
Request for Consideration of the Steve Tamari Shareholder Proposal (College Retirement Equities Fund), May 23, 2013 
Richard Ellis, Inc., March 19, 1981 
RidgeWorth Funds, October 22, 2008 
The Riverfront Funds, Inc., November 8, 1995 
RiverNorth, July 28, 2014 
Robert Van Grover, Esq., Seward & Kissel LLP, October 4, 2016 
Robert Van Grover, Esq., Seward & Kissel LLP, November 5, 2013 
Robertson, Stephens & Company, January 12, 1993 
R.O.C. Taiwan Fund, February 11, 2000 
Rowe Price-Fleming International Inc., April 12, 1996 
Royal Bank of Canada, December  19, 2014 
Royal Bank of Canada, et al., June 3, 1998 
Royal Dutch Shell plc, August 7, 2015 
Royal Dutch Shell plc, May 17, 2005 
Royalty Pharma, August 13, 2010 
The Royce Fund, January 24, 1995 
RS Global Natural Resources Fund, March 6, 2014 
Russell Investment Company, October 24, 2008 
Russell Investment Company, October 20, 2008 
Russell Investment Management, LLC, December 16, 2016 
Russia Growth Fund, Inc., May 20, 1997 
Louis Russo, June 16, 1994 

Safra Republic Holdings, April 21, 1998 
Salomon Brothers Asset Management Inc and Salomon Brothers Asset Management Asia Pacific Limited, July 23, 1999 
Salomon Brothers Inc., April 25, 1995 
Salomon Brothers, Inc., June 17, 1985 
Salomon Brothers, April 4, 1975 
Salomon Brothers, May 23, 1972 
SCP Private Equity Partners II, L.P., June 6, 2006 
Scudder Investment Trust, March 23, 1994 
Securities Lending by U.S. Open-End and Closed-End  Investment Companies, November 6, 2012
       
Sedgwick Consulting Group, May 17, 1993 
SEI Daily Income Trust ? Prime Obligation Fund, April 20, 2009 
SEI Daily Income Trust — Prime Obligation Fund, November 18, 2008 
SEI Daily Income Trust – Prime Obligation Fund, February 29, 2008 
SEI Daily Income Trust — Money Market Fund, November 9, 2007 
SEI Daily Income Trust — Prime Obligation Fund, November 8, 2007 
SEI Liquid Asset Trust ? Prime Obligation Fund, April 20, 2009 
SEI Liquid Asset Trust — Prime Obligation Fund, March 2, 2009 
SEI Liquid Asset Trust Prime Obligation Fund, December 3, 2007 
Select Sector SPDR Fund and Diamonds Trust, July 6, 2000 
Select Sector SPDR Trust, May 6, 1999 
Seligman New Technologies Fund II, Inc., February 7, 2002 
Service Corporation International, October 6, 1998 
Seward & Kissel LLP, July 21, 2011 
Seward & Kissell, October 12, 2010 
Seward & Kissel LLP, April 15, 2009 
Seward & Kissel, October 12, 2005 
Sandra M. Fox Shareholder Proposal (College Retirement Equities Fund), May 10, 2013 
Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. and Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Co. Incorporated, June 8, 1993 
Shee Atika Investments, LLC, January 20, 2004 
Shoreline Fund, L.P., November 14, 1994 
Shoreline Fund, L.P., April 11, 1994 
SIFE Trust Fund, January 18, 1982 
Signature Financial Group, Inc., December 28, 1999 
Sisters of Mercy of the Americas, Inc., October 1, 2009 
SMC Capital, Inc., September 5, 1995 
Russell H. Smith, May 2, 1996 
Societatea Nationala de Compensare, January 28, 1998 
The South America Fund N.V., September 2, 1993 
SSGA International Liquidity Fund, December 2, 1998 
Staff Responses to Questions About Regulation S-P, January 23, 2003 
Standard Shares, Inc., July 29, 1974 
State Street Bank & Trust, August 1, 1996 
State Street Bank & Trust Company, February 28, 1995 
State Street Bank and Trust Company, May 22, 1972 
State Street Bank and Trust Company, December 27, 1971 
The State Street Mortgage Co., November 18, 1986 
Sacha Stawski, August 9, 1996


SPDR Series Trust, et al., (June 24 , 2015)
         
SPDR S&P Dividend ETF, March 28, 2016 
The Standish Ayer & Wood Inc. Stable Value Group Trust, December 28, 1995 
Stephanie Hibler, January 24, 2014
         
Stephens Inc., December 27, 2001 
Steve Tamari Shareholder Proposal (College Retirement Equities Fund), May 10, 2013 
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc., December 6, 2016 
STI Classic Funds, January 2, 2008 
STI Classic Funds, October 26, 2007 
Stock Exchange of
Thailand, August 26, 1993 
Stock Holding Corporation of Indian Ltd., January 21, 1998 
R. Bryan Stoker, May 13, 1994 
Straight-A Funding, LLC, July 28, 2009 
Sullivan and Cromwell, December 29, 1997 
Summit Advisors, Inc., March 1, 1994 
Sun Capital Advisers Trust, October 20, 2008 
Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.) and Keyport Life Insurance Company, December 19, 2003 
Sun Life Insurance and Annuity Company of New York, et al., December 20, 2002 
Swiss Helvetia Fund, April 6, 2017 
The Swiss Helvetia Fund, Inc., May 5, 2010 
Swiss Helvetia Fund, Inc., March 6, 2001 

TACT Asset Management Inc., October 24, 2012 
Tamarack Funds Trust, October 22, 2008 
Michael Tannenbaum, January 5, 1993 
The TCW Group, Inc., November 7, 2008 
TDAM Money Market Portfolio, December 21, 2007 
Templeton Russia
Fund, Inc., April 18, 1995 
Templeton Vietnam and Southeast Asia Fund, September 28, 2001 
Templeton Vietnam Opportunities Fund, Inc., September 6, 1996 
Thomas Weisel Partners LLC, September 24, 2004 
Thomson Advisory Group L.P., September 26, 1995 
Thomson Financial Inc., July 10, 2002 
Thomson Fund Group, et al., January 28, 1993 
Thrivent Financial for Lutherans and Thrivent Asset Management, LLC, September 27, 2016 
TIAA Real Estate Account, May 1, 1996 
Tom DeWard Shareholder Proposal (LMP Real Estate Income Fund, Inc.), March 25, 2015 
Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corporation and Tortoise Energy Capital Corporation, April 23, 2010 
Total, January 26, 1996 
Touchstone Variable Series Trust, October 22, 2008 
The Townsend Group, Inc., July 9, 2008 
Townsend and Associates, Inc., September 21, 1994 
Trainer, Wortham & Co. Froley, Revy Investment Co. Starbuck, Tisdale & Assoc., December 6, 2004 
Transamerica Series, Inc., November 7, 1994 
Transamerica Series, Inc., November 7, 1994 
Travelers Insurance Company et al., September 3, 1993 
Tri-Continental Corporation, March 25, 2003 
Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc., et. al., September 23, 2003 
T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., October 8, 2009 
T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., July 10, 2008 
The T. Rowe Price Funds, July 31, 1995 
T. Rowe Price Tax-Free Funds, June 24, 1993 
Trusts under the Will of Marion Searle, March 29, 2005 
TS&W/Claymore Tax-Advantaged Balanced Fund, April 27, 2009 
Tudor Employee Investment Fund LLC and Tudor Investment Corporation, April 28, 2015 
Tuition Plan Consortium, LLP, February 4, 2003 
Twentieth Century Mutual Funds, July 7, 1995 
Twentieth Century Investors, Inc., October 27, 1982 

UAM Inc., September 24, 2001 
UBS AG, May 20, 2015 
UBS AG, July 29, 2009 
UBS AG, March 20, 2009 
UBS Financial Services Inc., May 9, 2011 
UBS Financial Services, Inc., September 29, 2005 
UBS Securities LLC (f/k/a UBS Warburg LLC), October 31, 2003 
UBS Securities LLC/UBS Financial Services Inc., December 23, 2008 
USB Global Asset Management (US), Inc., November 21, 2002 
Uniao de Bancos de Brasileiros S.A., July 28, 1992 
United Bankers , March 23, 1988 
United Missouri Bank of Kansas City, January 23, 1995 
United Municipal Bond Fund, January 27, 1995 
United Services Funds, April 23, 1993 
United States & Foreign Securities Corporation, October 27, 1982 
United States Property Investment N.V., May 1, 1989 
Unit Investment Trust Organizational Expenses, May 9, 1995 
University of Alaska Advance College Tuition Payment, March 2, 1992 
Urban Land Investments, November 4, 1971 
USAA Mutual Funds Trust, October 22, 2008 
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray Inc., October 31, 2003 
U.S. Bancorp Asset Management Inc., et al., December 11, 2001 
U.S. Department of Labor, February 22, 1996 
U.S. Government Reserves and Fidelity Cash Reserves, April 27, 2009
	 
Valuation of  Portfolio Securities and other Assets Held by Registered Investment Companies -  Select Bibliography of the Division of Investment Management, March 20,  2009
	 

Vanguard Group, Inc., May 22, 2009 
Van Kampen Funds Inc., January 31, 2007 
Venture Search Technology Inc., July 11, 1995 
The Victory Funds and The Victory Portfolios, April 24, 1995 
Victory Institutional Money Market Fund, Victory Financial Reserves Fund, and Victory Prime Obligations Fund, August 3, 2009 
Victory Institutional Money Market Fund, Victory Financial Reserves Fund, and Victory Prime Obligations Funds, August 1, 2008 
Victory Stock Index Fund, February 7, 1995 

Wachovia Securities LLC, February 18, 2009 
Wall Street Preferred Money Managers, Inc., April 10, 1992 
Warsaw Stock Exchange, October 20, 1994 
Washington Capital Joint Master Trust, September 25, 2006 
Washington Mutual Investors Fund, Inc., May 14, 1993 
James R. Waters, June 1, 1995 
Wells Fargo Alternative Asset Management, LLC, January 26, 2005 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., July 15, 2013 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., September 21, 2012 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., December 12, 2011 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., March 31, 1998 
Wells Fargo Funds Trust – Prime Money Market Fund and Heritage Money Market Fund, February 13, 2008 
Wells Fargo Money Market Funds, July 7, 1995 
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe, June 18, 1993 
Westford Technology Ventures, L.P., January 28, 2004 
Western Asset Money Market
Fund, June 27, 2008 
Western Asset Institutional Money Market
Fund, June 27, 2008 
Western Farmers Electric Cooperative, February 23, 2001 
Willkie Farr & Gallagher, September 21, 2015 
Willkie Farr & Gallagher, October 23, 2000 
Wilkie Farr & Gallagher, June 11, 1996 
Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering and Davis Polk & Wardell, October 5, 1998 
WilmerHale, LLP, July 28, 2010 
Windamere Capital Ventures, L.P., Windamere Capital Ventures Company, LLC, July 23, 2001 
World Financial Network National Bank, May 28, 1996 
Xplornet Communications Inc., January 11, 2012 
Zenkyoren Asset Management of America Inc., June 30, 2011 
Gerald Zuckerman, February 1, 1994 
Alfred A. Zurl, August 7, 1995




Chronological List of No-Action Letters



Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC, June 20, 2017 
Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc., June 1, 2017 
Ironwood Multi-Strategy Fund LLC and Ironwood Institutional Multi-Strategy Fund LLC, April 19, 2017
           
    
Swiss Helvetia Fund, April 6, 2017 
Guggenheim Credit  Allocation Fund, April 5, 2017 
	
Dechert LLP, March 8, 2017 
Investment Adviser Association, February 21, 2017 
Invesco Senior Income Trust, et al., January 25, 2017 
Dechert, January 25, 2017 
Capital Group, January 11, 2017 

American Century Investment Management, Inc., December 20, 2016 
Russell Investment Management, LLC, December 16, 2016 
Life Partners Position Holder Trust and Life Partners IRA Partnership, LLC, December 2, 2016 
CenturyLink Investment Management Company, December 8, 2016 
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc., December 6, 2016 
Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company, November 16, 2016 
Robert Van Grover, Esq., Seward & Kissel LLP, October 4, 2016 
Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., September 29, 2016
   
Neuberger Berman Investment Advisers LLC, September 28, 2016 
Thrivent Financial for Lutherans and Thrivent Asset Management, LLC, September 27, 2016 
The Herzfeld Caribbean Basin Fund, Inc., September 21, 2016 
Depository Trust Company of Delaware, LLC dba Delaware Depository, September 12, 2016 
AFL-CIO Housing Investment Trust, Aug. 5, 2016 
Franklin Limited Duration Income Trust, July 27, 2016 
Deutsche Multi-Market Income Trust (Omission of Shareholder Proposal), June 24, 2016 
Deutsche Strategic Income Trust (Omission of Shareholder Proposal), June 24, 2016 
Fidelity Management & Research Company et al., June 20, 2016 
Investment Adviser Association, April 25, 2016 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, April 14, 2016 
SPDR S&P Dividend ETF, March 28, 2016 
BlackRock Health Sciences Trust, February 25, 2016 
Fiduciary/Claymore MLP Opportunity Fund, January 7, 2016 

Chicago Mercantile Exchange, December 29, 2015 
ICE Clear Credit LLC, December 29, 2015 
LCH.Clearnet Limited and LCH.Clearnet LLC, December 29, 2015 
 Investment Company  Institute, et al., November 16, 2015 

BlackRock Limited Duration Trust, et al. , October 19, 2015 
North American Division of Seventh-Day Adventists, October 6, 2015 
F. Porter Stansberry, September 30, 2015 
Willkie Farr & Gallagher, September 21, 2015 
Omission of Shareholder Proposal (Fidelity Freedom 2020 Fund, Fidelity Freedom 2025 Fund, and Fidelity Advisor Municipal Income Fund), August 12, 2015 
Royal Dutch Shell plc, August 7, 2015 
Carey Credit Income Fund et al,. July 15, 2015
Jackson National Life, July 9, 2015
Northern Lights Fund Trust, June 29 , 2015
SPDR Series Trust, et al., June 24 , 2015
UBS AG, May 20, 2015 
JPMorgan Chase & Co., May 20, 2015 
Omission of Shareholder Proposal Submitted by Steven N. Harris (Liberty All-Star Equity Fund), May 6, 2015 
Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc., April 30, 2015 
Tudor Employee Investment Fund LLC and Tudor Investment Corporation, April 28, 2015 
Opportunity Partners L.P. Shareholder Proposal (Clough Global Equity Fund), April 16, 2015 
Franklin Templeton Investments, April 3, 2015 
Harris & Harris Group, Inc., April 3, 2015 
Tom DeWard Shareholder Proposal (LMP Real Estate Income Fund, Inc.), March 25, 2015 
16th Amendment Advisors LLC, March 23, 2015 
Fidelity Inflation-Protected Bond Fund (Omission of Shareholder Proposal), February 24, 2015
    	   
Karpus Management, Inc. Shareholder Proposal (Alliance Bernstein Income Fund, Inc.), February 18, 2015 
American Retirement Association, February 18, 2015 
Jonathon Hendricks, January 26, 2015 

Royal Bank of Canada, December  19, 2014 
LCH.Clearnet Limited and LCH.Clearnet LLC, December 19, 2014 
ICE Clear Credit LLC, December 19, 2014 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, December 19, 2014 
New Mountain Finance Corporation, December 18, 2014 
Bank of America, N.A., November  25, 2014 
Nuveen Credit Strategies Income Fund, et al., November 7, 2014 
Ellsworth Fund Ltd, November 6, 2014 
Guggenheim Strategic Opportunities Fund, October  2, 2014 
Amerivest Investment Management, LLC, August 19, 2014 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc., August 6, 2014 
RiverNorth, July 28, 2014 
Credit Suisse, May  20, 2014
 
The  Gabelli Convertible & Income Securities Fund, Inc., et al., April  18, 2014 
JP Morgan Municipal Money Market Fund, April 15, 2014 
Invesco Advisers, Inc., April 8, 2014 
RS Global Natural Resources Fund, March 6, 2014 
MEAG  MUNICH ERGO., February 14, 2014
       
Nuveen Investment Funds, February  13, 2014
  		     
The Brink’s Company, February  11, 2014 
Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.,  February 11, 2014 
Managed Funds Association, February 6, 2014 
First Trust Dividend and Income Fund, January 30, 2014 
Stephanie Hibler, January 24, 2014 

The Mexico  Fund, Inc., December 31, 2013
	   
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, December 26, 2013 
ICE Clear Credit LLC, December 26, 2013 
LCH.Clearnet Limited and LCH.Clearnet LLC, December 26, 2013 
RBS  Securities, Inc., November 26, 2013


ABA  Retirement Funds, November 25, 2013


Main Street Capital Corporation, November 7, 2013 
Robert Van Grover, Esq., Seward & Kissel LLP, November 5, 2013 
New Mountain Finance Corporation, November 4, 2013
       
MCG  Capital Corporation, September  27, 2013 
	 
Copley Fund, Inc., August 2, 2013 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., July 15, 2013 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, July 10, 2013 
BlackRock Multi-Sector Income Trust, July 9, 2013
	 
Morgan Stanley Mortgage Securities Trust, July 9, 2013
	 
Aberdeen
Asia-Pacific Income Fund, Inc., June 26, 2013 
Credit Suisse High Yield Bond Fund and Credit Suisse Asset Management Income Fund, Inc., June 26, 2013 
Eaton Vance, et al., June 26, 2013 
First Trust, et al., June 26, 2013 
John Hancock Investors Trust and John Hancock Tax-Advantaged Global Shareholder Yield Fund, June 26, 2013 
NexPoint Credit Strategies Fund, June 26, 2013 
Nuveen, et al., June 26, 2013 
Goldman, Sachs & Co., June 20, 2013 
Copley Fund, Inc., June 18, 2013 
Request for Consideration of the Steve Tamari Shareholder Proposal (College Retirement Equities Fund), May 23, 2013 
Sandra M. Fox Shareholder Proposal (College Retirement Equities Fund), May 10, 2013 
Steve Tamari Shareholder Proposal (College Retirement Equities Fund), May 10, 2013 
Copley Fund, Inc., April 5, 2013 
lNG Investments, LLC, Directed Services LLC, and lNG Investment Management Co. LLC, March 27, 2013 
Fidelity Select Portfolios, March 15, 2013 
Emerging Global Advisors, LLC and EGA Emerging Global Shares Trust, February 27, 2013 
Registered  Investment Company Use of Senior Securities - Select Bibliography,  February 12, 2013 (Last Modified)
	   
Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc., January 18, 2013 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, January 9, 2013 

Derivatives Use by Actively-Managed ETFs, December 6, 2012 
Securities Lending by U.S. Open-End and Closed-End  Investment Companies, November 6, 2012
	   
TACT Asset Management Inc., October 24, 2012 
Erste Abwicklungsanstalt, October 10, 2012 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, September 27, 2012 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, September 27, 2012 
ICE Clear Credit LLC, September 27, 2012 
LCH.Clearnet Limited, September 27, 2012 
Hatteras Alternative Mutual Funds Trust, et al., September 25, 2012 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., September 21, 2012 
Foxby Corp., September 17, 2012 
J.P. Turner & Company, L.L.C., et al, September 10, 2012 
Investment Company Institute, September 5, 2012 
ING Life Insurance and Annuity Company, August 30, 2012 
Linn Energy, LLC, August 30, 2012 
Allianz of America,  Inc., May 25, 2012 
GMO Trust, May 24, 2012 
Liberty All-star Growth Fund, Inc., May 10, 2012 
ING Emerging Countries Fund, May 7, 2012 
Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund, Inc., Aberdeen Chile Fund, Inc. and Aberdeen Global Income Fund, Inc., April 12, 2012 
John Hancock Trust, et al, April 12, 2012 
Peter Adamson III, April 3, 2012 
Market Vectors ETF Trust, et al., March 26, 2012 
Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund, March 21, 2012 
Industrial Alliance, Investment Management Inc., March 14, 2012 
American Century Investment Management, Inc., February 2, 2012 
GE Funding Capital Market Services, Inc., January 25, 2012 
American Bar Association, Business Law Section, January 18, 2012 
Xplornet Communications Inc., January 11, 2012 

Integrity Life Insurance Co., National Integrity Life Insurance Co., Western-Southern Life Assurance Co., Touchtone Securities, Inc., December 21, 2011 
FQF Trust, et al., December 13, 2011 
Columbia Funds, December 12, 2011 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., December 12, 2011 
Department of Labor, October 26, 2011 
Morgan Stanley Institutional Fund of Hedge Funds, October 7, 2011 
Investment Company Institute, September 12, 2011 
LCH Clearnet Limited, July 29, 2011 
ICE Clear Credit LLC, July 29, 2011 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, July 29, 2011 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, July 29, 2011 
Seward & Kissel LLP, July 21, 2011 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, July 11, 2011 
Zenkyoren Asset Management of America Inc., June 30, 2011 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, June 29, 2011 
Main Street Capital Corporation, June 20, 2011 
Red Rocks Capital, LLC, June 3, 2011 
BAC Home Loans Servicing, LP (formerly Countrywide Home Loans Servicing LP), June 2, 2011 
UBS Financial Services Inc., May 9, 2011 
College Retirement Equities Fund ("Fund") Shareholder Proposal of Aaron Levitt, May 6, 2011 
Bank of America Corporation and Affiliates ("BAC"), April 29, 2011 
New Mountain Finance Corporation, April 27, 2011 
Deutsche Bank Microcredit Development Fund, Inc., April 8, 2011 
Nationwide Mutual Funds, et al., April 5, 2011 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, March 24, 2011 
Omission of Shareholder Proposal Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 for H&Q Life Sciences Investors, March 24, 2011 
LCH.Clearnet Limited, March 16, 2011 
ICE Trust U.S. LLC, March 1, 2011 
Lazard Global Total Return and Income Fund, Inc. and Lazard World Dividend & Income Fund, Inc., February 15, 2011 
Calamos Convertible Opportunities and Income Fund, Calamos Convertible and High Income Fund, and Calamos Global Total Return Fund, February 14, 2011 
H & Q Life Sciences Investors, February 4, 2011 
Adams Express Company, January 26, 2011 

Nuveen Asset Management, Inc., et al., December 30, 2010 
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, December 23, 2010 
CME Group, Inc., December 3, 2010 
Boulder Total Return Fund, Inc., November 15, 2010 
Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund, Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund 2, Nuveen Floating Rate Income Opportunity Fund, Nuveen Senior Income Fund, Nuveen Floating Rate Income Fund, and Nuveen Municipal Value Fund, Inc., November 9, 2010 
Independent Directors Council and Mutual Fund Directors Forum, November 2, 2010 
Citigroup Inc., October 22, 2010 
Seward & Kissell, October 12, 2010 
BNY ConvergEx Group, September 21, 2010 
The Ibero-America Fund, Inc., September 9, 2010 
Investment Company Institute Designated NRSROs, August 19, 2010 
Royalty Pharma, August 13, 2010 
Investment Company Institute (Corrected), August 10, 2010 
General Electric Company, August 2, 2010 
WilmerHale, LLP, July 28, 2010 
Energy Income and Growth Fund and First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund, July 27, 2010 
ASA Limited, July 23, 2010 
Goldman, Sachs & Co., July 22, 2010 
CME Group, Inc., July 16, 2010 
ABA Retirement Funds Program, June 7, 2010 
Accor Services, June 7, 2010 
The Swiss Helvetia Fund, Inc., May 5, 2010 
Claymore Advisors, LLC, April 27, 2010 
Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corporation and Tortoise Energy Capital Corporation, April 23, 2010 
Investment Company Institute, April 2, 2010 
Boulder Growth and Income Fund, Inc., March 5, 2010 
Boulder Total Return Fund, Inc., March 5, 2010 
Fifth Street Finance Corp., February 25, 2010 

T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., October 8, 2009 
Sisters of Mercy of the Americas, Inc., October 1, 2009 
Emeriti Consortium for Retirement Health Solutions, September 3, 2009 
Dechert LLP, August 24, 2009 
Omgeo LLC, August 14, 2009 
General Electric Company, August 12, 2009 
Allianz Funds, August 3, 2009 
The Hartford Mutual Funds, Inc. and Hartford Series Fund, Inc., August 3, 2009 
Mount Vernon Securities Lending Trust, August 3, 2009 
Victory Institutional Money Market Fund, Victory Financial Reserves Fund, and Victory Prime Obligations Fund, August 3, 2009 
Maxim Series Fund, Inc., et al., July 31, 2009 
UBS AG, July 29, 2009 
Straight-A Funding, LLC, July 28, 2009 
American Capital, Ltd, June 30, 2009 
Madison Asset Management, LLC, et al., June 30, 2009 
Franklin Templeton Investments, June 19, 2009 
Banc of America Securities LLC, June 10, 2009 
RBC Capital Markets Corporation, June 10, 2009 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., June 9, 2009 
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, May 29, 2009 
Citigroup Global Markets, Inc, May 28, 2009 
Vanguard Group, Inc., May 22, 2009 
Berthel Growth & Income
Trust I, May 5, 2009 
TS&W/Claymore Tax-Advantaged Balanced Fund, April 27, 2009 
U.S. Government Reserves and Fidelity Cash Reserves, April 27, 2009 
SEI Daily Income Trust ? Prime Obligation Fund, April 20, 2009 
SEI Liquid Asset Trust ? Prime Obligation Fund, April 20, 2009 
Seward & Kissel LLP, April 15, 2009 
Iridian Asset Management LLC, April 14, 2009 
College Retirement Equities Fund (CREF), April 13, 2009 
Bank of Ireland Asset Management (U.S.) Ltd., April 2, 2009 
Regions Morgan Keegan Funds, March 30, 2009 
UBS AG, March 20, 2009
	 
Valuation of  Portfolio Securities and other Assets Held by Registered Investment Companies -  Select Bibliography of the Division of Investment Management, March 20,  2009


Automated Trading Desk Specialists, LLC, March 13, 2009 
Barclays Global Fund Advisors et al., March 12, 2009 
E*Trade Capital Markets LLC, March 12, 2009 
Investment Company Institute, March 12, 2009 
Kohlberg Capital Corporation, March 12, 2009 
Columbia Funds Series Trust — Columbia Cash Reserves, March 2, 2009 
Columbia Funds Series Trust — Columbia Money Market Reserves, March 2, 2009 
Master Portfolio Trust — Liquid Reserves Portfolio and Legg Mason Partners Money Market Trust — Western Asset Money Market Fund, March 2, 2009 
Northern Institutional Funds — Diversified Assets Portfolio, Liquid Assets Portfolio and Prime Obligations Portfolio and Northern Funds — Money Market Fund, March 2, 2009 
SEI Liquid Asset Trust — Prime Obligation Fund, March 2, 2009 
AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company, February 27, 2009 
Wachovia Securities LLC, February 18, 2009 
American Capital, Ltd., February 5, 2009 
Capital Trust, Inc., February 3, 2009 
Fortis Group, et al., January 27, 2009 
Mount Vernon Securities Lending Trust, January 8, 2009 
Auction Rate Securities, January 6, 2009 

Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., December 23, 2008 
Columbia Funds, et al., December 23, 2008 
UBS Securities LLC/UBS Financial Services Inc., December 23, 2008 
Master Portfolio Trust — Liquid Reserves Portfolio, December 8, 2008 
BNY Mellon Funds Trust, December 2, 2008 
Franklin Templeton Investments, November 21, 2008 
Reserve New York Municipal Money-Market Trust — New York Municipal Money-Market Fund, November 18, 2008 
SEI Daily Income Trust — Prime Obligation Fund, November 18, 2008 
The TCW Group, Inc., November 7, 2008 
BlackRock Advisers LLC and Affiliates, November 4, 2008 
Mount Vernon Securities Lending Trust, October 24, 2008 
Russell Investment Company, October 24, 2008 
Columbia Funds Series Trust, October 22, 2008 
ING Funds Trust, ING Investors Trust, and ING Series Fund, Inc., October 22, 2008 
iShares Trust, et al., October 22, 2008 
 J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., October 22, 2008 
Legg Mason Partners Institutional Trust, October 22, 2008 
Legg Mason Partners Institutional Trust, October 22, 2008 
MainStay VP Cash Management Portfolio, October 22, 2008 
Morgan Stanley Institutional Liquidity Funds, October 22, 2008 
Morgan Stanley Money Market Funds, October 22, 2008 
Mount Vernon Securities Lending Trust, October 22, 2008 
Northwestern Mutual Series Fund, Inc., October 22, 2008 
Penn Series Funds Inc., October 22, 2008 
Penn Series Funds Inc., October 22, 2008 
Phoenix Opportunities Trust, October 22, 2008 
Principal Funds, Inc. and Principal Variable Contracts Funds, Inc., October 22, 2008 
RidgeWorth Funds, October 22, 2008 
Tamarack Funds Trust, October 22, 2008 
Touchstone Variable Series Trust, October 22, 2008 
USAA Mutual Funds Trust, October 22, 2008 
Advantus Series Fund, October 20, 2008 
Dreyfus Cash Management Plus, October 20, 2008 
Dreyfus Money Funds, October 20, 2008 
Dreyfus Money Funds, October 20, 2008 
The Hartford Mutual Funds, Inc. and Hartford Series Fund, Inc., October 20, 2008 
Russell Investment Company, October 20, 2008 
Sun Capital Advisers Trust, October 20, 2008 
Investment Company Institute, October 10, 2008 
Investment Company Institute, October 8, 2008 
Highbridge Statistical Market Neutral Fund, September 29, 2008 
Dreyfus Cash Management, et al., September 25, 2008 
Investment Company Institute, September 25, 2008 
Auction Rate Securities — Global Exemptive Relief, September 22, 2008 
Barclays Capital Inc., September 19, 2008 
Prudential Financial, Inc., September 5, 2008 
Goldman Sachs Trust, August 19, 2008 
Missouri Bankers Association, August 18, 2008 
Victory Institutional Money Market Fund, Victory Financial Reserves Fund, and Victory Prime Obligations Funds, August 1, 2008 
Mayer Brown LLP, July 28, 2008 
Northern Institutional Fund, July 16, 2008 
JPMorgan Chase; Bear Stearns Asset Management I, July 14, 2008 
First Trust/Gallatin Specialty Finance and Financial Opportunities Fund, July 11, 2008 
T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., July 10, 2008 
The Townsend Group, Inc., July 9, 2008 
Western Asset Money Market
Fund, June 27, 2008 
Western Asset Institutional Money Market
Fund, June 27, 2008 
HSBC Investor Funds, June 25, 2008 
Munder Series Trust, June 23, 2008 
Cabot Wellington, LLC, June 17, 2008 
Emeriti Consortium for Retirement Health Solutions, June 16, 2008 
Eaton Vance Management, June 13, 2008 
College Retirement Equities Fund, May 19, 2008 
Allianz Dresdner Daily Asset Fund, May 5, 2008 
Institutional Liquidity Trust, April 30, 2008 
ING Series Fund, Inc., et al, April 30, 2008 
Fidelity Select Portfolio, April 29, 2008 
Master Portfolio Trust, April 18, 2008 
Janus Aspen Series, April 10, 2008 
Highbridge Statistical Market Neutral Fund, April 7, 2008 
Master Portfolio Trust, April 4, 2008 
JPMorgan Chase; Bear Stearns Asset Management II, March 16, 2008 
SEI Daily Income Trust – Prime Obligation Fund, February 29, 2008 
Northern Institutional Funds, February 28, 2008 
Wells Fargo Funds Trust – Prime Money Market Fund and Heritage Money Market Fund, February 13, 2008 
Fidelity Funds, January 22, 2008 
HSBC Investor Funds, January 18, 2008 
STI Classic Funds, January 2, 2008 

NGP Capital Resources Company (Corrected), December 28, 2007 
CUNA Mutual Life Insurance Company, et al., December 27, 2007 
Dexia Municipal Agency, December 26, 2007 
TDAM Money Market Portfolio, December 21, 2007 
Franklin Universal Trust, December 18, 2007 
First American Funds, Inc. – Prime Obligation Fund, December 3, 2007 
SEI Liquid Asset Trust Prime Obligation Fund, December 3, 2007 
Old Mutual Advisors Funds, November 16, 2007 
SEI Daily Income Trust — Money Market Fund, November 9, 2007 
SEI Daily Income Trust — Prime Obligation Fund, November 8, 2007 
STI Classic Funds, October 26, 2007 
Investment Adviser Association, September 20, 2007 
Exelon Corporation, September 13, 2007 
McDermott, Will & Emery, July 26, 2007 
Cooley Godward & Kronish, July 12, 2007 
Capital Trust, Inc., May 24, 2007 
Ameritas Life Insurance Corp., April 5, 2007 
Lear Corporation Retirement Savings Plan Trusts, March 16, 2007 
Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P., March 13, 2007 
M&G Investment Management Ltd., March 1, 2007 
Heitman Capital Management, LLC, February 12, 2007 
Investment Company Institute, February 1, 2007 
Van Kampen Funds Inc., January 31, 2007 
Emanuel J. Friedman and EJF Capital LLC, January 16, 2007 

Gartmore Variable Insurance Trust, December 29, 2006 
GuideStone Financial, et al., December 27, 2006 
IDS Life Insurance Company, et al., December 14, 2006 
ASA (Bermuda) Limited, December 13, 2006 
MACRO Securities Depositor, LLC, December 1, 2006 
Federated Municipal Funds, November 20, 2006 
Alliance World Dollar Government Fund, Inc., October 19, 2006 
Nuveen Virginia Premium Income Municipal Fund, October 6, 2006 
Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc., September 27, 2006 
Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., September 26, 2006 
Washington Capital Joint Master Trust, September 25, 2006 
Deloitte & Touche LLP, August 28, 2006 
ABA Subcommittee on Private Investment Entities, August 10, 2006 
Credit Agricole Asset Management Alternative Investments, Inc., August 7, 2006 
Citigroup Inc., July 26, 2006 
Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund, Inc., July 13, 2006 
Alternative Investment Partners Absolute Return Fund STS, July 10, 2006 
Gardner Russo & Gardner, June 7, 2006 
SCP Private Equity Partners II, L.P., June 6, 2006 
Lockheed Martin Investment Management Company, June 6, 2006 
Mutual of America Investment Corporation, June 2, 2006 
Ameriprise Financial Services Inc., April 5, 2006 
Putnam Premier Income Trust, March 14, 2006 
Putnam High Income Securities Fund, March 14, 2006 
Millennium Partners, L.P., et al, March 9, 2006 
American International Group, Inc., February 21, 2006 

First Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company & Canada Life Insurance Company of New York, December 22, 2005 
GE Institutional Funds, December 21, 2005 
Pioneer Funds, December 20, 2005 
Investment Company Institute, December 14, 2005 
ABA Subcommittee on Private Investment Entities, December 8, 2005 
Investment Adviser Association, December 2, 2005 
National Compliance Service, November 30, 2005 
E*TRADE Securities, LLC, November 30, 2005 
Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, November 17, 2005 
American Home Assurance Company, et. al., October 17, 2005 
Seward & Kissel, October 12, 2005 
Evergreen Investment Management Company LLC, October 11, 2005 
UBS Financial Services, Inc., September 29, 2005 
Credit Suisse First Boston, LLC, August 31, 2005 
ING Bank N.V., August 31, 2005 
Putnam Tax-Free Health Care Fund, August 8, 2005 
EIF Neptune, LLC Starwood Energy Investors, LLC & Atlantic Energy Parts, July 29, 2005 
Royal Dutch Shell plc, May 17, 2005 
American Skandia Life Assurance Corporation, May 16, 2005 
Principal Investors Fund Inc., May 13, 2005 
Ark Therapeutics Group plc, April 15, 2005 
Emeriti Consortium for Retirement Health Solutions, April 7, 2005 
Mellon Equity Associates, LLP April 1, 2005 
Trusts under the Will of Marion Searle, March 29, 2005 
Fidelity Magellan Fund, March 15, 2005 
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., March 8, 2005 
Prudential Insurance Company of America, March 1, 2005 
CIBC Mellon Trust Company, February 24, 2005 
Goldman, Sachs & Co., February 23, 2005 
Morgan Stanley & Co., Inc., February 4, 2005 
Wells Fargo Alternative Asset Management, LLC, January 26, 2005 

Pacific Select Fund, et al., December 23, 2004 
American International Group, Inc., December 8, 2004 
Trainer, Wortham & Co. Froley, Revy Investment Co. Starbuck, Tisdale & Assoc., December 6, 2004 
College and University Facility Loan Trust One, et al., November 29, 2004 
Investment Company Institute, November 10, 2004 
Old Dominion Electric Cooperative, et al., October 13, 2004 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., September 24, 2004 
Thomas Weisel Partners LLC, September 24, 2004 
Institutional Shareholder Services, Inc., September 15, 2004 
GE Life and Annuity Assurance Company, June 25, 2004 
American Bible Society, June 1, 2004 
Egan-Jones Proxy Services, May 27, 2004 
Medallion Financial Corp., May 11, 2004 
College Retirement Equities Fund — Stone, May 3, 2004 
College Retirement Equities Fund — Belth, May 3, 2004 
College Retirement Equities Fund — Fuller, May 3, 2004 
College Retirement Equities Fund — Buchman, May 3, 2004 
Man-Glenwood Lexington TEI, LLC and Man-Glenwood Lexington TEI, LDC, April 30, 2004 
Fixed Income Securities, L.P., April 29, 2004 
Austraclear Limited, April 28, 2004 
Eaton Vance Special Investment Trust, et al March 30, 2004 
Dominion Equipment II, Inc., et al., March 25, 2003 
Gartmore Mutual Funds, March 19, 2004 
Enron Corporation, March 11, 2004 
Investment Counsel Association of America, Inc., March 1, 2004 
Cantor Fitzgerald & Company, February 17, 2004 
Bonneville Power Administration, February 10, 2004 
Kirkpatrick & Lockhart LLP, January 28, 2004 
Westford Technology Ventures, L.P., January 28, 2004 
Shee Atika Investments, LLC, January 20, 2004 
Maxim Series Fund Inc., January 14, 2004 
First Data Corporation, January 13, 2004 

Acacia National Life Insurance Company, December 19, 2003 
Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.) and Keyport Life Insurance Company, December 19, 2003 
Evercore METC Investment Inc., et. al., November 25, 2003 
Equus Capital Partners L.P., November 14, 2003 
J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., October 31, 2003 
UBS Securities LLC (f/k/a UBS Warburg LLC), October 31, 2003 
Goldman, Sachs & Company, October 31, 2003 
Lehman Brothers, October 31, 2003 
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, October 31, 2003 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., October 31, 2003 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. f/k/a Salomon Smith Barney Inc., October 31, 2003 
Credit Suisse First Boston LLC f/k/a Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, October 31, 2003 
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray Inc., October 31, 2003 
James DeYoung, October 24, 2003 
MTB Group of Funds, October 21, 2003 
Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation Company, October 15, 2003 
J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., October 8, 2003 
Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc., et. al., September 23, 2003 
RealEnergy, Inc., et al., August 12, 2003 
DTE Heritage, LLC, et. al., July 30, 2003 
France Growth Fund, Inc., July 15, 2003 
Duke Energy Control Area Services, LLC, July 9, 2003 
Dougherty & Company LCC, July 3, 2003 
Juniper Capital L.P., June 23, 2003 
Mercy Investment Program, Inc., June 12, 2003 
Metropolitan Insurance and Annuity Company, June 6, 2003 
Neuberger Berman Management Inc., et al., April 30, 2003 
Fahnestock & Company Inc., April 21, 2003 
Tri-Continental Corporation, March 25, 2003 
Dougherty & Company LLC, March 21, 2003 
Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, March 13, 2003 
Edward Mahaffy, March 6, 2003 
ML-Lee Acquisition Fund II, L.P. and ML-Lee Acquisition Fund (Retirement Accounts) II, L.P, March 4, 2003 
Tuition Plan Consortium, LLP, February 4, 2003 
Staff Responses to Questions About Regulation S-P, January 23, 2003 
Lincoln National Life Insurance & Lincoln Financial Advisors, January 30, 2003 
Constellation Financial Management LLC, January 9, 2003 

Allstate Life Insurance Company, December 23, 2002 
Sun Life Insurance and Annuity Company of New York, et al., December 20, 2002 
AAL Mutual Funds, et al., December 12, 2002 
USB Global Asset Management (US), Inc., November 21, 2002 
Lindbergh Funds, October 30, 2002 
Frank Russell Investment Company, et al., October 18, 2002 
Honeywell International Inc Savings Plan Trust, October 7, 2002 
Manufacturers Adviser Corp, September 10, 2002 
Gulf Coast Venture Forum, Inc., August 21, 2002 
PIMCO Funds: Multi-Manager Series, August 6, 2002 
ReFlow Fund, LLC, July 15, 2002 
Federal National Mortgage Association, July 12, 2002 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, July 12, 2002 
Thomson Financial Inc., July 10, 2002 
PIMCO Funds, July 9, 2002 
ING Bank, N.V., July 8, 2002 
Merrill Lynch Investment Managers, May 10, 2002 
Mutual Fund Directors Forum, May 9, 2002 
American Enterprise Life Insurance Company, April 30, 2002 
General Electric Capital Corporation, April 26, 2002 
Ballard Spahr Andrews & Ingersoll, LLP, April 3, 2002 
MuniYield Insured Fund, Inc., March 11, 2002 
Evergreen Investment Management Company, LLC, February 13, 2002 
AIM Advisors, Inc., February 12, 2002 
Investment Company Institute, February 12, 2002 
Seligman New Technologies Fund II, Inc., February 7, 2002 
Federated Core Trust II, L.P., February 6, 2002 
National Football League Players Association, January 25, 2002 
Asia Tiger Fund, Inc., The, January 31, 2002 

Asia Tiger Fund, Inc., The, December 28, 2001 
Manufacturers Life Insurance Company, The, December 27, 2001 
Stephens Inc., December 27, 2001 
Aid Association for Lutherans/Lutheran Brotherhood, December 21, 2001 
U.S. Bancorp Asset Management Inc., et al., December 11, 2001 
Mexico Equity and Income Fund, The, November 15, 2001 
AIG Life Insurance Company — American International Life Assurance Company of New York, November 6, 2001 
Government Securities Clearing Corporation, October 19, 2001 
Lincoln National Convertible Securities Fund, Inc. — Walter S. Baer, September 28, 2001  
Templeton Vietnam and Southeast Asia Fund, September 28, 2001 
UAM Inc., September 24, 2001 
Calvert Social Index Fund, September 24, 2001 
Large Scale Distributed Generation II Statutory Trust, September 5, 2001 
AIG Life Insurance Company, August 16, 2001 
k1 Ventures, et. al., July 28, 2003 
Arizona Electric Power Cooperative Inc., July 27, 2001 
The Chase Manhattan Bank, July 24, 2001 
Windamere Capital Ventures, L.P., Windamere Capital Ventures Company, LLC, July 23, 2001 
Current Income Shares, Inc., July 10, 2001 
Pioneer Interest Shares, June 20, 2001 
National Association for Variable Annunities; Insurance Marketplace Standards Assn; American Council of Life Insurers, June 19, 2001 
Asia Pacific Fund, Inc (The), June 8, 2001 
Asia Pacific Fund, Inc (The) — Thomas A. Kornfeld, June 8, 2001 
Legg Mason Wood Walker, Inc., June 11, 2001 
H.E.B. Investment and Retirement Plan (H.E. Butt Grocery Company), May 18, 2001 
Investment Company Institute, April 30, 2001 
Investment Company Institute, April 30, 2001 
Investec Ernst & Company, April 24, 2001 
Prudential Investment Management Services LLC, April 19, 2001 
Longleaf Partners Funds Trust, April 9, 2001 
France Growth Fund, Inc, April 6, 2001 
 France Growth Fund, Inc.; Advantage Partners LP, April 6, 2001 
France Growth Fund, Inc.; Strome Hedgecap Fund, April 6, 2001 
Letter  to the Investment Company Institute Regarding Valuation Issues, April 2001
 
Nationwide Life Insurance Company, March 16, 2001 
AHA Investment Funds, Inc, March 8, 2001 
Fidelity Advisor Korea Fund, Inc, March 7, 2001 
Swiss Helvetia Fund, Inc., March 6, 2001 
Western Farmers Electric Cooperative, February 23, 2001 
ING Mutual Funds Management Co. LLC; ING Funds Distributors Inc. and Reich & Tang Distributors Inc., February 9, 2001 
Prudential Securities Incorporated, February 7, 2001 

Comdisco, Inc., October 25, 2000 
Willkie Farr & Gallagher, October 23, 2000 
Janus Adviser Series, August 28, 2000 
Mackenzie Investment Managment et al., August 8, 2000 
Jennison Associates LLC, July 6, 2000 
Select Sector SPDR Fund and Diamonds Trust, July 6, 2000 
Massachusetts Mutual Life, June 7, 2000 
Brown & Wood, February 24, 2000 
General Motors Investment Management, February 20, 2000 
R.O.C. Taiwan Fund, February 11, 2000 
Pengrowth Energy Trust, January 27, 2000 

Signature Financial Group, Inc., December 28, 1999 
Investment Company Institute, December 8, 1999 
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, November 13, 1999 
HOLDRs, September 3, 1999 
BISYS Fund Services, Inc., September 2, 1999 
The First Australia Fund, Inc., July 29, 1999 
Salomon Brothers Asset Management Inc and Salomon Brothers Asset Management Asia Pacific Limited, July 23, 1999 
Investment Company Institute, June 15, 1999 
ING Bank N.V., et al., May 24, 1999 
Frankin Templeton Group of Funds, et al., May 21, 1999 
Select Sector SPDR Trust, May 6, 1999 
American Bar Association, April 22, 1999 
Goldman, Sachs & Co., February 22 , 1999
	 

Defined Asset Funds, December 23, 1998 
Drinker, Biddle & Reath, December 18, 1998 
Franklin Management, Inc., December 10, 1998 
SSGA International Liquidity Fund, December 2, 1998 
Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company, November 27, 1998 
American Express Financial Corporation, November 17, 1998 
New Center Asset Trust, November 5, 1998 
Investment Company Institute, October 30, 1998 
MassMutual Institutional Funds, Inc., October 19, 1998 
Service Corporation International, October 6, 1998 
Goodwin, Procter & Hoar, October 5, 1998 
Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering and Davis Polk & Wardell, October 5, 1998 
Credit Suisse First Boston, September 9, 1998 
Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, August 10, 1998 
ICI Mutual Insurance Company, July 27, 1998 
Plymouth Commercial Mortgage Fund, July 13, 1998 
Nuveen Flagship Multistate Trust I, July 10, 1998 
Chase Manhattan Bank, June 12, 1998 
One Point Communications Corp, June 12, 1998 
Royal Bank of Canada, et al., June 3, 1998 
Lamp Technologies, Inc., May 29, 1998 
New England Education Loan Marketing Corp, May 22, 1998 
Safra Republic Holdings, April 21, 1998 
Investment Company Institute, April 15, 1998 
Moscow Municipal Bank, April 8, 1998 
Nebraska  Higher Education Loan Program Inc., April 4,  1998
     
Daughters of Charity National Health System, Inc., April 3, 1998 
Nebraska Higher Education Loan Program, April 3, 1998 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., March 31, 1998 
DALBAR, Inc., March 24, 1998 
Public Employees' Retirement Board of the State of Oregon, March 3, 1998 
Neuberger & Berman Income Funds, February 27, 1998 
Investment Company Institute and the Global Custodians, February 19, 1998 
Reserve Bank of Australia, January 30, 1998 
Societatea Nationala de Compensare, January 28, 1998 
Stock Holding Corporation of Indian Ltd., January 21, 1998 

Sullivan and Cromwell, December 29, 1997 
American Century Companies, Inc. / J.P. Morgan & Co., December 23, 1997 
Depository Clearing Company, December 19, 1997 
Brinson Funds, et al., November 25, 1997 
K. K. Rajendran, November 21, 1997 
Chief Financial Officer, November 7, 1997 
Mike Krichew, November 5, 1997 
BSC Employee Fund, L.P., October 14, 1997 
Redwood Investment Fund, LLC, October 14, 1997 
Investment Company Institute, October 3, 1997 
Five Arrows Short-Term Investment Trust, September 26, 1997 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., September 16, 1997 
Bradley A. Veld, August 15, 1997 
LNC Equity Sales Corporation, August 8, 1997 
INVESCO Funds Group, Inc., August 5, 1997 
The Eaton Vance Group of Investment Companies, July 25, 1997 
Franklin Templeton Group of Funds, July 23, 1997 
MLC Limited, July 21, 1997 
American International Group, Inc., July 18, 1997 
Macedonian Stock Exchange, July 10, 1997 
AmSouth Mutual Funds, July 8, 1997 
Federated Investors, July 8, 1997
     
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc., July 7, 1997 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V., July 1, 1997 
PNC Bank N.A., June 10, 1997 
First Financial Fund, Inc., at al., June 5, 1997 
Bucharest Stock Exchange, June 3, 1997 
Lamp Technologies, Inc., May 29, 1997 
Russia Growth Fund, Inc., May 20, 1997 
John Bowen Investment Management, May 13, 1997 
Puerto Rico Balanced Fund, Inc., April 29, 1997 
Merrill Lynch Asset Management, April 28, 1997 
Alliance Funds, April 25, 1997 
Davis, Polk & Wardwell, April 24, 1997 
Dean Witter, Discover & Co. ("DWD") and Morgan Stanley Group Inc., April 18,	1997 
Dessauer Global Equity Fund, April 3, 1997 
 Eaton Vance South Asia Portfolio, March 12, 1997 
Goodwin, Procter & Hoar, February 28, 1997 
I.C.H. Corporation, February 26, 1997 
National Securities Depository Ltd., February 25, 1997 
KDSM, Inc. and Sinclair Capital, February 21, 1997 
Indosuez Asset Management Asia Limited, February 14, 1997 
GE Funds, February 7, 1997 
ITT Hartford Mutual Funds, February 7, 1997 
Nicholas-Applegate Mutual Funds, February 7, 1997 
Dr. William Greene, Stern School of Business, February 3, 1997 
Lazard Freres Asset Management, January 10, 1997 

Association for Investment Management and Research, December 18, 1996 
Equitable Life Assurance Society, December 18, 1996 
Eaton Vance Master Portfolio, December 11, 1996 
Plymouth Commercial Mortgage Fund, December 3, 1996 
Australian Securities Commission, October 23, 1996 
American Odyssey Funds, Inc., October 7, 1996 
John W. Henry Co. Inc., September 20, 1996 
Dean Witter World Wide Investment Trust, September 17, 1996 
Horizon Asset Management, LLC, September 13, 1996 
Morgan Grenfell Investment Trust, September 13, 1996 
Templeton Vietnam Opportunities Fund, Inc., September 6, 1996 
ASX Settlement & Transfer Corporation, August 13, 1996 
Sacha Stawski, August 9, 1996 
Bramwell Growth Fund, August 7, 1996 
Nicholas-Applegate Mutual Funds, August 6, 1996 
Interbolsa, August 5, 1996 
PerfectData Corporation, August 5, 1996 
State Street Bank & Trust, August 1, 1996 
Investment Company Institute, July 29, 1996 
Hewlett-Packard Finance Company, July 17, 1996 
Managed Futures Association, July 11, 1996 
Mr. Frank Mason, July 3, 1996 
Wilkie Farr & Gallagher, June 11, 1996 
John Hancock Fund, Inc., June 25, 1996 
Real Goods Trading Corporation, June 24, 1996 
Dreyfus Asset Allocation Fund, Inc., June 14, 1996 
American Mutual Life Insurance, June 13, 1996 
National Association for Variable Annuities, June 4, 1996 
World Financial Network National Bank, May 28, 1996 
Gary E. Hughes, American Council of Life Insurance, May 26, 1996 
National Securities Clearing Corp., May 24, 1996 
Bancafe/Juan Vico, May 22, 1996 
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company,
New England Mutual Life Insurance Company, and New England Variable Life Insurance Company, May 17, 1996 
Munder Capital Management, May 17, 1996 
Investment Company Institute, May 9, 1996 
Blanchard Global Growth Fund, May 7, 1996 
J.P. Morgan Investment Management, Inc., May 7, 1996 
Russell H. Smith, May 2, 1996 
TIAA Real Estate Account, May 1, 1996 
Financial Services Board, April 24, 1996 
Rowe Price-Fleming International Inc., April 12, 1996 
Ramius Capital Management, LLC, April 5, 1996 
Kavilco, Inc., April 4, 1996 
RDM Infodustries, Inc., March 25, 1996 
DFA Investment Trust, March 21, 1996 
Cornish & Carey Commercial Inc., February 26, 1996 
U.S. Department of Labor, February 22, 1996 
Investment Company Registrant General Letter, February 15, 1996 
Massachusetts Mutual Life, February 15, 1996 
Lazard Freres Asset Management, February 12, 1996 
Investment Funds Institute of Canada, February 6, 1996 
G.T. Global Growth Series et al., February 2, 1996 
Total, January 26, 1996 

The Standish Ayer & Wood Inc. Stable Value Group Trust, December 28, 1995 
The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States, December 22, 1995 
The Ayco Company L.P., December 14, 1995 
Maxine Harry, December 6, 1995 
Principle Preservation Portfolios, Inc., December 6, 1995 
Department of Labor, December 5, 1995 
Pretzel & Stouffer, December 1, 1995 
Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, November 17, 1995 
InTouch Global, LLC, November 14, 1995 
The Riverfront Funds,
Inc., November 8, 1995 
Mutual Series Fund Inc., November 7, 1995 
Accounting Comment Letter, November 2, 1995 
Colonial Trust I et al., October 20, 1995 
David Parkinson, October 19, 1995 
DFA Investment Trust Company, October 17, 1995 
Missouri Innovation Center, Inc., October 17, 1995 
MassMutual Institutional Funds, September 28, 1995 
Queensland Treasury Corporation, September 26, 1995 
Thomson Advisory Group L.P., September 26, 1995 
First Call Corporation, September 6, 1995 
SMC Capital, Inc., September 5, 1995 
Mark A. Bush, August 8, 1995 
Norwest Funds — Municipal Money Market Fund, August 8, 1995 
Alfred A. Zurl, August 7, 1995 
Fiduciary Trust Global Fund, August 2, 1995 
The T. Rowe Price Funds, July 31, 1995 
George Colman, July 18, 1995 
Gilbert G. Beezley, July 17, 1995 
ACM Institutional Reserves, Inc., July 14, 1995 
Alliance Municipal Trust, July 14, 1995 
Hongkong Securities Clearing Company Limited, July 13, 1995 
Municipal Fund for California Investors, Inc., July 12, 1995 
California Municipal Cash Trust, July 11, 1995 
Venture Search Technology Inc., July 11, 1995 
Lehman Brothers Daily Income Fund, July 7, 1995 
Twentieth Century Mutual Funds, July 7, 1995 
Wells Fargo Money Market Funds, July 7, 1995 
Benham California Tax-Free and Municipal Funds, June 30, 1995 
Kemper Money Market Funds, June 23, 1995 
American Council of Life Insurance, June 20, 1995 
Benson White & Company, June 14, 1995 
James R. Waters, June 1, 1995 
Investment Company Institute, May 26, 1995 
Norwest Bank Minnesota, N.A. and Society National Bank, May 25, 1995 
The One Group, May 23, 1995 
Unit Investment Trust Organizational Expenses, May 9, 1995 
Goldman Sachs & Co., April 27, 1995 
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, April 26, 1995 
Salomon Brothers Inc., April 25, 1995 
The Victory Funds and The Victory Portfolios, April 24, 1995 
Templeton Russia
Fund, Inc., April 18, 1995 
Citicorp Securities, April 6, 1995 
State Street Bank & Trust Company, February 28, 1995 
Philadelphia Ventures Liberty Fund, L.P., February 14, 1995 
M.S.B. Fund, Inc., February 10, 1995 
Victory Stock Index Fund, February 7, 1995 
Kemper Total Return Fund, February 6, 1995 
Chief Financial Officer of Investment Company Registrants, February 3, 1995 
Letter to Investment Company Registrants, February 3, 1995 
ESI S.A., February 2, 1995 
PaineWebber Incorporated, January 27, 1995 
United Municipal Bond Fund, January 27, 1995 
The Royce Fund, January 24, 1995 
United Missouri Bank of Kansas City, January 23, 1995 

Global Exempt Certificates of Ownership in NHA MBS Securities Inc., December 30, 1994 
Caxton Corporation, December 28, 1994 
Latham & Watkins, December 28, 1994 
Shoreline Fund, L.P., November 14, 1994 
Transamerica Series, Inc., November 7, 1994 
Chief Financial Officer, November 1, 1994 
Linsco/Private Ledger Corp., November 1, 1994 
Wm. S. Barnickel & Company, November 1, 1994 
Letter to Investment Advisers, October 25, 1994 
Warsaw Stock Exchange, October 20, 1994 
Philadelphia Stock
Exchange, Inc., October 18, 1994 
Dana Investment Advisors, Inc., October 12, 1994 
Mutual Funds and Derivative Instruments, September 26, 1994 
Townsend and Associates, Inc., September 21, 1994 
Pershing Division of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp., September 15, 1994 
Glenwood Investment Corp., August 10, 1994 
W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.P., August 10, 1994 
Integrated Resources, Inc., August 5, 1994 
North American Security Trust, August 5, 1994 
PaineWebber Managed Investments Trust, August 4, 1994 
The Canadian Depository for Securities Limited, August 4, 1994 
First Coastal Corporation, July 28, 1994 
Stephen R. Kelly, July 28, 1994 
J.P. Morgan Structured
Obligations Corporation, July 27, 1994 
Murray Johnstone Holdings Limited; Murray Johnstone Limited; Murray Johnstone International Limited, July 21, 1994 
Adam W. Glass, July 20, 1994 
Arthur Andersen & Co., July 8, 1994 
Edward H. Fleischman, June 30, 1994 
Owens-Illinois, Inc., June 24, 1994 
Louis Russo, June 16, 1994 
CBA Money Fund, et al., June 9, 1994 
Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation, May 26, 1994 
Kake Tribal Corporation, May 25, 1994 
R. Bryan Stoker, May 13, 1994 
Sean J. Egan, May 10, 1994 
Century Shares Trust, May 4, 1994 
PanAgora Group Trust, April 29, 1994 
Long-Term Capital Management, L.P., April 28, 1994 
Municipality Finance Ltd., April 28, 1994 
Federated Investors, April 21, 1994 
ASX Settlement and Transfer Corporation, April 19, 1994 
Shoreline Fund, L.P., April 11, 1994 
Andrews & Kurth L.L.P., April 5, 1994 
Scudder Investment Trust, March 23, 1994 
MPC Liquidating Trust, March 10, 1994 
Lehman Brothers Inc., March 8, 1994 
Summit Advisors, Inc., March 1, 1994 
ICI Mutual Insurance Company, February 28, 1994 
The Capitol Mutual Funds and Nations Fund Trust, February 24, 1994 
Brown & Wood, February 24, 1994 
Gerald Zuckerman, February 1, 1994 
David S. Butterworth, January 27, 1994 

Travelers Insurance Company et al., September 3, 1993 
The South America Fund N.V., September 2, 1993 
Japan Securities Depository Center, August 31, 1993 
Frank Russell Investment Management Company, August 30, 1993 
Alameda Contra Costa Medical Association Collective Investment Trust for Retirement Plans, August 26, 1993 
Stock Exchange of
Thailand, August 26, 1993 
New America High Income Fund, Inc., July 29, 1993 
College Retirement Equities Fund Real Estate Account, July 22, 1993 
PaineWebber Equity Trusts, July 19, 1993 
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe, June 18, 1993 
Mutual of America Life Insurance Company, June 17, 1993 
T. Rowe Price Tax-Free Funds, June 24, 1993 
Investment Company Institute, June 16, 1993 
Investment Company Institute, June 15, 1993 
Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. and Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Co. Incorporated, June 8, 1993 
Keene Corporation, June 2, 1993 
Reserve Bank of New Zealand, May 24, 1993 
Malaysian Central
Depository Sdn. Bhd., May 19, 1993 
Sedgwick Consulting Group, May 17, 1993 
Kidder Peabody Investment Trust, May 14, 1993 
Korea Securities Depository Corporation, May 14, 1993 
Washington Mutual Investors Fund, Inc., May 14, 1993 
Defined Asset Funds — Equity Income Fund — Select Ten Series, May 5, 1993 
Custody of B Shares Trading on the Shenzhen and Shanghai Securities Exchanges, April 26, 1993 
United Services Funds, April 23, 1993 
Mercury Asset Management plc, April 16, 1993 
Alliance Capital Management L.P., April 7, 1993 
Austraclear Limited, April 6, 1993 
PNC Fund, et al., April 2, 1993 
Richard L. Mertz, April 1, 1993 
Datastream International Inc., March 15, 1993 
Oppenheimer Landmrk Properties, March 9, 1993 
Celina Financial Corporation, February 19, 1993 
Dean Witter, Discover & Co., February 8, 1993 
North American Security Trust and NASL Series Trust, February 2, 1993 
Thomson Fund Group, et al., January 28, 1993 
County of Los Angeles, January 27, 1993 
Pasadena Investment Trust, January 22, 1993 
Robertson, Stephens & Company, January 12, 1993 
Calvert Group, January 7, 1993 
Michael Tannenbaum, January 5, 1993 

Investment Company Institute, November 2, 1992 
Missouri Family Trust Fund, September 22, 1992 
Founders Funds, Inc., August 4, 1992 
Uniao de Bancos de Brasileiros S.A., July 28, 1992 
Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., July 24, 1992 
Charles Schwab & Co., May 28, 1992 
Wall Street Preferred Money Managers, Inc., April 10, 1992 
University of Alaska Advance College Tuition Payment, March 2, 1992 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., January 28, 1992 

Greenwich Capital Acceptance Inc., August 8, 1991 
NAB Asset Corp., June 20, 1991 

Citytrust, Inc., December 19, 1990 

Letter Providing General Guidance to Insurance Companies Filing Post-Effective Amendments in Connection with the Offering of Variable Life and Variable Annuity Contracts, November 8, 1989 
American Funds Distributors, October 16, 1989 
United States Property Investment N.V., May 1, 1989 
Letter Providing General Guidance to Insurance Companies Filing Post-Effective Amendments in Connection with the Offering of Variable Life and Variable Annuity Contracts, January 24, 1989 

United Bankers , March 23, 1988 

M.D.C. Holdings, May 5, 1987 

The State Street Mortgage Co., November 18, 1986 
Clover Capital Management, Inc., October 28, 1986 

First National Bank of Fremont, November 18, 1985 
Salomon Brothers, Inc., June 17, 1985 
Health Facility Credit Corp. , February 6, 1985 

Adams Express Company, September 7, 1984 
Baton Rouge Building and Construction Industry Foundation, August 31, 1984 
Northwestern Ohio Building and Construction Trades Foundation, April 20, 1984 
Nottingham Realty Securities, April 19, 1984 
Realex Capital Corporation, April 19, 1984 

The Adams Company, November 26, 1982 
Twentieth Century Investors, Inc., October 27, 1982 
United States & Foreign Securities Corporation, October 27, 1982 
SIFE Trust Fund, January 18, 1982 

American Home Finance Corp., April 9, 1981 
Richard Ellis, Inc., March 19, 1981 

Adams Express Company, September 20, 1979 

Merrill Lynch Capital Fund, Inc., February 7, 1978 

Lionel D. Edie Capital Fund, Inc., April 15, 1975 
Salomon Brothers, April 4, 1975 

Adams Express Company, September 9, 1974 
Mutual of Omaha Interest Shares, Inc., September 9, 1974 
MGIC Mortgage Corp., August 1, 1974 
Standard Shares, Inc., July 29, 1974 

Norman F. Swanton Associates, September 12, 1973 
Continental
of Illinois (Delaware), Ltd., March 14, 1973 

Salomon Brothers, May 23, 1972 
State Street Bank and Trust Company, May 22, 1972 
MGIC Mortgage Corp., October 6, 1972 

State Street Bank and Trust Company, December 27, 1971 
Urban Land Investments, November 4, 1971 



http://www.sec.gov/divisions/investment/im-noaction.shtml




Contact | 
	Employment | 
	Links |
	FOIA | 
	Forms |
	Privacy Policy
Modified: 



06/20/2017












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v























