             MSCI - MSCI                                                                               Skip to Content          Search     Search    Cancel                      Time to Revisit Fundamentalsof Quality? Read the blog post   Time to Revisit Fundamentalsof Quality? Read the blog post        Launch of MSCI JapanEmpowering Women Index (WIN) Read the blog post   Launch of MSCI JapanEmpowering Women Index (WIN) Read the blog post        Measuring the Impact of Factors Learn more   Measuring the Impact of Factors Learn more        Are you ready forChina A shares? Read the blog post   Are you ready forChina A shares? Read the blog post                                      Terms: Use Restrictions *USD | **EUR GMT 20 minute delay                       GLOBAL STOCK MARKET PERFORMANCE MSCI's All Country World Index (ACWI) is composed of 2,400 constituents, 11 sectors, and is the industry’s accepted gauge of global stock market activity. It provides a seamless, modern and fully integrated view across all sources of equity returns in 47 developed and emerging markets. Learn about the index »                   LATEST NEWS AND RESEARCH      Jul 24, 2017  Getting Ahead of the Curve: How Taper 2.0 May Affect Bond Returns  Learn More »     Jul 21, 2017  Americans in Paris: The Implications if U.S. Corporates Abandon their Carbon Reduction Targets  Learn More »     Jul 20, 2017  UK Commercial Property Fund Returns Tick Up in Q2  Learn More »     Jul 19, 2017  Time to Revisit Fundamentals of Quality?  Learn More »                             Read the 3 July 2017 interview with MSCI’s CEO in the FT Henry Fernandez defends the inclusion of China A shares in MSCI’s Emerging Markets Index.  Read more »                       ETF.com Best Index Provider Website Award 2016 For the second consecutive year - March 2016 and March 2017  View all MSCI awards »                       Market Classification 2017 MSCI Inc. has announced that beginning in June 2018, it will include China A shares in the MSCI Emerging Markets Index.  Read more »                                                  Back to Top     ﻿             Modern Index Strategy Indexes - MSCI                                                                        Skip to Content          Search     Search    Cancel                 Home/What We Offer/Indexes/                  Modern Index Strategy Index Categories Performance Index Resources Index Profiles                            MSCI indexing offers a modern, seamless and fully integrated approach to measuring the full equity opportunity set, with no gaps or overlaps. The Modern Index Strategy enables the construction and monitoring of portfolios in a cohesive and complete manner, avoiding benchmark misfit and uncompensated risks. At the core is MSCI's index methodology, which provides consistent treatment across all markets and ensures best practices in investability, replicability and cost efficiency.  View the Global Indexes brochure - Delivering the Modern Index Strategy MSCI: A leader in equity indexes - learn more   Our business is based on helping our clients succeed We have remained a market leader by expanding and enhancing our index offering to reflect the evolving and complex needs of the institutional investment community – with groundbreaking new products, innovative research, high quality data and dedicated client support.  MSCI has been at the forefront of index construction and maintenance for more than 40 years, launching its first global equity indexes in 1969. Today we are more focused than ever on our clients' business needs and on delivering the quality and innovation they need to navigate increasingly complex markets.     The index matters Using an index in the investment process that accurately and consistently measures the full opportunity set is key to fully understanding and capturing all the unique drivers of risk and return.    THE MSCI ADVANTAGE    1 As of Dec 31, 2016, as reported on March 31, 2017 by eVestment, Morningstar and Bloomberg. 2 Based on latest P&I AUM data and MSCI clients as of March 2017. 3 As of March 2017; defined as each share class of an exchange traded fund, as identified by a separate Bloomberg ticker. Only primary listings, and not cross-listings, are counted. 4 As of Dec 2016, according to Intersec LLC. Please click here to read a Japanese language guide to MSCI indexes. MSCI指数−構築方法のご案内（日本語版）             MODERN INDEX STRATEGY WEBINAR SERIES  Access the webinar recordings here:  Currency Hedging: Adapting to Volatility Discussion of Results of MSCI's 2016 Market Classification Review Introducing the 11 GICS® Sector: Real Estate Why Brexit and Economic Exposure Matters                            MSCI Single Country Indexes Heat Map Explore MSCI’s all-new interactive heat map which captures the daily performance for MSCI’s single country indexes within the emerging, developed, and frontier markets.  Learn more »                       Awards MSCI is the #1 choice for the world’s largest investors seeking global equity benchmarks. MSCI’s clients include 97 of the top 100 largest money managers. Based on P&I AUM data as of December 2014 and MSCI data as of September 2015.  View our awards »                       MSCI Real Time Indexes History Obtain a historical view of equity markets with the new MSCI Real Time Indexes History.  Learn more »                                               Back to Top     ﻿             MSCI Our story - MSCI                                                                       Skip to Content          Search     Search    Cancel                 Home/Who We Are/Our Story/                                   We are an independent provider of research-driven insights and tools for institutional investors.  We have deep expertise in the areas of risk and performance measurement that is based on more than 40 years of academic research, real-world experience and collaboration with our clients. Our broad product line supports clients’ needs across all major asset classes and provides them with a consistent way of looking at risk and performance from front to middle office.  We have a highly flexible business model that enables clients to select the individual products and services they need and integrate them into their own investment processes and methodologies. Asset owners use our research, data, benchmarks and multi-asset class risk management tools to determine whether the managers they hire are delivering appropriate risk-adjusted returns. Chief investment officers use our extensive, high-quality data to develop and test investment strategies.  They also use our models and performance attribution tools to understand the drivers of return in their portfolios. Active managers rely on our factor models, data and portfolio construction and optimization tools to build portfolios and keep them aligned with their investment objectives. Passive managers use our index data, equity factor models and optimizer to construct their index funds and ETFs. Chief risk officers choose our risk management systems to understand, monitor and control risk in the portfolios they are safeguarding.              Our Commitment  Our core values are part of everything we do and our commitment to clients, shareholders and employees is paramount. We are committed to the future sustainability and transparency of the financial markets.  We create innovative products and services that allow our clients to make more informed investment decisions. We provide investors with critical performance measurement and risk management data and analytics.  Through our environmental, social and governance (ESG) research and applications we deliver insights, analysis and tools to support investment processes that incorporate sustainability considerations. MSCI is a proud signatory to the UN-backed Principles for Responsible Investment. We contribute to employees’ charitable giving efforts and support wellness initiatives in the U.S. For our over 2,600 global employees, we provide ongoing career development training and in 2015 we launched a global employee engagement initiative, Success @ MSCI. We are proud that some of our largest offices, representing nearly 70% of our global headcount, have achieved LEED and BREEAM Certifications.  Our U.S. based data centers follow best in class power usage effectiveness (PUE) practices, resulting in PUE that exceeds the industry average by nearly 34%.             Our History  Our long history has allowed us to build extensive databases of proprietary index, risk and ESG data, as well as accumulate valuable historical market data, which is difficult to replicate and provides us with a substantial competitive advantage.     Timeline    1969   MSCI was a pioneer in developing the market for global equity indexes. We began licensing our first equity index products in 1969.          1998   We were incorporated in 1998 and until we became a public company in November 2007 our only two shareholders were Morgan Stanley and Capital Group International. We became a fully independent, stand-alone public company in May 2009.          2004   In June 2004, we acquired Barra, a provider of portfolio risk analytics tools that launched its first risk analytics products in 1975. This broadened our product range beyond index products. Barra also owned FEA.         2010   In June 2010, we acquired RiskMetrics Group, a leading provider of risk management and governance products and services. In addition to this core product line, RiskMetrics owned Institutional Shareholder Services Inc. (ISS), a pioneer in the development of policy-based proxy voting recommendations. We sold ISS in April 2014. RiskMetrics also owned the Center for Financial Research and Analysis (CFRA), Innovest Strategic Value Advisors, Inc. and KLD Research and Analytics. We sold the CFRA product line in March 2013. Innovest and KLD Research are now known as MSCI ESG Research. Through MSCI ESG Research, we provide our clients with research reports and analytical tools covering environmental, social and governance investment criteria.           In July 2010, we acquired Measurisk, a provider of risk transparency and risk measurement tools for hedge fund investors. With our clients demanding increasing levels of transparency from their hedge fund managers, this acquisition helped us develop a broad platform and set the standard for analyzing and reporting hedge fund risk. Measurisk’s products are now part of our hedge fund risk transparency offering.       2012   In November 2012, we acquired real estate performance measurement group IPD. The acquisition of IPD expanded MSCI’s multi-asset class offering by facilitating the integration of private real estate assets into our models, as well as adding a family of real estate indexes to MSCI’s suite of equity indexes.        2013   In January 2013, we acquired InvestorForce, a leading provider of performance reporting tools to the institutional investment community in the United States. The InvestorForce offering enables us to provide consultants with integrated, daily monitoring, analysis of and reporting on institutional assets.        2014   In August 2014, we acquired Governance Holdings Co. (GMI Ratings), a provider of corporate governance research and ratings to institutional investors, banks, insurers, auditors, regulators and corporations seeking to incorporate ESG factors into risk assessment and decision-making. This acquisition enhanced our existing platform of ESG research and tools, allowing us to deliver a more comprehensive suite of ESG products and services to our clients.     2015 In October 2015, we acquired all of the assets of Insignis, a leading provider of daily automated collection, aggregation and management of financial data. We believe this acquisition will help us further automate the collection and integration of data across our risk and performance management platforms.                  Valuing Diversity and Inclusion  We are a global organization but we work as one team. The Company recognizes and values the diverse backgrounds and unique skill sets of all of us. MSCI is committed to developing a diverse workforce and maintaining an inclusive environment for every individual.                                            Back to Top     



MSCI Join our Team



 
































 



 

 




















                Skip to Content
            







 
Search






Search



 Cancel































            Quick
            Links
        




Join Our Team

As a world renowned and highly respected provider of investment decision tools, MSCI is an ideal place to build your career. 

The talent and passion of our people is crucial to our success. At MSCI, we offer a wide range of work and learning opportunities through our businesses.
We have a fast-paced yet collegial environment, which is created through global teamwork and close working relationships with different levels of management. 
Our primary goal is to recruit top-tier candidates, challenge their thinking, cultivate their talent and help them succeed. We remain dynamic and essential in the marketplace by recruiting and retaining superior talent.
If you are interested in joining MSCI's growing team of dedicated professionals, please have a look at our current job openings.







By Location


Mumbai, India (52)
        

Budapest, Hungary (29)
        

Monterrey, Mexico (24)
        

New York, NY (19)
        

Manila, Philippines (13)
        

London, United Kingdom (7)
        

Hong Kong, Hong Kong (4)
        

Chicago, IL (2)
        

Sydney, Australia (2)
        

Shanghai, China (2)
        

More...




By Job Category


Technology (54)
        

Client Coverage (38)
        

ESG (16)
        

Finance (11)
        

Data Services (11)
        

Corporate Services (7)
        

Research (6)
        

Index (5)
        

Real Estate (5)
        

Human Resources (3)
        

More...








Search Careers

Location

Location
Mumbai, India
        
Budapest, Hungary
        
Monterrey, Mexico
        
New York, NY
        
Manila, Philippines
        
London, United Kingdom
        
Hong Kong, Hong Kong
        
Chicago, IL
        
Sydney, Australia
        
Shanghai, China
        

            More...
        

Category

Job Category
Technology
        
Client Coverage
        
ESG
        
Finance
        
Data Services
        
Corporate Services
        
Research
        
Index
        
Real Estate
        
Human Resources
        

            More...
        


Search
Explore Careers























Join The MSCI Talent Network

                                                Join our Talent Community to receive emails about MSCI news and career opportunities - even if you haven't found the right job to apply to yet.
                                            


                                                    Join the MSCI Talent Network »
                                                






Valuing Diversity and Inclusion

                                                We are a global organization and we work as one team. The company recognizes and values the diverse backgrounds and unique skill sets of all of us. MSCI is committed to developing a diverse workforce and maintaining an inclusive environment for every individual.  
                                            


                                                    MSCI is a member of Catalyst »
                                                






Connect with us on LinkedIn

                                                Make sure to follow us on Linkedin to stay up to date on our research, products, culture and career opportunities.
                                            


                                                    Follow us on Linkedin »
                                                

















  






Back to Top



Back to Top

















﻿             ACWI - MSCI                                                                        Skip to Content          Search     Search    Cancel                 Home/What We Offer/Indexes/Modern Index Strategy/MSCI ACWI/                  Modern Index Strategy MSCI ACWI MSCI USA MSCI World MSCI EAFE MSCI Emerging markets MSCI Europe Single Countries Heat Map Index Categories Performance Index Resources Index Profiles                               MSCI ACWI Indexes offer a modern, seamless, and fully integrated approach to measuring the full equity opportunity set with no gaps or overlaps. MSCI ACWI represents the Modern Index Strategy and captures all sources of equity returns in 23 developed and 24 emerging markets.     1 As of Dec 31, 2016, as reported on March 31, 2017 by eVestment, Morningstar and Bloomberg..    MSCI ACWI Index market allocation       Historical research has shown that investment outcome success is predominately determined by the allocation decision process.2  Investors are increasingly looking beyond their home market toward the full global equity opportunity set as the starting point for their investments Allocation decisions that start with the full opportunity set can be adjusted based on investor goals, expertise, philosophy and constraints Not considering the full opportunity set can introduce unintended bets and biases/risks, and can be an investment decision in itself   2 G. Brinson, L. Randolf Hood and G. Beebower. (1986). ”Determinants of Portfolio Performance.” Financial Analysts Journal, July/August.                MSCI ACWI:  IT ONLY TAKES ONE INDEX TO CAPTURE THE WORLD Using an index in the investment process that accurately and consistently measures the full opportunity set is key to fully understanding and capturing all unique drivers of risk and return.   .   MSCI ACWI INDEX DAILY PERFORMANCE                                  FLAGSHIP BENCHMARKS   MSCI ACWI:  Covers more than 2,400 securities across large and mid-cap size segments and across style and sector segments in 47 developed and emerging markets. Performance | Factsheet MSCI ACWI Investable Market Index (IMI):  Covers more than 9,000 securities across large, mid and small-cap size segments and across style and sector segments in 47 developed and emerging markets. Performance | Factsheet MSCI ACWI All Cap Index:  Covers more than 14,000 securities and includes large, mid, small and micro-cap size segments for all developed markets countries plus large, mid and small-cap size segments for emerging markets. Performance | Factsheet                     APPLICATIONS  The MSCI ACWI Index provides a broad global equity benchmark to support:  Asset allocation: Consistent, complete representation that captures the full spectrum of the global equity opportunity set without home bias. Performance measurement and attribution: The industry-leading benchmark for global mandates, with regional, country, sector and other subsets available for more targeted investment mandates. Research: A trusted source for global equity markets and underlying security-level data for sell-side research. Investment product development: May be licensed for use as the basis for structured products and other index-linked investment vehicles, such as ETFs and ETNs.                 A BUILDING BLOCK APPROACH MSCI ACWI Indexes offer a building block approach with a rules-based, consistent and transparent methodology. Using MSCI ACWI as a framework to build portfolios helps to avoid unintended bets and risks. Robust foundation allows investors to measure exposure to all sources of equity returns using a single global framework.                                              MSCI ACWI MSCI ACWI captures large and mid cap representation across 23 Developed Markets (DM) and 24 Emerging Markets (EM) countries.  View the factsheet »                       MSCI ACWI ALL CAP The MSCI ACWI All Cap Index captures large, mid, small and micro cap representation across 23 Developed Markets (DM) countries and large, mid and small cap representation across 24 Emerging Markets (EM) countries.  View the factsheet »                       MSCI ACWI IMI The MSCI ACWI Investable Market Index (IMI) captures large, mid and small cap representation across 23 Developed Markets (DM) and 24 Emerging Markets (EM) countries.  View the factsheet »                                                Back to Top     ﻿             Risk Management - MSCI                                                                     Skip to Content          Search     Search    Cancel                 Home/What We Offer/Analytics/Risk Management/                             Risk Management The goal of investment risk management is to maximize a portfolio’s expected return for a given amount of risk through careful asset allocation.  To achieve this goal, investors need a robust feedback loop connecting all parts of the investment management process. MSCI’s powerful multi-asset class risk and performance platform supports our clients from asset allocation through implementation and reporting.  It gives front and middle offices a common language to use in identifying and communicating about the sources of market, credit, liquidity and counterparty risk. Ex post performance measurement provides a basis for understanding whether the sources of risk are aligned with the drivers of return. Throughout the process, clients can benefit from a single data load and reconciliation process for both risk and performance attribution analysis.             Flagship Products  Barra®One A multi-asset class, multi-currency risk and performance analytics platform that enables investors to use its risk forecasting model, correlated stress test engine and performance analytics together in an integrated fashion. Read more RiskMetrics® RiskManager A multi-asset class, scalable SaaS framework for enterprise-wide risk management.  RiskManager’s powerful analytical capabilities enable clients to quickly set up custom reports, run ad hoc analyses, perform exception management, design stress test scenarios and conduct what-if analysis. Read more RiskMetrics® CreditManager Sophisticated tools for consolidating and comparing risk and opportunities across an entire credit business -- including bonds, credit derivatives and traditional retail exposures. Read more RiskMetrics® HedgePlatform A service that helps investors to better manage their hedge fund investments using analytics calculated on the position-level holdings of each fund. Read more. Case Study: Using MSCI HedgePlatform for holdings-based risk management - A case study for the State of Wisconsin Investment Board.  RiskMetrics® WealthBench A web-based platform that helps wealth managers assess portfolio risk, construct asset allocation policy and create comprehensive client proposals. Read more FEA® @ENERGY and VaRWorks® A suite of quantitative analytics  for energy and commodity derivatives pricing and risk management. Read more.              Scenarios, Stress Tests and Strategies - Quarterly Report  Testing the ability of portfolios to withstand and survive extreme events has become a tool of choice for asset managers, financial institutions and regulators worldwide. MSCI’s “Scenarios, Stress Tests and Strategies” looks beyond the headlines to examine developments that may challenge investors. The quarterly report outlines adverse and positive scenarios and their implications for multi-asset class portfolios, connects observations about the macroeconomy with a set of risk factors that portfolios may be exposed to, and details how to translate select scenarios into stress tests using MSCI’s RiskMetrics® RiskManager, an industry leader in providing deep, multi-asset class risk analytics. Download the "Scenarios, Stress Tests and Strategies for Second Quarter 2016 Special Edition: The Rise of Populism" research paper   Surveys the drivers of populism and its rise in advanced economies; Assesses macroeconomic and market consequences of populist policies; and Evaluates two scenarios for populism: One in which a combination of protectionism and fiscal expansion weaken growth and fuel inflation, and a second in which Brexit leads to a breakup of the eurozone.    Download the "Scenarios, Stress Tests and Strategies for First Quarter 2016" research paper    Updates MSCI’s survey of 12 global stress points that can be a basis for scenario design Evaluates possible effects on portfolios of the U.K’s leaving the European Union and changes in the price of oil Reviews the principal asset classes in the preceding three months through the lens of factor models that investors use to manage risk and construct portfolios.    Download the "Scenarios, Stress Tests and Strategies – January 2016" research paper    Models additional interest-rate increases by the U.S. Federal Reserve and the effects of a further slowdown in China. Surveys risks in investment strategies and risk-taking across asset classes Reviews the performance of markets in 2015, including macroeconomic indicators and asset classes through the lens of factor models that investors use to manage risk and construct portfolios  Subscribe to MSCI Research              Stress Testing  Stress testing is used to identify potential losses due to event-related risks that may not be captured by standard Value at Risk (VaR) analysis. In addition to helping clients address regulatory requirements for stress testing, our extensive library of historical and predictive stress tests helps clients with business planning by giving them a clear view of their structural and tail risks. Our stress tests can be fully customized by adding shock parameters, correlation assumptions and other measures. For more information please read here.              Statistical Analysis  Our well-respected tools for statistical analysis provide clients with a broad range of risk calculations on a daily and weekly basis. One of our best-known statistical models is Value at Risk (VaR), which calculates the largest possible loss that could be incurred in a portfolio at a specific probability level over a given period of time. In December 2014, we proposed three methods for back-testing Expected Shortfall that are shown to be more powerful than the Basel VaR test. These tests generally require storing more information, but introduce no conceptual limitations or computational difficulties.      Statistical Models in Our Toolkit       Accrued Interest   Effective Convexity   Option Adjusted Spread Delta     Base Correlation Series Delta   Equity Delta   Option Adjusted Spread Gamma     Beta   Equity Gamma   Par Yield Spread Delta     Beta BB   Expected Shortfall   Par Yield Spread Sensitivities     Bond Equivalents   Exposure   Position Count     Break-Even Inflation   Exposure HP   Present Value     Cash-Flow at Risk   Factor Loading   Real Notional in Base Currency     CDO Correlation   Factor R-Squared   Real Notional in Local Currency     CDS Delta   Fair Spread Delta   Recovery Rate     Clean Present Value   Fair Spread Gamma   Return Simulation     Commodity Delta   Future Value   Risk Attribution Present Value     Commodity Gamma   FX Delta   Risk Contribution     Conditional Means Gains   Gamma Matrix   Spread Convexity     Correlation Reporting   Generalized PVBP   Spread Delta     Credit Spread   Greek Sensitivities   Spread Duration     CreditGrades Asset Volatility   Idiosyncratic OAS   Spread Gamma     Currency Delta   Incremental VaR   Standard Deviation     Currency Gamma  Interest Rate Delta (DV01)  Stress by Time       Delta   Interest Rate Gamma   Stress by Value     Delta Equivalents   Issuer OAS   Stress PV Delta     Discrete Real Yield   Key Rate Duration   Stress Test PV     Diversification Benefit   Marginal VaR   Theta     Dollar Delta   Market Returns   Time to Maturity     Dollar Gamma   Modified Convexity   Underlying Present Value     Dollar Total Gamma   Modified Duration   Value at Risk (VaR)     Duration   Notional in Base Currency   Vega    Earnings at Risk Notional in Local Currency Yield                   Regulatory Reporting  Regulators are producing an unprecedented flow of new rules and requirements, both within countries and across national and regional borders.  Risk managers relating to risk management are being challenged to aggregate results quickly, report on them consistently and comply with local reporting styles and formats. MSCI’s risk management tools and high-volume processing capability help clients address the ever-changing regulatory requirements both accurately and efficiently.  Our offering incorporates thought leadership, cutting-edge analytics and managed services. Download our Regulatory Reporting Service AIF/UCITS factsheet  Download our Regulatory Reporting Service Solvency II factsheet  Banking Regulation - We have been an active participant in the dialogue between the investment industry and banking regulators since the initial discussions on what became the 1996 Market Risk Amendment to the Basel Accord.   Recent comments from MSCI can be found here. Central Clearing of OTC Derivatives - We offer a comprehensive, risk-based margin calculation engine for clients to conduct pre-trade analysis and simulate margins and potential changes to clearinghouse rules as the market moves toward central clearing. Hedge Fund Reporting - MSCI is the industry leader in hedge fund risk reporting, serving over 100 leading hedge fund investors.  We work with fund administrators, software providers and hedge funds to produce measures required to address Form PF risk reporting requirements.  Custom report delivery is available via Managed Services. Insurance Regulation - We provide analytics and reporting services to help insurance firms address the risk disclosure and transparency requirements of regulators in multiple jurisdictions, as well as their policyholders, across both traditional and alternative investments. We also provide services that aid with gathering and normalization of data from multiple managers, administrators and custodians. Money Market Stress Tests - Our sophisticated stress testing tools help clients address the procedures required by the SEC to estimate the effect of tail events on liquidity, issuer concentration and shareholder redemptions.  In September 2014,  we submitted comments regarding the proposed rule by the SEC on the Money Market Fund Reform. Read the full comment Sample Regulatory Reports 40 Act reporting AIFMD reporting Basel III Monitoring Report CCAR stress testing Form PF Risk Report Market Risk-Based Capital Report Money market stress testing OPERA Report             Three Ways to Connect to Our Risk Engine       ASP   A highly flexible application that enables clients to quickly set up custom reports and perform ad hoc analysis to identify areas of risk.     Web Services   Direct, intraday access to MSCI’s risk engine through an XML-based process that offers integration with proprietary and third-party technology and maximizes speed of delivery.     Managed Services   A valet service in which a dedicated MSCI team provides administrative support and customized daily reports.                                   Syndicated loan risk analytics An industry-leading risk analytics model powered by comprehensive IHS Markit loan data.  Download the factsheet »                       Are convertibles bonds more like bonds or equities? Convertible bonds have “bonds” in their name but in reality they are complicated corporate securities with risk characteristics that often have little to do with straight bonds.  Read the blog post »                       Using MSCI HedgePlatform for holdings-based risk management In this case study, we show how SWIB employs the MSCI transparency service called HedgePlatform.  Read the case study »                                                   // ]]>    Back to Top     ﻿             MSCI contact us - MSCI                                                                        Skip to Content          Search     Search    Cancel                 Home/Contact Us/                                 Americas              EMEA              Asia Pacific                        Index, Barra and RiskMetrics products  For more about the Index and Barra products and services, please contact clientservice@msci.com For the RiskManager and CreditManager products and services, please contact support@msci.com Americas    General 1 888 588 4567 (toll free) San Francisco +1 415 836 8800   Atlanta +1 404 551 3212 São Paulo +55 11 3706 1360   Boston +1 617 532 0920 Toronto +1 416 628 1007   Chicago +1 312 675 0545   Monterrey +52 81 1253 4020   New York +1 212 804 3901    Asia Pacific    China North 10800 852 1032 (toll free) Singapore 800 852 3749 (toll free)   China South 10800 152 1032 (toll free) Sydney +612 9033 9333   Hong Kong +852 2844 9333 Taipei 008 0112 7513 (toll free)    India +91 22 6784 9160 Thailand 0018 0015 6207 7181 (toll free)        Malaysia 1800818185 (toll free) Tokyo +81 3 5290 1555   Seoul  +82-2-2158-8600    Europe, Middle East and Africa    Cape Town +27 21 673 0100   Frankfurt +49 69 133 859 00   Geneva +41 22 817 9777   London +44 20 7618 2222   Milan +39 025 849 0415   Paris 0800 91 59 17 (toll free)    When dialing MSCI's 24 hour Global Client Service lines, you have the following options: 1. MSCI Indexes or GICS 2. Barra Equity Model, Barra Aegis, Barra Portfolio Manager or AlphaBuilder 3. Barra Multi Asset Class Model, BarraOne 4. RiskMetrics RiskManager or CreditManager 5. ESG Research 6. Other questions For questions on invoices, please call +1 212 804 3996  Hedge Platform  For HedgePlatform support, please contact HedgePlatform_ClientSupport@msci.com or call +1 212 804 3905.  DataMetrics  For DataMetrics Support, please contact DataMetricsSupport@msci.com.  ESG  For Environmental, Social and Governance products and services, please contact ESG Client Service at esgclientservice@msci.com or call:   Americas +1 212 804 5299   Asia Pacific +612 9033 9339   Europe, Middle East and Africa +44 20 7618 2510    Real Estate  Please complete the following form if you would like to learn more about Real Estate solutions If you are an existing client with access to the IPD Reporting Portal, please email us at: realestate@msci.com. For press enquiries, please contact pr@msci.com or call +44 20 7618 2213. Americas    Canada +1 416 687 6284   U.S. +1 212 804 3900    Asia Pacific    Australia +61 2 9033 9300   Hong Kong + 852 2844 9333   Singapore + 65 6826 9339   Japan +81 3 5211 1455    Europe, Middle East and Africa    France +44 20 7336 4783 United Kingdom  +44 20 7336 9200     Germany +49 69 133 859 00 Italy + 44 20 7336 9684   Netherlands +31 88 328 22 00   South Africa  +27 21 673 0100   Spain +34 93 467 7403   Sweden +46 8 400 252 30    FEA Energy and Commodity Analytics  For more about FEA products and services, please contact fea_info@msci.com.For support, please contact fea_support@msci.com.  InvestorForce products  For InvestorForce support, please contact investorforceinfo@msci.com or call +1 484 351 7205.  Media Queries  To contact our press team and for more information on our press releases, please visit Our Press Room.  Accounts Payable Queries  For accounts payable queries please contact us on +1-212-981-1044  MSCI clients are able to access support resources, the “ask questions get answers” pages and the case management portal on the MSCI Client Support Site.  Submit a Question For specific questions about product offerings or our website, please submit the form below:                          By submitting your personal information to MSCI you acknowledge and consent to MSCI processing your personal information accordingly. This may involve the transfer of your personal information to the offices of MSCI and/or its authorized third parties in countries outside your country of residence, which may not have the same privacy legislation as your country of residence. You also consent to being contacted by MSCI regarding MSCI's products and services. MSCI reserves the right to refuse a registration as well as restrict the distribution of MSCI's publications, in MSCI's discretion.                                                       Back to Top     ﻿             MSCI Our story - MSCI                                                                       Skip to Content          Search     Search    Cancel                 Home/Who We Are/Our Story/                                   We are an independent provider of research-driven insights and tools for institutional investors.  We have deep expertise in the areas of risk and performance measurement that is based on more than 40 years of academic research, real-world experience and collaboration with our clients. Our broad product line supports clients’ needs across all major asset classes and provides them with a consistent way of looking at risk and performance from front to middle office.  We have a highly flexible business model that enables clients to select the individual products and services they need and integrate them into their own investment processes and methodologies. Asset owners use our research, data, benchmarks and multi-asset class risk management tools to determine whether the managers they hire are delivering appropriate risk-adjusted returns. Chief investment officers use our extensive, high-quality data to develop and test investment strategies.  They also use our models and performance attribution tools to understand the drivers of return in their portfolios. Active managers rely on our factor models, data and portfolio construction and optimization tools to build portfolios and keep them aligned with their investment objectives. Passive managers use our index data, equity factor models and optimizer to construct their index funds and ETFs. Chief risk officers choose our risk management systems to understand, monitor and control risk in the portfolios they are safeguarding.              Our Commitment  Our core values are part of everything we do and our commitment to clients, shareholders and employees is paramount. We are committed to the future sustainability and transparency of the financial markets.  We create innovative products and services that allow our clients to make more informed investment decisions. We provide investors with critical performance measurement and risk management data and analytics.  Through our environmental, social and governance (ESG) research and applications we deliver insights, analysis and tools to support investment processes that incorporate sustainability considerations. MSCI is a proud signatory to the UN-backed Principles for Responsible Investment. We contribute to employees’ charitable giving efforts and support wellness initiatives in the U.S. For our over 2,600 global employees, we provide ongoing career development training and in 2015 we launched a global employee engagement initiative, Success @ MSCI. We are proud that some of our largest offices, representing nearly 70% of our global headcount, have achieved LEED and BREEAM Certifications.  Our U.S. based data centers follow best in class power usage effectiveness (PUE) practices, resulting in PUE that exceeds the industry average by nearly 34%.             Our History  Our long history has allowed us to build extensive databases of proprietary index, risk and ESG data, as well as accumulate valuable historical market data, which is difficult to replicate and provides us with a substantial competitive advantage.     Timeline    1969   MSCI was a pioneer in developing the market for global equity indexes. We began licensing our first equity index products in 1969.          1998   We were incorporated in 1998 and until we became a public company in November 2007 our only two shareholders were Morgan Stanley and Capital Group International. We became a fully independent, stand-alone public company in May 2009.          2004   In June 2004, we acquired Barra, a provider of portfolio risk analytics tools that launched its first risk analytics products in 1975. This broadened our product range beyond index products. Barra also owned FEA.         2010   In June 2010, we acquired RiskMetrics Group, a leading provider of risk management and governance products and services. In addition to this core product line, RiskMetrics owned Institutional Shareholder Services Inc. (ISS), a pioneer in the development of policy-based proxy voting recommendations. We sold ISS in April 2014. RiskMetrics also owned the Center for Financial Research and Analysis (CFRA), Innovest Strategic Value Advisors, Inc. and KLD Research and Analytics. We sold the CFRA product line in March 2013. Innovest and KLD Research are now known as MSCI ESG Research. Through MSCI ESG Research, we provide our clients with research reports and analytical tools covering environmental, social and governance investment criteria.           In July 2010, we acquired Measurisk, a provider of risk transparency and risk measurement tools for hedge fund investors. With our clients demanding increasing levels of transparency from their hedge fund managers, this acquisition helped us develop a broad platform and set the standard for analyzing and reporting hedge fund risk. Measurisk’s products are now part of our hedge fund risk transparency offering.       2012   In November 2012, we acquired real estate performance measurement group IPD. The acquisition of IPD expanded MSCI’s multi-asset class offering by facilitating the integration of private real estate assets into our models, as well as adding a family of real estate indexes to MSCI’s suite of equity indexes.        2013   In January 2013, we acquired InvestorForce, a leading provider of performance reporting tools to the institutional investment community in the United States. The InvestorForce offering enables us to provide consultants with integrated, daily monitoring, analysis of and reporting on institutional assets.        2014   In August 2014, we acquired Governance Holdings Co. (GMI Ratings), a provider of corporate governance research and ratings to institutional investors, banks, insurers, auditors, regulators and corporations seeking to incorporate ESG factors into risk assessment and decision-making. This acquisition enhanced our existing platform of ESG research and tools, allowing us to deliver a more comprehensive suite of ESG products and services to our clients.     2015 In October 2015, we acquired all of the assets of Insignis, a leading provider of daily automated collection, aggregation and management of financial data. We believe this acquisition will help us further automate the collection and integration of data across our risk and performance management platforms.                  Valuing Diversity and Inclusion  We are a global organization but we work as one team. The Company recognizes and values the diverse backgrounds and unique skill sets of all of us. MSCI is committed to developing a diverse workforce and maintaining an inclusive environment for every individual.                                            Back to Top     MSCI Profile | MSCI Inc Stock - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets open in 2 hrs 54 minsS&P Futures2,476.25+2.25 (+0.09%)Dow Futures21,581.00+21.00 (+0.10%)MSCI Inc. (MSCI)NYSE - NYSE Delayed Price. Currency in USDAdd to watchlist110.26+1.28 (+1.17%)At close:  4:04PM EDTPeople also watchMKTXMTDVRSKMDFDSSummaryConversationsStatisticsProfileFinancialsOptionsHoldersHistorical DataAnalystsMSCI Inc.7 World Trade Center49th FloorNew York, NY 10007United States212-804-3900http://www.msci.comSector: TechnologyIndustry: Processing Systems & ProductsFull Time Employees: 2,897Key ExecutivesNameTitlePayExercisedAgeMr. Henry A. FernandezChairman and Chief Exec. Officer2.43MN/A59Ms. Kathleen A. WintersChief Financial Officer1.66MN/A49Mr. C. D. Baer PettitChief Operations Officer and Managing Director1.5M4.11M52Ms. Diana H. TiddHead of Index and Managing Director1.18MN/A47Mr. Laurent  SeyerChief Client Officer1.35MN/A53Amounts are as of December 31, 2016 and compensation values are for the last fiscal year ending on that date. Pay is salary, bonuses, etc. Exercised is the value of options exercised during the fiscal year. Currency in USD.DescriptionMSCI Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides products and services to support the needs of institutional investors throughout their investment processes worldwide. The company operates through four segments: Index, Analytics, ESG, and Real Estate. The Index segment primarily provides equity indexes for use in various areas of the investment process, including index-linked product creation and performance benchmarking, as well as portfolio construction and rebalancing, and asset allocation. The Analytics segment offers products and services that help institutional investors understand and control for market, credit, liquidity and counterparty risk across various major asset classes, spanning short, and medium and long-term time horizons; and products and services that assist institutional investors with portfolio construction, risk management, performance attribution and regulatory reporting, as well as uses analytical content to create products and services, which offer institutional investors an integrated view of risk and return. The ESG segment provides products and services that help institutional investors understand how environmental, social, and governance (ESG) factors impact the long-term risk of their investments; data and ratings products for use in the construction of equity and fixed income indexes to help institutional investors benchmark ESG investment performance and issue index-based investment products, as well as manage, measure, and report on ESG mandates. The Real Estate segment offers real estate performance analysis for funds, investors, managers, and lenders. This segment provides products and offer services that include research, reporting, and benchmarking; and business intelligence to real estate owners, managers, developers, and brokers. MSCI Inc. was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in New York, New York.Corporate GovernanceMSCI Inc.’s ISS Governance QualityScore as of July 1, 2017 is 3. The pillar scores are Audit: 1; Board: 2; Shareholder Rights: 3; Compensation: 6.Corporate governance scores courtesy of Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS).  Scores indicate decile rank relative to index or region. A decile score of 1 indicates lower governance risk, while a 10 indicates higher governance risk.Yahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)






MSCI Inc (MSCI.N)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: MSCI Inc (MSCI.N)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsProfessional Information Services












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				MSCI.N on New York Stock Exchange


				110.26USD
25 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $1.28


					            (+1.17%)
					        






Prev Close

$108.98


Open

$109.60




Day's High

$110.53


Day's Low

$109.37




Volume

243,770


Avg. Vol

131,386




52-wk High

$110.53


52-wk Low

$76.54












					Full Description



MSCI Inc. (MSCI), incorporated on July 2, 1998, offers products and services to support the needs of institutional investors throughout their investment processes. The Company's segments include Index, Analytics and All Other segment. All Other segment comprises environmental, social and governance (ESG) and Real Estate segments. The Company's products and services include the development and production of indexes and analytical models; the provision of ratings and analysis that identify environmental, social and governance risks and opportunities and the analysis of real estate in both privately and publicly owned portfolios.Index SegmentThe Company's indexes are used in various areas of the investment process, including index-linked product creation and performance benchmarking, as well as portfolio construction and rebalancing, and asset allocation. As of December 31, 2016, it calculated over 190,000 global equity indexes, which included approximately 7,300 custom indexes. Products in MSCI's Index segment include MSCI Global Equity Indexes, MSCI Custom Indexes, MSCI Factor Indexes, MSCI ESG Indexes, MSCI Real Estate Indexes and Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS). The MSCI Global Equity Indexes include the MSCI ACWI, MSCI World, MSCI EAFE, MSCI ACWI IMI, MSCI Emerging Market and MSCI USA Indexes. MSCI Global Equity Indexes include indexes and are designed to measure returns across various equity markets, sizes, and industries. As of December 31, 2016, it calculated indexes that covered more than 80 countries in developed, emerging and frontier markets, as well as various regional indexes built from the component country indexes.MSCI Custom Indexes can reflect specific investment criteria, such as socially responsible investment requirements or regulatory constraints. MSCI offers a suite of factor index families, including the high-exposure factor indexes (the MSCI Minimum Volatility Index), high capacity factor indexes (MSCI Value Weighted Indexes), combinations of single factor indexes (MSCI Quality Mix Index) and multi-factor indexes (MSCI Diversified Multiple-Factor Indexes). MSCI ESG Indexes are designed to meet the demand for indexes that integrate ESG criteria into benchmarks to measure performance for use by institutional investors who wish to adopt a long-term sustainable investment view. They enable clients to issue index-based ESG investment products, to benchmark the performance of ESG portfolios and to measure and report on compliance with ESG mandates. The MSCI ESG Indexes include SCI ACWI Sustainable Impact Index; Socially Responsible Investment (SRI) Indexes; Environmental Indexes, and custom indexes. Its Real Estate indexes cover sectors, factors, liquid real estate and custom indexes that span the real estate market. GICS is an industry analysis framework for investment research, portfolio management and asset allocation. It offers GICS Direct, a joint product of MSCI and Standard & Poor's.Analytics SegmentThe Analytics segment uses analytical content to create products and services, which offer institutional investors an integrated view of risk and return. Analytics products and services include RiskMetrics RiskManager, BarraOne, Barra Portfolio Manager, Barra Equity Models Direct, Barra Integrated Model, Barra Aegis, HedgePlatform, WealthBench, InvestorForce and CreditManager. RiskMetrics RiskManager is engaged in in Value at risk (VaR) simulation, stress testing and single security analytics. Clients use RiskManager for daily analysis, measuring and monitoring of market and liquidity risk at fund and firm levels, sensitivity and stress testing, interactive what-if analysis, counterparty credit exposure and regulatory risk reporting. RiskManager is a scalable platform accessed by clients via a license to a Web-based application service. RiskManager is also offered as an outsourced risk reporting service or as a Web service in which a client's systems access RiskManager's core risk elements by connecting directly to its systems. BarraOne, powered by the Barra Integrated Model (BIM), provides clients with global, multi-asset class risk analysis using Barra's fundamental factor methodology. BarraOne also includes VaR simulation, stress testing, optimization and performance attribution modules that enable clients to manage multi-asset class portfolios, carry out risk budgeting, manager monitoring, performance attribution and regulatory risk reporting. Barra Portfolio Manager is an integrated risk and performance platform that is designed to help fund managers and their teams gain additional portfolio insight, manage their investment process more systematically and make faster, more informed investment decisions.Barra Equity Models Direct includes Barra Global Total Market Models, Barra Regional Equity Models and Barra Single Country Equity Models. The risk data in Barra Equity Models Direct is also available via third-party providers. BIM provides a detailed view of risk across markets and asset classes, including currencies, equities, fixed income, commodities, mutual funds and hedge funds. Barra Aegis is an application for equity risk management and portfolio analysis that is powered by its equity risk data. HedgePlatform, a reporting service, allows clients that invest in hedge funds, including funds of funds, pension funds and endowments, to measure, evaluate and monitor the risk of their hedge fund investments across multiple hedge fund strategies. InvestorForce products offer performance reporting solutions to the institutional investment community in the United States by providing investment consultants with an integrated solution for daily monitoring of, analysis of and reporting on institutional assets. WealthBench is an investment planning platform for private banks, financial advisors, brokerages and trust companies. CreditManager is a portfolio credit risk management system used primarily by banks to calculate economic capital, facilitate risk-based pricing and measure credit risk concentrations.All Other SegmentAll Other segment comprises ESG products and Real Estate products. MSCI's ESG products include MSCI ESG Ratings, MSCI ESG Business Involvement Screening Research and MSCI ESG Governance Metrics. MSCI ESG Ratings are designed to identify ESG risks or opportunities that may not be captured through conventional analyses. MSCI ESG Business Involvement Screening Research is a screening service that is designed to enable institutional investors to manage ESG standards and restrictions. Managers, advisors and asset owners can access screening research through the online MSCI ESG Manager platform or a data feed to satisfy their clients' investment guidelines, implement client mandates and manage potential ESG portfolio risks. MSCI ESG Governance Metrics provides institutional investors with corporate governance research and data on public companies.MSCI's Real Estate products provide real estate performance analysis for funds, investors, managers and lenders. The Company provides products and offers services, including research, reporting and benchmarking. MSCI's Real Estate products comprise private real estate benchmarks and indexes branded IPD Group Limited (IPD) and include Portfolio Analysis Service (PAS), IPD Rental Information Service (IRIS) and IPD Global Intel. PAS is a single platform for real estate risk management and performance attribution that analyzes the strengths and weaknesses of a real estate portfolio's performance relative to its benchmark. PAS provides portfolio management tools that are designed to assist in building real estate portfolios, allowing users to gain additional portfolio insight to help them make informed investment decisions. IPD Global Intel is a databank that equips asset owners, researchers, strategists and portfolio and risk managers with data analytics to manage their understanding of local, regional and global real estate performance and risks. IPD Global Intel comprises a consolidated set of local, regional and global real estate performance and risks. IPD Global Intel comprises a consolidated set of global, regional, national, city and submarket indexes with breakdowns by property type. IRIS is a platform for managing real estate income risk based on the profile of a portfolio's contractual income. IRIS provides insight into the absolute and relative impact of four main income risk factors: lease term, embedded gain or loss from the contractual lease of each tenant based on the market rent for such lease, creditworthiness of tenant and concentrations of income across tenants, assets, markets and industry sectors.The Company competes with The London Stock Exchange Group PLC, CME Group, Inc., CME Group Services LLC, S&P Global Inc., WisdomTree and Goldman Sachs Asset Management, Axioma, Inc., BlackRock Solutions, Bloomberg Finance L.P. and FactSet Research Systems Inc.

» Full Overview of MSCI.N







					Company Address



MSCI Inc
7 World Trade Center250 Greenwich Street, 49Th FloorNEW YORK   NY   10007
P: +1212.8043990F: +1302.6555049







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Henry Fernandez

22,164,300




							 Kathleen Winters

6,823,660




							 Carroll D Baer Pettit

6,697,900




							 Scott Crum

--




							 Richard Napolitano

--




» More Officers & Directors





					MSCI Inc News




Hong Kong's ZZ Capital buys U.S. index provider Alerian

Jul 14 2017 
Hong Kong's biggest yuan ETF sees strong inflows on China 'A' shares MSCI inclusion

Jun 27 2017 
China blue-chips at 18-month high, MSCI talks up A-shares

Jun 26 2017 
China blue-chips hit 18-mth high on MSCI inclusion hopes; HK also up

Jun 26 2017 
EMERGING MARKETS-China stocks enjoy best week since November, rand firms

Jun 23 2017 


» More MSCI.N  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsProfessional Information Services
























    MSCI Key Statistics - MSCI Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































MSCI Inc.

                  NYSE: MSCI
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

MSCI Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 5:12 p.m.


MSCI

/quotes/zigman/487693/composite


$
110.26




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 31,396
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/487693/composite
Previous close

$
			108.98
		


$
				110.26
			
Change

+1.28
+1.17%





Day low
Day high
$109.25
$110.53










52 week low
52 week high

            $76.52
        

            $110.53
        

















			Company Description 


			MSCI, Inc. engages in providing decision support tools, including indices, portfolio risk and performance analytics and corporate governance products and services. The company operates through the following segments: Index, Analytics, ESG and Real Estate. The Index segment is used many areas of the ...
		


                MSCI, Inc. engages in providing decision support tools, including indices, portfolio risk and performance analytics and corporate governance products and services. The company operates through the following segments: Index, Analytics, ESG and Real Estate. The Index segment is used many areas of the investment process, including index-linked product creation and performance benchmarking, as well as portfolio construction and rebalancing, and asset allocation. The Analytics segment offers institutional investors an integrated view of risk and return. The ESG segment offers research and ratings that enable institutional investors to assess risks and opportunities arising from ESG issues, as well as evaluate both individual securities and investment portfolios. The Real Estate segment provides real estate performance analysis for funds, investors, managers, lenders and occupiers. MSCI was founded by Andrew Thomas Rudd in 1998 and is headquartered in New York, NY.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
40.36


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
36.52


P/E Ratio (without extraordinary items)
29.18


Price to Sales Ratio
6.61


Price to Book Ratio
22.64


Price to Cash Flow Ratio
17.49


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
20.13


Enterprise Value to Sales
9.77


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.23

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
402,051.00


Income Per Employee
91,144.00


Receivables Turnover
5.36


Total Asset Turnover
0.37

Liquidity

Current Ratio
1.97


Quick Ratio
1.97


Cash Ratio
1.48



Profitability

Gross Margin
71.02


Operating Margin
42.42


Pretax Margin
33.54


Net Margin
22.67


Return on Assets
8.37


Return on Equity
42.79


Return on Total Capital
10.70


Return on Invested Capital
10.70

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Equity
653.39


Total Debt to Total Capital
86.73


Total Debt to Total Assets
67.32


Long-Term Debt to Equity
653.39


Long-Term Debt to Total Capital
86.73





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Dr. Henry A. Fernandez 
57
1998
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer



Mr. C. D. Baer Pettit 
51
2000
Chief Operating Officer



Ms. Kathleen A. Winters 
48
2016
Chief Financial Officer



Dr. Peter J. Zangari 
50
2011
Global Head-Research & Product Development



Mr. Tom  Gwydir 
-
-
Chief Technology Officer





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





07/03/2017

C. D. Baer Pettit 
Chief Operating Officer

2,083


 
Disposition at $103.44 per share.


215,465


06/05/2017

C. D. Baer Pettit 
Chief Operating Officer

2,083


 
Disposition at $103.97 per share.


216,569


05/31/2017

Alice Warner Handy 
Director

69


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/31/2017

Ben F. duPont 
Director

8


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/31/2017

Catherine R. Kinney 
Director

49


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/08/2017

C. D. Baer Pettit 
Chief Operating Officer

2,083


 
Disposition at $99.57 per share.


207,404


05/02/2017

Kathleen A. Winters 
Chief Financial Officer

10,866


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $101.94 per share.


1,107,680


05/01/2017

Alice Warner Handy 
Director

844


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

Alice Warner Handy 
Director

1,395


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

George William Siguler 
Director

1,395


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

Rodolphe M. Vallee 
Director

1,644


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

Ben F. duPont 
Director

49


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

Ben F. duPont 
Director

1,395


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

Catherine R. Kinney 
Director

894


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

Catherine R. Kinney 
Director

1,395


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

Linda H. Riefler 
Director

1,395


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

Patrick J. Tierney 
Director

1,395


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

Robert G. Ashe 
Director

1,043


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

Robert G. Ashe 
Director

1,395


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

Wendy E. Lane 
Director

1,395


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

Wayne Edmunds 
Director

1,395


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

Jacques Pierre Perold 
Director

1,395


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/01/2017

Robert G. Ashe 
Director

413


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $100.63 per share.


41,560


04/28/2017

Robert G. Ashe 
Director

725


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $100.32 per share.


72,732


04/03/2017

C. D. Baer Pettit 
Chief Operating Officer

2,083


 
Disposition at $97.47 per share.


203,030


03/15/2017

Alice Warner Handy 
Director

65


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/15/2017

Ben F. duPont 
Director

5


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/15/2017

Catherine R. Kinney 
Director

44


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/06/2017

C. D. Baer Pettit 
Chief Operating Officer

2,083


 
Disposition at $94.96 per share.


197,801


03/06/2017

Jacques Pierre Perold 
Director

213


 
Award at $0 per share.


0








/news/latest/company/us/msci

      MarketWatch News on MSCI
    




 Why one analyst calls this the ‘chart of the week, month and potentially year’
10:38 a.m. July 22, 2017
 - Shawn Langlois




 Vote of confidence for China’s stock market: BlackRock wants to include mainland shares in benchmarks
9:43 a.m. April 20, 2017
 - Gregor Stuart Hunter




 Stock market rallies to the close as Fed hikes interest rates
4:33 p.m. March 15, 2017
 - Sue Chang




 MSCI stock price target raised to $107 from $95 at CFRA Research
3:51 p.m. March 15, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore




 MSCI's stock pulls back sharply after buyout talks denied
12:04 p.m. March 15, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore




 MSCI's stock halted for news pending
10:58 a.m. March 15, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore




 MSCI's stock was up 9.8% prior to trading halt
10:59 a.m. March 15, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore




 MSCI's stock rockets to record high after report of S&P Global buyout bid
10:05 a.m. March 15, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Snap judgments: Why so much negative sentiment surrounds year’s hottest IPO
7:30 a.m. March 13, 2017
 - Therese Poletti




 U.S. benchmarks extend technical breakouts amid persistently buoyant VIX
12:26 p.m. Feb. 15, 2017
 - Michael Ashbaugh




 How China matters to your 401(k)
6:03 a.m. Sept. 27, 2016
 - Lingling Wei




 Dow industrials back for another crack at first support
11:31 a.m. July 25, 2016
 - Michael Ashbaugh




 MSCI started at outperform with $88 stock price target at Credit Suisse
9:07 a.m. July 12, 2016
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Chinese stocks edge higher after fresh liquidity
6:55 a.m. March 31, 2016
 - Dominique Fong




 Marriage of crude-oil prices, stocks at historic level
2:44 p.m. Feb. 22, 2016
 - Mark DeCambre




 Charting the S&P 500’s bull-bear inflection points
12:40 p.m. Dec. 23, 2015
 - Michael Ashbaugh




 MSCI upgraded to market perform from underperform at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
9:33 a.m. Nov. 2, 2015
 - Tomi Kilgore




 MSCI says China faces complex process to join index
12:43 a.m. June 30, 2015
 - Mia Lamar




 China’s MSCI reality check is too big to ignore
5:14 p.m. June 15, 2015
 - Craig Stephen




 China stocks will have to wait to join big MSCI index
5:28 p.m. June 10, 2015
 - Michael Kitchen


Loading more headlines...







/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/msci

      Other News on MSCI
    





Ex-Wives and Kids’ Schools: Digging for Dirt on Chinese Stocks Gets Personal

5:31 a.m.  Today5:31 a.m. July 26, 2017
 - The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition





What's in the Cards for Verizon (VZ) this Earnings Season?

8:07 a.m. July 24, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Here’s the One Market Where Tech Stocks Aren’t in Charge 

9:00 a.m. July 23, 2017
 - The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition





Will AT&T (T) Disappoint Investors this Earnings Season?

8:19 a.m. July 21, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Argentina: Not Quite Ready For Prime Time

7:56 a.m. July 20, 2017
 - benzinga.com




 Argentina: Not Quite Ready For Prime Time
7:56 a.m. July 20, 2017
 - Benzinga.com





What's in Store for America Movil (AMX) in Q2 Earnings?

3:45 p.m. July 17, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Will Qualcomm (QCOM) Disappoint Investors in Q3 Earnings?

10:25 a.m. July 17, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Will T-Mobile US (TMUS) Disappoint Investors in Q2 Earnings?

10:20 a.m. July 17, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Check Point (CHKP) to Post Q2 Earnings: Is a Beat in Store?

9:44 a.m. July 17, 2017
 - Zacks.com





China’s CICC Jumps Into U.S. ETF Market 

4:44 p.m. July 11, 2017
 - The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition





Dow Industrials Rebound After Midday Dip

4:26 p.m. July 11, 2017
 - The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition





The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: MSCI, TE Connectivity, WESCO International, Check Point Software Technologies and Woodward

9:30 a.m. July 11, 2017
 - Zacks.com





5 Tech Stocks Ready for Big Earnings Beats

8:46 a.m. July 11, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





6 Technology Stocks Set to Beat Estimates in Q2 Earnings

12:46 p.m. July 10, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Fox Run Management, L.l.c. Buys MSCI Inc, United Continental Holdings Inc, Brooks Automation ...

12:38 p.m. July 10, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Here's Why You Should Hold on to FactSet (FDS) Stock Now

9:57 a.m. June 30, 2017
 - Zacks.com





3 Tech Stocks: Exciting Profit Prospects - Some Startling Contrasts

9:40 p.m. June 28, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





FactSet (FDS) Beats Q3 Earnings Estimates, Misses Revenues

6:44 a.m. June 28, 2017
 - Zacks.com





MSCI Already Talking About Adding More Chinese Stocks

10:57 p.m. June 27, 2017
 - The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

MSCI, Inc.
7 World Trade Center
250 Greenwich Street
49th floor
New York, New York 10007




Phone
1 2128043900


Industry
Finance Companies


Sector
Financial Services


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$1.15B


Net Income
$260.86M


2016 Sales Growth 
7.0%


Employees

        2,862


Annual Report for MSCI











/news/pressrelease/company/us/msci

      Press Releases on MSCI
    




 MSCI Schedules Investor Conference Call to Review Second Quarter 2017 
      Results
5:00 p.m. July 14, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Results of MSCI 2017 Market Classification Review
6:10 p.m. June 20, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 REMINDER: MSCI to Announce 2017 Market Classification Review
8:00 a.m. June 19, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 MSCI to Announce 2017 Market Classification Review
8:26 a.m. June 12, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 MSCI to Present at William Blair 37th Annual 
      Growth Stock Conference and Morgan Stanley Financials Conference
5:00 p.m. June 1, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Research Reports Coverage on Tech Stocks -- Symantec, Check Point Software Technologies, MSCI Inc., and CoreLogic
6:35 a.m. June 1, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 MSCI Equity Indexes May 2017 Index Review
6:15 p.m. May 15, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 MSCI May Semi-Annual Index Review Announcement Scheduled for May 15, 
      2017
5:43 p.m. May 8, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 MSCI Reports Financial Results for First Quarter 2017
7:05 a.m. May 4, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Tech Stocks Under Scanner -- Flex Ltd, Jabil Circuit, TTM Technologies, and MSCI Inc.
6:50 a.m. April 21, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 MSCI Names Arun Sinha Chief Marketing Officer
8:00 a.m. April 20, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 MSCI Schedules Investor Conference Call to Review First Quarter 2017 
      Results
5:21 p.m. April 17, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 MSCI Issues Statement Regarding Recent Media Reports
11:17 a.m. March 15, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 MSCI to Present at the Raymond James 38th 
      Annual Institutional Investors Conference
6:00 p.m. March 2, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Tech Stocks Under Scanner -- Flex, Jabil Circuit, TTM Technologies, and MSCI Inc.
8:50 a.m. March 2, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 MSCI’s ACWI Index, Gauge of Global Equities, Hits All-Time High
9:09 a.m. Feb. 23, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 MSCI to Present at J.P. Morgan Global High Yield & Leveraged Finance 
      Conference
6:00 p.m. Feb. 22, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 MSCI Equity Indexes February 2017 Index Review
6:43 p.m. Feb. 9, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 MSCI February Quarterly Index Review Announcement Scheduled for 
      February 9, 2017
6:59 p.m. Feb. 2, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Assets in Equity ETFs Linked to MSCI Indexes Reach All-Time High of 
      $511 Billion
8:45 a.m. Feb. 2, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




6:36 AM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:15aAnthem sees FY17 adjusted EPS of more than $11.70  
6:09aAnthem Q2 adjusted EPS $3.37 vs. $3.33
6:05aAnthem raises Q3 dividend by 5 cents a share to 70 cents 
6:04aAnthem Q2 net EPS $3.16 vs. $2.91 year ago 
6:04aAnthem Q2 revenue $22.41 billion vs. $21.46 billion year ago 
6:03aU.K. to ban new diesel, gasoline cars by 2040
5:59aFTSE 100 gains ground as ITV bounces up
5:57a Earnings preview: Shell to get lift from oil rise
5:54aUPS earnings: How much will Prime packages cut into margins?
5:53aPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
5:53aBoeing earnings: Management will likely make a big deal about its services business
5:52aAMD earnings give investors what they wanted — now it must deliver on servers
5:50aFord earnings: Investors await new CEO’s plans to turn company, stock around 
5:50aFacebook earnings: After a sudden change,  Instagram is in focus
5:49aThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
5:48aGreece returns to bond market, but don’t sound the all-clear signal
5:21aIf you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one
5:20aU.S. stock futures steady as market waits for Fed decision, earnings rush
5:19aThe Apple Car could run traditional automakers off the road
5:16aWho’s brave enough to make the ultimate contrarian bet: coal stocks
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































MSCI Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 6:36 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of MSCI Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
MSCI Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides products and services to support the needs of institutional investors throughout their investment processes worldwide. The company operates through four segments: Index, Analytics, ESG, and Real Estate. The Index segment primarily provides equity indexes for use in various areas of the investment process, including index-linked product creation and performance benchmarking, as well as portfolio construction and rebalancing, and asset allocation. The Analytics segment offers products and services that help institutional investors understand and control for market, credit, liquidity and counterparty risk across various major asset classes, sp...
MSCI Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides products and services to support the needs of institutional investors throughout their investment processes worldwide. The company operates through four segments: Index, Analytics, ESG, and Real Estate. The Index segment primarily provides equity indexes for use in various areas of the investment process, including index-linked product creation and performance benchmarking, as well as portfolio construction and rebalancing, and asset allocation. The Analytics segment offers products and services that help institutional investors understand and control for market, credit, liquidity and counterparty risk across various major asset classes, spanning short, and medium and long-term time horizons; and products and services that assist institutional investors with portfolio construction, risk management, performance attribution and regulatory reporting, as well as uses analytical content to create products and services, which offer institutional investors an integrated view of risk and return. The ESG segment provides products and services that help institutional investors understand how environmental, social, and governance (ESG) factors impact the long-term risk of their investments; data and ratings products for use in the construction of equity and fixed income indexes to help institutional investors benchmark ESG investment performance and issue index-based investment products, as well as manage, measure, and report on ESG mandates. The Real Estate segment offers real estate performance analysis for funds, investors, managers, and lenders. This segment provides products and offer services that include research, reporting, and benchmarking; and business intelligence to real estate owners, managers, developers, and brokers. MSCI Inc. was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in New York, New York.
Detailed Description


7 World Trade Center49th Floor250 Greenwich StreetNew York, NY 10007United StatesFounded in 19982,897 Employees



Phone: 212-804-3900

Fax: 212-981-7401

www.msci.com







Key Executives for MSCI Inc.




Mr. Henry A. Fernandez


      	Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 59
        

Total Annual Compensation: $950.0K








Ms. Kathleen A. Winters


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 49
        

Total Annual Compensation: $750.0K








Mr. C. D. Baer Pettit


      	Chief Operations Officer and Managing Director
      


Age: 52
        

Total Annual Compensation: $454.8K








Dr. Peter J. Zangari Ph.D.


      	Global Head of Research and Product Development
      


Age: 49
        

Total Annual Compensation: $525.0K








Mr. Laurent Seyer


      	Chief Client Officer
      


Age: 53
        

Total Annual Compensation: $481.6K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

MSCI Inc. Key Developments

MSCI Inc. - Special Call
Jun 12 17
MSCI Inc. - Special Call


MSCI Inc. Presents at Macquarie Global Quantitative Research Conference 2017, Jun-20-2017
Jun 9 17
MSCI Inc. Presents at Macquarie Global Quantitative Research Conference 2017, Jun-20-2017 . Venue: Four Seasons Hong Kong, Hong Kong. Speakers: Oleg Ruban.


MSCI Inc. Presents at Morgan Stanley Financials Conference, Jun-14-2017 01:55 PM
Jun 1 17
MSCI Inc. Presents at Morgan Stanley Financials Conference, Jun-14-2017 01:55 PM. Venue: InterContinental New York Barclay Hotel, New York, New York, United States. Speakers: Diana H. Tidd, Head of Index and Managing Director, Kathleen A. Winters, Chief Financial Officer.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Buyback

			      October 28, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact MSCI Inc., please visit www.msci.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


































Msci Inc - MSCI - Stock Price Today - Zacks






























Quote Overview


Stock Activity



Open
109.60


Day Low
109.25


Day High
110.53


52 Wk Low
76.52


52 Wk High
110.53


Avg. Volume
336,844


Market Cap
9.97 B


Dividend
1.12 ( 1.03%)


Beta
1.03





Key Earnings Data



Earnings ESP 
2.22%


Most Accurate Est
0.92


Current Qtr Est
0.90


Current Yr Est
3.65


Exp Earnings Date
*BMO8/3/17


Prior Year EPS
3.03


Exp EPS Growth (3-5yr)12.50%


Forward PE
29.84


PEG Ratio
2.39













Computer and Technology » Business - Software Services



*BMO = Before Market Open *AMC = After Market Close


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find earnings surprises by focusing on the most recent analyst revisions. This is done because, generally speaking, if an analyst reevaluates their earnings estimate right before an earnings release, it means that they have fresh information which could potentially be more accurate than what analysts thought about a company two or three months ago.
The crux of this approach is comparing the Most Accurate Estimate to the Zacks Consensus Estimate, although the Zacks Rank is also an important feature of the ESP metric. Combining these two can help investors find stocks that are ready to beat the consensus at their next report, and hopefully surge higher in price too.
In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time. And best of all, by using these parameters, investors have seen 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings





Research Report for MSCI



All Zacks’ Analyst Reports



Premium Research for MSCI





Zacks Rank


 Buy 2



Zacks Industry Rank
 Top 16%(42 out of 265)


Zacks Sector Rank
 Top 38% (6  out of 16) 



Style Scores

D Value | B Growth | B Momentum | C VGM




Earnings ESP


2.22%



Research Report for MSCI

Snapshot





This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to get access to the Zacks Rank


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings


This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The three scores are based on the trading styles of Growth, Value, and Momentum.


Growth Score
A


Value Score
A


Momentum Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports

(  = Change in last 30 days) 
View All Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys





Premium Research: Industry Analysis



Top Peers
Symbol
Zacks Rank




MSCI Inc
MSCI



Synnex Corporation
SNX



Guidewire Software, Inc.
GWRE



Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation
CTSH



CommerceHub, Inc.
CHUBA



Q2 Holdings, Inc.
QTWO



QAD Inc.
QADA




See all Business - Software Services Peers


 




Zacks News for MSCI

What's in the Cards for Verizon (VZ) this Earnings Season?
07/24/17-7:07AM EST  Zacks

Will AT&T (T) Disappoint Investors this Earnings Season?
07/21/17-7:19AM EST  Zacks

MSCI: What are Zacks experts saying now?

Zacks Private Portfolio Services

What's in Store for America Movil (AMX) in Q2 Earnings?
07/17/17-2:45PM EST  Zacks

Will Qualcomm (QCOM) Disappoint Investors in Q3 Earnings?
07/17/17-9:25AM EST  Zacks

Will T-Mobile US (TMUS) Disappoint Investors in Q2 Earnings?
07/17/17-9:20AM EST  Zacks




Company Summary
MSCI Inc. is a leading provider of investment decision support tools to investment institutions worldwide. MSCI Inc. products include indices and portfolio analytics for use in managing equity, fixed income and multi-asset class portfolios.   





 












MSCI Inc - NYSE:MSCI - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















MSCI Inc (MSCI)
Follow




                                110.26
                            







                        NYSE : Financial
                    

Jul 25, 2017 4:04 PM EDT












Prev Close
  110.26


Day Low/High

                                    0.00 /
                                    0.00


52 Wk Low/High

                                    76.52 /
                                    110.53
                                


Avg Volume 
396.40K











Exchange
NYSE


Shares Outstanding
90.46M


Market Cap
9.86B


EPS
2.70


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            37.58
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            1.12
                                            (1.00%)

                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









Here Is Another Reason Why Blue Apron Is Facing an Investor Backlash











MSCI Schedules Investor Conference Call To Review Second Quarter 2017 Results

















Here Comes a $400 Billion Cash Infusion Into Chinese Stocks, BlackRock Predicts
The head of BlackRock's China equities thinks China could grow to represent 40% of MSCI emerging market indexes.

Jun 28, 2017 9:10 AM EDT













MSCI Agrees To Include Domestically Listed Chinese Stocks
MSCI just freed funds to back the world's No.1 appliance maker and No.2 drinks group

Jun 21, 2017 5:55 AM EDT









Results Of MSCI 2017 Market Classification Review
MSCI Inc. (NYSE:MSCI), a leading provider of global equity indexes, announced today that beginning in June 2018, it will include China A shares in the MSCI Emerging Markets Index and the MSCI ACWI Index.

Jun 20, 2017 6:10 PM EDT









REMINDER: MSCI To Announce 2017 Market Classification Review
MSCI Inc. (NYSE:MSCI) will be releasing the results of its Annual Market Classification Review on June 20, 2017.

Jun 19, 2017 8:00 AM EDT









MSCI To Announce 2017 Market Classification Review
MSCI Inc. (NYSE: MSCI) will be releasing the results of its Annual Market Classification Review on June 20, 2017.

Jun 12, 2017 8:26 AM EDT









MSCI To Present At William Blair 37th Annual Growth Stock Conference And Morgan Stanley Financials Conference
MSCI Inc. (NYSE:MSCI), a leading provider of portfolio construction and risk management tools and services for global investors, announced today that Henry Fernandez, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Kathleen...

Jun 1, 2017 5:00 PM EDT













Young Guns of Activism Join Boards at AIG, SunOpta and DepoMed
A review of data produced by BoardEx reveals that many big and small activist-targeted corporate boards feature young directors in their early-to-mid 30s who work for insurgent fund managers

May 23, 2017 3:40 PM EDT









MSCI Equity Indexes May 2017 Index Review
MSCI Inc. (NYSE: MSCI), a leading provider of research-based indexes and analytics, announced today the results of the May 2017 Semi-Annual Index Review for the MSCI Equity Indexes - including the MSCI Global Standard,...

May 15, 2017 6:15 PM EDT









MSCI May Semi-Annual Index Review Announcement Scheduled For May 15, 2017
MSCI Inc. (NYSE:MSCI), a leading provider of research-based indexes and analytics, will announce the results of the May 2017 Semi-Annual Index Review for the MSCI Equity Indexes - including the MSCI Global Standard, MSCI...

May 8, 2017 5:43 PM EDT









MSCI Reports Financial Results For First Quarter 2017
MSCI Inc. (NYSE:MSCI), a leading provider of portfolio construction and risk management tools and services for global investors, today announced results for the three months ended March 31, 2017 ("first quarter 2017").

May 4, 2017 7:05 AM EDT









MSCI Names Arun Sinha Chief Marketing Officer
MSCI Inc. (NYSE:MSCI) announced today that Arun Sinha has joined the firm as Chief Marketing Officer and will be a member of the firm's Executive Committee.

Apr 20, 2017 8:00 AM EDT









MSCI Schedules Investor Conference Call To Review First Quarter 2017 Results
MSCI Inc. (NYSE:MSCI), a leading provider of portfolio construction and risk management tools for global investors, today announced that it will release its results for first quarter 2017 on Thursday, May 4, 2017.

Apr 17, 2017 5:21 PM EDT













How to Trade Wednesday's Most Active Stocks: Lloyds, Arena Pharma, MSCI and More
Here's how to trade six of the most active names on the market today.

Mar 15, 2017 2:36 PM EDT













Jim Cramer Previews the Fed Statement and Talks Apple, Oil, Amgen and MSCI
TheStreet's Jim Cramer discusses Wednesday's trending stocks.

Mar 15, 2017 12:52 PM EDT













Jim Cramer: Bid-Target MSCI a Great Resource for Investors
MSCI reportedly rejected a $120 a share bid by the financial data firm S&P Global; Cramer called MSCI a 'favorite' and lauded the company's long-time CEO Henry Fernandez. .

Mar 15, 2017 11:41 AM EDT









MSCI Issues Statement Regarding Recent Media Reports
MSCI Inc. (NYSE:MSCI), a leading provider of portfolio construction and risk management tools and services for global investors, today issued the following statement regarding recent media reports: "We do not...

Mar 15, 2017 11:17 AM EDT









MSCI To Present At The Raymond James 38th Annual Institutional Investors Conference
MSCI Inc. (NYSE: MSCI), a leading provider of portfolio construction and risk management tools and services for global investors, announced today that Kathleen Winters, Chief Financial Officer, will speak at the Raymond...

Mar 2, 2017 5:00 PM EST









MSCI's ACWI Index, Gauge Of Global Equities, Hits All-Time High
MSCI Inc. (NYSE:MSCI) announced today that the MSCI ACWI Index, the company's flagship gauge of global equity markets, closed Wednesday at 866.

Feb 23, 2017 8:09 AM EST









MSCI To Present At J.P. Morgan Global High Yield & Leveraged Finance Conference
MSCI Inc. (NYSE: MSCI), a leading provider of portfolio construction and risk management tools and services for global investors, announced today that Kathleen Winters, Chief Financial Officer, will speak at the J.

Feb 22, 2017 5:00 PM EST









MSCI Triples The Number Of Its Private Real Estate Indexes Available On Global Intel PLUS
MSCI Inc. (NYSE: MSCI), a leading provider of research-based indexes and analytics, announced today a major expansion of its data set and analytical tools designed to help investors in commercial private real estate...

Feb 14, 2017 9:57 AM EST









MSCI Equity Indexes February 2017 Index Review
MSCI Inc. (NYSE:MSCI), a leading provider of research-based indexes and analytics, announced today the results of the February 2017 Quarterly Index Review for the MSCI Equity Indexes - including the MSCI Global Standard,...

Feb 9, 2017 5:43 PM EST









MSCI February Quarterly Index Review Announcement Scheduled For February 9, 2017
MSCI Inc. (NYSE: MSCI), a leading provider of research-based indexes and analytics, will announce the results of the February 2017 Quarterly Index Review for the MSCI Equity Indexes - including the MSCI Global Standard,...

Feb 2, 2017 5:59 PM EST









Assets In Equity ETFs Linked To MSCI Indexes Reach All-Time High Of $511 Billion
MSCI Inc. (NYSE:MSCI) announced today that assets in equity exchange-traded funds (ETFs) linked to its indexes reached an all-time high of $511 billion on January 27, 2017, up 28% from the same period a year earlier.

Feb 2, 2017 7:45 AM EST









MSCI Makes Appointments To Drive Product And Service Innovation And Promote Growth
MSCI Inc. (NYSE: MSCI) today announced changes to its senior management team designed to drive product and service innovation and promote growth.

Feb 2, 2017 7:30 AM EST









Jacques P. Perold Elected To MSCI Inc. Board Of Directors
MSCI Inc. (NYSE: MSCI), a leading provider of investment decision support tools worldwide, including indexes and portfolio risk and performance analytics products, today announced that Jacques P.

Feb 2, 2017 7:15 AM EST









MSCI Reports Financial Results For Fourth Quarter And Full-Year 2016
MSCI Inc. (NYSE:MSCI), a leading provider of portfolio construction and risk management tools and services for global investors, today announced results for the three months ended December 31, 2016 ("fourth quarter 2016")...

Feb 2, 2017 7:00 AM EST









Apple Jumps on Strong Earnings
I sold Mosaic and GoPro and caught profitable exits on both near intraday highs. I also bought Oshkosh and Westmoreland Coal.

Feb 1, 2017 5:15 PM EST













MSCI Schedules Investor Conference Call To Review Fourth Quarter And Full-Year 2016 Results
MSCI Inc. (NYSE: MSCI), a leading provider of portfolio construction and risk management tools for global investors, today announced that it will release its results for fourth quarter and full-year 2016 on Thursday,...

Jan 18, 2017 5:00 PM EST



















Next






Load More









Quant Rating on 4:04 PM EDT 7/25/2017


B+
(Buy)






Get the (MSCI) Report Here 







From Our Partners



What's in the Cards for Verizon (VZ) this Earnings Season?

Zacks



Will AT&T (T) Disappoint Investors this Earnings Season?

Zacks



MSCI initiated with an Equal Weight at Barclays

The Fly



What's in Store for America Movil (AMX) in Q2 Earnings?

Zacks



Will Qualcomm (QCOM) Disappoint Investors in Q3 Earnings?

Zacks



Will T-Mobile US (TMUS) Disappoint Investors in Q2 Earnings?

Zacks



Check Point (CHKP) to Post Q2 Earnings: Is a Beat in Store?

Zacks



The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: MSCI, TE Connectivity, WESCO International, Check Point Software Technologies and Woodward

Zacks



6 Technology Stocks Set to Beat Estimates in Q2 Earnings

Zacks



Here's Why You Should Hold on to FactSet (FDS) Stock Now

Zacks



3 Tech Stocks: Exciting Profit Prospects - Some Startling Contrasts

SeekingAlpha



FactSet (FDS) Beats Q3 Earnings Estimates, Misses Revenues

Zacks



Trump Slump to Oil Slide: Top ETF Stories of First-Half 2017

Zacks



FactSet (FDS) to Post Q3 Earnings: Disappointment in Store?

Zacks



No Oil Worries: MSCI Pushes Saudi ETF Higher

Zacks



























TheStreet
Quant Rating:

B+ (Buy)



Get the (MSCI) Report Here 













 











Trending


AMD Surges in Premarket Trading After Chipmaker Blows Wall Street Away


Ford and the Fed - 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Wednesday


We Found 9 Products on Amazon With Inflated Discount Rates


Advanced Micro Devices Could Explode Another 17% Within Hours: Chart


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Executive Officers - MSCI































































 




  

 Search 



Search




Cancel











 


   Navigation  Navigation 
 






 Our Story
 Our Leadership
Recognition
 Investor Relations

Investor News
Events & Presentations
SEC Filings
Annuals and Proxies
Corporate Governance
Executive Officers
Contact Us


 Our Press Room
 Join Our Team

 Job Opportunities












 


 



Home/Who We Are/
Investor Relations/
Executive Officers





 

 


 


   Navigation  Navigation 
 






 Our Story
 Our Leadership
Recognition
 Our Press Room
 Join Our Team

 Job Opportunities


 Investor Relations

Investor News
Events & Presentations
SEC Filings
Annuals and Proxies
Corporate Governance
Executive Officers
Contact Us












 







Henry A. Fernandez
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Read Bio 



Rick Bogdan
General Counsel
Read Bio 



Remy Briand
Head of ESG and Real Estate Product
Read Bio 



Scott A. Crum
Chief Human Resources Officer
Read Bio 



Tom Gwydir
Chief Technology Officer
Read Bio 



Jorge Mina
Head of Analytics
Read Bio 



Richard J. Napolitano
Principal Accounting Officer and Global Controller
Read Bio 



C.D. Baer Pettit
Chief Operating Officer
Read Bio 



Laurent Seyer
Chief Client Officer
Read Bio 



Arun Sinha
Chief Marketing Officer
Read Bio 



Diana H. Tidd
Head of Index
Read Bio 



Kathleen A. Winters
Chief Financial Officer
Read Bio 



Peter J. Zangari
Global Head of Research and Product Development
Read Bio 





Henry A. Fernandez
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer



	Mr. Fernandez has served as a director and Chairman of our Board since 2007 and as our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and President since 1998. Before leading MSCI’s transition to becoming a fully independent, standalone public company in 2009, he was a Managing Director at Morgan Stanley, where he worked in emerging markets product strategy, equity derivative sales and trading, mergers and acquisitions, worldwide corporate finance and mortgage finance for U.S. financial institutions. Mr. Fernandez worked for Morgan Stanley from 1983 to 1991 and from 1994 to 2009. Mr. Fernandez holds a Bachelor of Arts in economics from Georgetown University, an M.B.A. from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business and pursued doctoral studies in economics at Princeton University.


Back to Executive Officers 




Rick Bogdan
General Counsel



	Rick Bogdan, Managing Director and General Counsel, leads MSCI's global Legal and Compliance department. He reports to Chairman and CEO Henry Fernandez and is a member of the firm's Executive Committee.

	Rick worked as an attorney for Morgan Stanley from 1995 to 2000, and then joined MSCI, continuing with the firm after it became an independent company in 2009. Prior to Morgan Stanley, Rick was an attorney with the law firm of Dewey Ballantine LLP.

	Rick holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in history from Brown University and a Juris Doctor graduate degree in law from Washington and Lee University.


Back to Executive Officers 




Remy Briand
Head of ESG and Real Estate Product



	Mr. Briand has served as Head of ESG and Real Estate since June 2016. In such capacity, he is responsible for MSCI’s ESG (environmental, social and governance) ratings products as well as MSCI’s Real Estate benchmarking and analytics services. Mr. Briand began leading MSCI ESG Research since its creation in 2010. He also served as Global Head of Research until February 2017 where he led a team of 150 researchers designing indexes, analytics and risk models for institutional investors. As Head of Index Research for 10 years, Mr. Briand managed the expansion of the MSCI Global Indexes to cover 80 developed, emerging and frontier markets. He also initiated and led the development of MSCI’s market leading factor indexes. Mr. Briand joined MSCI in 2001 from Credit Lyonnais Asset Management, where he was an equity portfolio manager and head of research. He began his career as a private equity analyst at Credit Lyonnais. He holds an MSc in Computer Sciences from INSA (Lyon) and an MBA from HEC (Paris).


Back to Executive Officers 




Scott A. Crum
Chief Human Resources Officer



	Mr. Crum has served as the Chief Human Resources Officer since April 2014. Prior to joining MSCI, Mr. Crum served as Head of Global Human Resources for four publicly traded companies. Mr. Crum worked for Avon Products, Inc. as Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Chief People Officer from September 2012 to May 2013. From July 2010 to June 2012, Mr. Crum served as Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer of Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc., one of two publicly traded companies formally created when Motorola Inc. split in January 2011. Prior to that, he served as the Senior Vice President and Director of Human Resources of ITT Corporation from September 2002 to July 2010 and Senior Vice President of Administration and Employee Resources at General Instruments Corp. from 1997 to 2000. Mr. Crum holds a Bachelor of Business Administration with a concentration in industrial relations from Southern Methodist University.


Back to Executive Officers 




Tom Gwydir
Chief Technology Officer



	Tom Gwydir, Managing Director and Chief Technology Officer, is responsible for the Technology Services at MSCI which includes about one-thousand technology professionals spread across eleven distinct subdivisions. He is a member of the firm's Executive Committee.

	Prior to joining MSCI, Tom spent 30 years working as a technology professional across a variety of disciplines: Product development, Enterprise Architecture, Infrastructure and Data Management, Platform Engineering, and eCommerce. He has held the following posts and responsibilities: Chief Information Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Global Head of Infrastructure Engineering, Global Head of Fixed Income Technology, Chief Architect, and Head of Development for various companies including Merrill Lynch, Dun&Bradstreet, Wachovia Securities, Asurion Insurance Services, Magna Software, and Ernst&Young.

	Tom has a Bachelor of Science from Columbia University School of Engineering.


Back to Executive Officers 




Jorge Mina
Head of Analytics



	Mr. Mina has served as the Head of Analytics since February 2017. In this role, he is responsible for MSCI’s equity and multi-asset class risk and portfolio management products. Prior to this, he had served as Head of Analytics for the Americas since 2015. Mr. Mina joined MSCI in 2010 following MSCI’s acquisition of RiskMetrics and served as a managing director of Risk Management Analytics from 2010 to 2015. Prior to joining MSCI, Mr. Mina served in a variety of roles at RiskMetrics, including co-head of the RiskMetrics Business and Head of Research. Mr. Mina holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in actuarial sciences from the Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México and a Master’s in financial mathematics from the University of Chicago.


Back to Executive Officers 




Richard J. Napolitano
Principal Accounting Officer and Global Controller



	Mr. Napolitano has served as the Principal Accounting Officer since February 2014 and Global Controller since June 2011. Prior to joining MSCI, Mr. Napolitano worked at Morgan Stanley from 2005 to 2011, J.P. Morgan Chase from 1996 to 2005 and Ernst & Young from 1988 to 1996. At these firms, he held
various positions including, among others, Business Unit or Product Chief Financial Officer or Controller, Head of External Reporting and Accounting Policies and Audit Senior Manager. Mr. Napolitano earned his Bachelor of Science in accounting and an M.B.A. in finance from the Leonard N. Stern School of Business at New York University. He is also a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.


Back to Executive Officers 




C.D. Baer Pettit
Chief Operating Officer



	Mr. Pettit has served as the Chief Operating Officer since October 2015. As such, Mr. Pettit oversees the firm’s operations, technology and product lines. Before taking on his current role, Mr. Pettit served as Head of the Product Group from February 2015 to September 2015, Head of Client Coverage from 2001 to August 2012, Head of Marketing from 2005 to August 2012 and Head of Index Products from September 2011 to September 2015. Prior to joining MSCI, Mr. Pettit worked for Bloomberg L.P. from 1992 to 1999, most recently as Deputy Head of European Sales. He holds a Master of Arts degree in history from Cambridge University and a Master of Science degree from the School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University.


Back to Executive Officers 




Laurent Seyer
Chief Client Officer



	Mr. Seyer has served as Chief Client Officer since September 2016. In such capacity, Mr. Seyer is responsible for the firm’s sales, marketing, account management and client service teams globally. Before taking on his current role, Mr. Seyer served as the Global Head of Client Coverage from December 2014 to September 2016. Prior to joining MSCI, Mr. Seyer worked for AXA Investment Managers LLC in Paris, most recently as Global Head of the Client Group. Prior to that, he spent 24 years at Societe Generale in a number of leadership positions, including as CEO of Lyxor Asset Management from 2006 to 2012, and held senior roles in equity derivatives and structured product sales, mergers and acquisitions, corporate finance, and corporate development and business strategy. Mr. Seyer graduated from Institut d’Etudes Politiques of Paris, where he studied law and economics.


Back to Executive Officers 




Arun Sinha
Chief Marketing Officer



	As Chief Marketing Officer, Arun Sinha is responsible for all marketing and communications functions globally and is a member of MSCI's Executive Committee.

	With more than 25 years of client-oriented marketing experience, Arun is a transformational CMO with a proven ability to deliver client-focused vision and strategies.

	Prior to MSCI, Arun served as Chief Marketing Officer of J.P. Morgan Global Wealth Management. Prior to J.P. Morgan, he held Chief Marketing and Communication Officer roles at Zurich Insurance Group and Pitney Bowes, Inc.

	Arun has received numerous awards and recognition, including Chief Marketing Officer of the Year by the CMO Institute, Marketer of the Year by the Direct Marketing Association and Top Marketer of the Year for two consecutive years by B2B Magazine. He has been a Lecturer and Senior Faculty Fellow at Yale School of Management since 2011 and is a frequent speaker on industry trends and a published author, including the highly acclaimed, Sweet Spot: How to Maximize Marketing for Business Growth.

	He holds a Master's degree in Advertising from Michigan State University, a Master's in Journalism from the Indian Institute of Mass Communication in New Delhi, India, and a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from St. Xavier's College, University of Calcutta, India.


Back to Executive Officers 




Diana H. Tidd
Head of Index



	Ms. Tidd has served as the Head of Index since February 2016. In such capacity, she is responsible for all aspects of product management and business strategy for the MSCI indexes. During her tenure at MSCI, Ms. Tidd has served in a variety of roles, including Head of Americas Client Coverage for six years. Prior to joining MSCI in 1999, Ms. Tidd worked at Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. in Boston for five years where she had roles in the Risk and Europe teams, before becoming Head of the Asia Team in the global custody division. She started her career in the Trust and Estates division of the Private Bank at Bankers Trust Co. Ms. Tidd serves as Co-President, of Women in ETFs (“WE”) and on the board of WE, as well as West Africa Village Education.  Ms. Tidd graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science from Colgate University and received a Master’s Degree in Latin American Studies from Stanford University.


Back to Executive Officers 




Kathleen A. Winters
Chief Financial Officer



	Ms. Winters has served as the Chief Financial Officer since May 2016. Prior to joining MSCI, Ms. Winters served as the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Performance Materials and Technologies, an operating segment of Honeywell International, Inc. (“Honeywell”) from 2012 to 2016. She served in various positions of increasing responsibility at Honeywell from 2002 to 2016, including Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President of Business Analysis and Planning, and Chief Financial Officer of the Specialty Products business group. Ms. Winters began her career at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (“PwC”) where she served in various positions from 1989 to 2001 within the Technology Information Communications and Entertainment practice. She earned her Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Boston College in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts.


Back to Executive Officers 




Peter J. Zangari
Global Head of Research and Product Development



	Mr. Zangari has served as the Global Head of Research and Product Development since February 2017. In such capacity, Mr. Zangari leads a global team of more than 150 researchers who develop insights that help institutional investors make more informed investment decisions. He is responsible for setting the research agenda and driving integration of research into our products and services to deliver innovative solutions to investment problems. He previously served as MSCI’s Head of Analytics from February 2015 to February 2017.Prior to this, he served as the Head of Equity Portfolio Management from August 2011 to February 2015. Prior to joining MSCI, Mr. Zangari held progressively senior-level positions at Goldman Sachs since 1998, most recently as the Head of Risk and a member of the leadership team for the Quantitative Investment Strategies (“QIS”) business of Goldman Sachs Asset Management (“GSAM”). Prior to joining QIS, Mr. Zangari was responsible for building out and managing GSAM’s proprietary equity risk and attribution platform. Mr. Zangari has a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from Fordham University and a PhD in economics, with a specialization in applied econometrics and computational statistics, from Rutgers University.

	 


Back to Executive Officers 





 



 
AUM in ETFs Linked to MSCI Indexes
Find out more about the value of AUM in ETFs linked to our indexes.
 ETF data »



 
Frequently Asked Questions
These FAQs provide answers to some questions you may have.
 Visit our FAQ page »







Intra
3 mo.
6 mo.
1 yr.















NYSE: MSCI

$ 110.26

                4:04 PM | Jul 25, 2017
            


$0.00 	
        	(0.00%)
        


Day High: N/A
            
Day Low:  N/A
            
Volume:    N/A
		
Delayed ~20 min., by eSignal.






Stock Information »







 
Briefcase
Briefcase
 
 
Email Alerts
Email Alerts
 
 
Downloads
Downloads
 
 
Snapshot
Snapshot
 


RSS
RSS
 
 
Print
Print
 
 
Email
Email
 

Share
Share
 


  

Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS










 
  













 
Back to Top


















 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















MSCI Inc (MSCI) - Stock Predictions & Price Targets














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN


















      MSCI Inc (MSCI)
    




                Median target price: 
                                            $105
                  (4% downside)
          
            Positive ratings: 


                                           

                    40%
                  

                of 5 analysts


                    Latest:     Morgan Stanley | equal-weight | $97  | 
                                              07/18
                
              

View all analyst ratings  for MSCI  »
          





































Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN






















Analyst Ranking





 

                    Name
                  

                    Measured Ratings
                  

                    Sucess Rate
                  

                    Avg Return
                  





                      1.
                    
Mizuho
15


                        73%
                    


                        20.57
                          %
                      




                      2.
                    
Credit Suisse
16


                        75%
                    


                        10.49
                          %
                      




                      3.
                    
Jefferies
26


                        58%
                    


                        7.91
                          %
                      




                      4.
                    
Cantor Fitzgerald
11


                        82%
                    


                        8.50
                          %
                      




                      5.
                    
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
15


                        67%
                    


                        7.85
                          %
                      




                      6.
                    
JMP Securities
20


                        65%
                    


                        4.62
                          %
                      




                      7.
                    
Goldman Sachs
21


                        67%
                    


                        3.28
                          %
                      




                      8.
                    
Raymond James
13


                        77%
                    


                        2.89
                          %
                      




                      9.
                    
FBR Capital Markets
21


                        57%
                    


                        2.45
                          %
                      




                      10.
                    
William Blair
24


                        54%
                    


                        2.32
                          %
                      

























FlashRatings | Contact Us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN









Contact FlashRatings












Your emotional state
Excited
Confused
Worried
Upset
Panicked
Angry







 


























FlashRatings | Principles














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings' Principles

          1. FlashRatings' mission is to provide you - the investor - with as much honest and professional research on your investments as possible.
        

          2. We believe it's much better to get a multitude of credible opinions on an investment than to arbitrarily follow any single advisor - be it your banker, a friend, or a TV pundit.
        

          3. FlashRatings does NOT provide advice. Our job is to accurately and objectively report on analysts' credible research and opinions. The only advice FlashRatings will ever give you is to absorb as much fundamental research and different opinions as possible and make your own decisions!
         

          4. FlashRatings favors covering analysts with proven track records, but will cover all analysts as long as their research is honest and professional.
        



Sign up »





















FlashRatings | About us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings - All research for my stocks!

The most comprehensive equity research coverage available online.


          Never miss a single piece of research, upgrade, downgrade or target price change by any analyst firm on any stock!
          
          Equity research by professional analysts - especially their rationales more than their forecasts - contains far more interesting and important information about the actual fundamentals of the traded companies than can be gathered from conventional news reports.
          
          Our mission is to unlock access to valuable research on stocks for all retail investors. 
          
          
         

      
          
        



Professionals/ Institutions: Take advantage of our cost-effective subscriptions to have FlashRatings's comprehensive real-time feed delivered into your intranet and trading floor platforms. (Institutional Subscriptions)


Websites: Become a content licensing partner and display FlashRatings's popular news feed on your website. (Content Licensing)


Advertisers: Advertise with us and have FlashRatings readers, with attractive demographics, take advantage of your products. (Advertising)














﻿             MSCI - MSCI                                                                               Skip to Content          Search     Search    Cancel                      Time to Revisit Fundamentalsof Quality? Read the blog post   Time to Revisit Fundamentalsof Quality? Read the blog post        Launch of MSCI JapanEmpowering Women Index (WIN) Read the blog post   Launch of MSCI JapanEmpowering Women Index (WIN) Read the blog post        Measuring the Impact of Factors Learn more   Measuring the Impact of Factors Learn more        Are you ready forChina A shares? Read the blog post   Are you ready forChina A shares? Read the blog post                                      Terms: Use Restrictions *USD | **EUR GMT 20 minute delay                       GLOBAL STOCK MARKET PERFORMANCE MSCI's All Country World Index (ACWI) is composed of 2,400 constituents, 11 sectors, and is the industry’s accepted gauge of global stock market activity. It provides a seamless, modern and fully integrated view across all sources of equity returns in 47 developed and emerging markets. Learn about the index »                   LATEST NEWS AND RESEARCH      Jul 24, 2017  Getting Ahead of the Curve: How Taper 2.0 May Affect Bond Returns  Learn More »     Jul 21, 2017  Americans in Paris: The Implications if U.S. Corporates Abandon their Carbon Reduction Targets  Learn More »     Jul 20, 2017  UK Commercial Property Fund Returns Tick Up in Q2  Learn More »     Jul 19, 2017  Time to Revisit Fundamentals of Quality?  Learn More »                             Read the 3 July 2017 interview with MSCI’s CEO in the FT Henry Fernandez defends the inclusion of China A shares in MSCI’s Emerging Markets Index.  Read more »                       ETF.com Best Index Provider Website Award 2016 For the second consecutive year - March 2016 and March 2017  View all MSCI awards »                       Market Classification 2017 MSCI Inc. has announced that beginning in June 2018, it will include China A shares in the MSCI Emerging Markets Index.  Read more »                                                  Back to Top     


MSCI - Wikipedia






















 






MSCI

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


MSCI





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: MSCI


Founded
1969


Headquarters
7 World Trade Center
Manhattan, New York City, United States



Key people

Henry A. Fernandez, CEO,
Kathleen Winters, CFO,
Baer Pettit, COO,
Tom Gwydir, CTO


Services
stock market indexes
portfolio analytics


Revenue
US$1.07 billion (2015)[1]



Operating income

US$403.89 million (2015)[2]



Net income

US$223.64 million (2015)[3]


Total assets
US$3.14 billion (2015)[4]


Total equity
US$901.48 million (2015)[5]



Number of employees

3300


Website
www.msci.com


MSCI Inc. (formerly Morgan Stanley Capital International and MSCI Barra), is an American provider of equity, fixed income, hedge fund stock market indexes, and equity portfolio analysis tools. It publishes the MSCI BRIC, MSCI World and MSCI EAFE Indexes. The company is currently headquartered at 7 World Trade Center in Manhattan, New York City, U.S.



Contents


1 History
2 Acquisitions
3 Indices
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
In 1968, Capital International published indices covering the global stock market for non-U.S. markets. In 1986, Morgan Stanley licensed the rights to the indexes from Capital International and branded the indexes as the Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) indexes.[6] By the 1980s, the MSCI indexes were the primary benchmark indexes outside of the US before being joined by FTSE, Citibank and Standard & Poor's.[7] After Dow Jones started float weighting its index funds, MSCI followed.[7] In 2004, MSCI acquired Barra, Inc., to form MSCI Barra.[8] In mid-2007, parent company Morgan Stanley decided to divest from, and perhaps spin off, MSCI.[9] This was followed by an initial public offering of a minority of stock in November 2007.[10] The divestment was completed in 2009.[11] The company is headquartered in New York City.[12]
Acquisitions[edit]
MSCI formally acquired both RiskMetrics Group, Inc.[13] and Measurisk[14] in 2010, as well as Investment Property Databank in 2012.[15] In 2013 MSCI acquired Investor Force from ICG Group (formerly Internet Capital Group) in 2013.[16] In August 2014, MSCI acquired GMI Ratings.[17]
Indices[edit]
The MSCI global equity indexes have been calculated since 1969 and include MSCI World[18] and MSCI EAFE.[19] Initially, the company used eight factors in developing its indexes: momentum, volatility, value, size, growth, size nonlinearity, liquidity and financial leverage.[20]
References[edit]


^ https://de.finance.yahoo.com/quote/MSCI/financials?p=MSCI
^ https://de.finance.yahoo.com/quote/MSCI/financials?p=MSCI
^ https://de.finance.yahoo.com/quote/MSCI/financials?p=MSCI
^ https://de.finance.yahoo.com/quote/MSCI/financials?p=MSCI
^ https://de.finance.yahoo.com/quote/MSCI/financials?p=MSCI
^ Frank J. Fabozzi; Harry M. Markowitz. The Theory and Practice of Investment Management. 160. 
^ a b Gastineau, Gary L. (2002-02-14). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley & Sons. p. 35. ISBN 9780471218944. Retrieved 18 November 2015. 
^ Lawrence Carrel. ETFs for the Long Run: What They Are, How They Work, and Simple Strategies. John Wiley. p. 94. 
^ "Morgan to take MSCI public". Investment News. 
^ "MSCI Barra Spinoff Provides Look At Indexers' Inner Workings". Seeking Alpha. September 17, 2007. 
^ "FAQ". MSCI, Inc. Retrieved 2008-04-24. 
^ Giang Nguyen (April 28, 2016). "Frontier Vietnam Eyes Step Up to Emerging-Market Big Leagues". Bloomberg. 
^ AARON LUCCHETTI (March 2, 2010). "MSCI Seizes RiskMetrics in Union of Niche Firms". Wall Street Journal. 
^ "MSCI Scores Measurisk From JPMorgan". Forbes. July 15, 2010. 
^ "People moves: IPD co-founder, former CEO leave MSCI", realestate.ipe.com, 18 February 2016.
^ Lozada, Aaron. "MSCI completes acquisition of Investor Force". SNL News. SNL Financial LC. Retrieved 8 February 2013. 
^ Mara Stein (March 11, 2016). "Battle to Grade ESG Investments Heats Up". Wall Street Journal. 
^ Robert R. Johnson; Gerald R. Jensen & Luis Garcia-Feijoo (2015). Invest with the Fed: Maximizing Portfolio Performance by Following Federal Reserve Policy. McGraw Hill Professional. p. 165. 
^ V S Somanath. International Financial Management. p. 288. 
^ Drake, Pamela Peterson; Fabozzi, Frank J. (2012-10-01). Analysis of Financial Statements. John Wiley & Sons. p. 292. ISBN 9781118331910. Retrieved 18 November 2015. 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for MSCI Inc.:
Yahoo! Finance
Bloomberg
Reuters








 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=MSCI&oldid=788566595"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityPublicly traded companies based in New York City2007 initial public offeringsHidden categories: Pages using infobox company with unsupported parametersOfficial website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolFrançais한국어Italiano日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 04:21.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.




















﻿             MSCI - MSCI                                                                               Skip to Content          Search     Search    Cancel                      Time to Revisit Fundamentalsof Quality? Read the blog post   Time to Revisit Fundamentalsof Quality? Read the blog post        Launch of MSCI JapanEmpowering Women Index (WIN) Read the blog post   Launch of MSCI JapanEmpowering Women Index (WIN) Read the blog post        Measuring the Impact of Factors Learn more   Measuring the Impact of Factors Learn more        Are you ready forChina A shares? Read the blog post   Are you ready forChina A shares? Read the blog post                                      Terms: Use Restrictions *USD | **EUR GMT 20 minute delay                       GLOBAL STOCK MARKET PERFORMANCE MSCI's All Country World Index (ACWI) is composed of 2,400 constituents, 11 sectors, and is the industry’s accepted gauge of global stock market activity. It provides a seamless, modern and fully integrated view across all sources of equity returns in 47 developed and emerging markets. Learn about the index »                   LATEST NEWS AND RESEARCH      Jul 24, 2017  Getting Ahead of the Curve: How Taper 2.0 May Affect Bond Returns  Learn More »     Jul 21, 2017  Americans in Paris: The Implications if U.S. Corporates Abandon their Carbon Reduction Targets  Learn More »     Jul 20, 2017  UK Commercial Property Fund Returns Tick Up in Q2  Learn More »     Jul 19, 2017  Time to Revisit Fundamentals of Quality?  Learn More »                             Read the 3 July 2017 interview with MSCI’s CEO in the FT Henry Fernandez defends the inclusion of China A shares in MSCI’s Emerging Markets Index.  Read more »                       ETF.com Best Index Provider Website Award 2016 For the second consecutive year - March 2016 and March 2017  View all MSCI awards »                       Market Classification 2017 MSCI Inc. has announced that beginning in June 2018, it will include China A shares in the MSCI Emerging Markets Index.  Read more »                                                  Back to Top     


MSCI - Wikipedia






















 






MSCI

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


MSCI





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: MSCI


Founded
1969


Headquarters
7 World Trade Center
Manhattan, New York City, United States



Key people

Henry A. Fernandez, CEO,
Kathleen Winters, CFO,
Baer Pettit, COO,
Tom Gwydir, CTO


Services
stock market indexes
portfolio analytics


Revenue
US$1.07 billion (2015)[1]



Operating income

US$403.89 million (2015)[2]



Net income

US$223.64 million (2015)[3]


Total assets
US$3.14 billion (2015)[4]


Total equity
US$901.48 million (2015)[5]



Number of employees

3300


Website
www.msci.com


MSCI Inc. (formerly Morgan Stanley Capital International and MSCI Barra), is an American provider of equity, fixed income, hedge fund stock market indexes, and equity portfolio analysis tools. It publishes the MSCI BRIC, MSCI World and MSCI EAFE Indexes. The company is currently headquartered at 7 World Trade Center in Manhattan, New York City, U.S.



Contents


1 History
2 Acquisitions
3 Indices
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
In 1968, Capital International published indices covering the global stock market for non-U.S. markets. In 1986, Morgan Stanley licensed the rights to the indexes from Capital International and branded the indexes as the Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) indexes.[6] By the 1980s, the MSCI indexes were the primary benchmark indexes outside of the US before being joined by FTSE, Citibank and Standard & Poor's.[7] After Dow Jones started float weighting its index funds, MSCI followed.[7] In 2004, MSCI acquired Barra, Inc., to form MSCI Barra.[8] In mid-2007, parent company Morgan Stanley decided to divest from, and perhaps spin off, MSCI.[9] This was followed by an initial public offering of a minority of stock in November 2007.[10] The divestment was completed in 2009.[11] The company is headquartered in New York City.[12]
Acquisitions[edit]
MSCI formally acquired both RiskMetrics Group, Inc.[13] and Measurisk[14] in 2010, as well as Investment Property Databank in 2012.[15] In 2013 MSCI acquired Investor Force from ICG Group (formerly Internet Capital Group) in 2013.[16] In August 2014, MSCI acquired GMI Ratings.[17]
Indices[edit]
The MSCI global equity indexes have been calculated since 1969 and include MSCI World[18] and MSCI EAFE.[19] Initially, the company used eight factors in developing its indexes: momentum, volatility, value, size, growth, size nonlinearity, liquidity and financial leverage.[20]
References[edit]


^ https://de.finance.yahoo.com/quote/MSCI/financials?p=MSCI
^ https://de.finance.yahoo.com/quote/MSCI/financials?p=MSCI
^ https://de.finance.yahoo.com/quote/MSCI/financials?p=MSCI
^ https://de.finance.yahoo.com/quote/MSCI/financials?p=MSCI
^ https://de.finance.yahoo.com/quote/MSCI/financials?p=MSCI
^ Frank J. Fabozzi; Harry M. Markowitz. The Theory and Practice of Investment Management. 160. 
^ a b Gastineau, Gary L. (2002-02-14). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley & Sons. p. 35. ISBN 9780471218944. Retrieved 18 November 2015. 
^ Lawrence Carrel. ETFs for the Long Run: What They Are, How They Work, and Simple Strategies. John Wiley. p. 94. 
^ "Morgan to take MSCI public". Investment News. 
^ "MSCI Barra Spinoff Provides Look At Indexers' Inner Workings". Seeking Alpha. September 17, 2007. 
^ "FAQ". MSCI, Inc. Retrieved 2008-04-24. 
^ Giang Nguyen (April 28, 2016). "Frontier Vietnam Eyes Step Up to Emerging-Market Big Leagues". Bloomberg. 
^ AARON LUCCHETTI (March 2, 2010). "MSCI Seizes RiskMetrics in Union of Niche Firms". Wall Street Journal. 
^ "MSCI Scores Measurisk From JPMorgan". Forbes. July 15, 2010. 
^ "People moves: IPD co-founder, former CEO leave MSCI", realestate.ipe.com, 18 February 2016.
^ Lozada, Aaron. "MSCI completes acquisition of Investor Force". SNL News. SNL Financial LC. Retrieved 8 February 2013. 
^ Mara Stein (March 11, 2016). "Battle to Grade ESG Investments Heats Up". Wall Street Journal. 
^ Robert R. Johnson; Gerald R. Jensen & Luis Garcia-Feijoo (2015). Invest with the Fed: Maximizing Portfolio Performance by Following Federal Reserve Policy. McGraw Hill Professional. p. 165. 
^ V S Somanath. International Financial Management. p. 288. 
^ Drake, Pamela Peterson; Fabozzi, Frank J. (2012-10-01). Analysis of Financial Statements. John Wiley & Sons. p. 292. ISBN 9781118331910. Retrieved 18 November 2015. 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for MSCI Inc.:
Yahoo! Finance
Bloomberg
Reuters








 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=MSCI&oldid=788566595"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityPublicly traded companies based in New York City2007 initial public offeringsHidden categories: Pages using infobox company with unsupported parametersOfficial website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolFrançais한국어Italiano日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 04:21.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















MSCI (@MSCI_Inc) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      MSCIVerified account



@MSCI_Inc












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
2,703
            



Following
Following
1,550



Followers
Followers
13K



Likes
Likes
184



Lists
Lists
1
 
 
More 







Likes
Lists






Unmute @MSCI_Inc

Mute @MSCI_Inc



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















MSCIVerified account



@MSCI_Inc


An independent provider of research-driven insights & tools for institutional investors, based on more than 40 years’ academic research & real-world experience.







 
    msci.com
  




Joined July 2009












                
                649 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @MSCI_Inc
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @MSCI_Inc
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            MSCI followed
        

























MSCI‏Verified account @MSCI_Inc

9m9 minutes ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Seiichiro Uchi, Head of Japan Index & ESG Coverage at MSCI, today spoke at the Nikkei #ESG Conference in Tokyo. #Indexes @gpiftweetspic.twitter.com/wRf9JI2nwl
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MSCI‏Verified account @MSCI_Inc

18h18 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







MSCI in the news: Investors in companies that do good do better. Read the @FT article. http://bit.ly/2vFUNCE  #EmergingMarkets #ESGpic.twitter.com/eJfR3oXgi0
















0 replies




1 retweet




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MSCI‏Verified account @MSCI_Inc

23h23 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Getting Ahead of the Curve: How Taper 2.0 May Affect Bond Returns. Read the research paper.  http://bit.ly/2eKHSv4  @federalreserve #QEpic.twitter.com/gKmL5wMTSJ
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










MSCI Retweeted
            







SATRIX Investments‏ @SATRIX_SA

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







New #SatrixGlobalETFs tracking MSCI World and MSCI Emerging IMI @ConradieHelena @MSCI_Incpic.twitter.com/9jbyCk3TdN
















0 replies




4 retweets




6 likes








Reply










Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


6





Liked


6










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MSCI‏Verified account @MSCI_Inc

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







MSCI in the news: Investors Returning to #EmergingMarkets. Watch MSCI's Henry Fernandez @BloombergTV http://bit.ly/2vVjiLo pic.twitter.com/cN0esWLdxR
















0 replies




1 retweet




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MSCI‏Verified account @MSCI_Inc

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







NEW recorded webinar - Global Intel PLUS Demo Webinar. Watch it now. #GlobalRealEstate #CRE http://bit.ly/2vTdwtQ pic.twitter.com/X3UCaHWLEi
















0 replies




0 retweets




2 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MSCI‏Verified account @MSCI_Inc

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







MSCI in the news: UK commercial property fund returns tick up in Q2. Read more #CREhttp://bit.ly/2gWVHXQ 









0 replies




1 retweet




1 like








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










MSCI Retweeted
            







Todd Arthur Bridges‏ @ToddBridgesESG

Jul 22






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Ethical Investing is Taking Off: #ESG Indices Outperform the Benchmark @FT @MSCI_Inc @SwissRehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyqA51WLoK8&feature=share …









0 replies




1 retweet




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MSCI‏Verified account @MSCI_Inc

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Join MSCI & @IPF_Office for the MSCI/IPF UK Property Investment Seminar on Aug 8 in London. Register now: http://bit.ly/2uPXF2v  #CREpic.twitter.com/R1APZCNlXo
















0 replies




1 retweet




2 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










MSCI Retweeted
            







Christina - MSCI‏ @MSCICudworth

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







MSCI in the news: @FT reports "Investors in companies that do good do better".https://www.ft.com/content/7fa69ed0-6d69-11e7-b9c7-15af748b60d0?mhq5j=e1 …









0 replies




1 retweet




1 like








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










MSCI Retweeted
            







FundStrategy‏ @FundStrategy

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







UK was worst country index in election month https://www.fundstrategy.co.uk/uk-worst-country-index-election-month/ … @MSCI_Inc









0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










MSCI Retweeted
            







Christina - MSCI‏ @MSCICudworth

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Need a #realestate index of financial performance? That's our specality! For more info, read here https://www.msci.com/real-estate-indexes … #CRE #indices









0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MSCI‏Verified account @MSCI_Inc

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







MSCI in the news: A-shares up in first month in MSCI index. Read the @ChinaDailyUSA article. http://bit.ly/2uIr4L7  #ChinaAShares





0 replies




1 retweet




1 like








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MSCI‏Verified account @MSCI_Inc

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







MSCI in the news: Investors in companies that do good do better. Read @FT article. [Paywall] http://bit.ly/2twaU8q  #emergingmarkets #ESG









0 replies




3 retweets




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MSCI‏Verified account @MSCI_Inc

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







MSCI's Zhen Wei spoke at Asset Management Association of China (AMAC) on MSCI's decision to include #ChinaAshares http://bit.ly/2vnlcF0 pic.twitter.com/bIPnJUeMEx
















0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MSCI‏Verified account @MSCI_Inc

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







MSCI blog - Time to Revisit Fundamentals of Quality? Read the latest blog. http://bit.ly/2gMWSsT  #factorinvesting #smartbetapic.twitter.com/QZcAn1XWJW



















0 replies




1 retweet




2 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MSCI‏Verified account @MSCI_Inc

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







MSCI in the news: MSCI's Christopher Sheridan is now a board member @CFAToronto. Read more. http://bit.ly/2vmSm7F pic.twitter.com/SXCUBjbwPm
















0 replies




1 retweet




2 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MSCI‏Verified account @MSCI_Inc

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







MSCI in the news: Emerging Asia propels world stocks to new high. Read the @Reuters article. http://bit.ly/2vC3SeH  #emergingmarkets









0 replies




0 retweets




7 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


7





Liked


7










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













MSCI‏Verified account @MSCI_Inc

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







More than 950 #ETFs are now based on MSCI Indexes with approx $11tn in assets benchmarked to MSCI Indexes. Read more http://bit.ly/2vioRDW pic.twitter.com/rTysGLbIpf
















0 replies




1 retweet




4 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


4





Liked


4










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










MSCI Retweeted
            







Scot Enterprise News‏ @ScotEntNews

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Scotland's #tourism industry continues to deliver strong ROI for property investors says latest @MSCI_Inc researchhttp://ow.ly/Qxxd30dGDln 









0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @MSCI_Inc hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user

























MSCI - Wikipedia






















 






MSCI

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


MSCI





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: MSCI


Founded
1969


Headquarters
7 World Trade Center
Manhattan, New York City, United States



Key people

Henry A. Fernandez, CEO,
Kathleen Winters, CFO,
Baer Pettit, COO,
Tom Gwydir, CTO


Services
stock market indexes
portfolio analytics


Revenue
US$1.07 billion (2015)[1]



Operating income

US$403.89 million (2015)[2]



Net income

US$223.64 million (2015)[3]


Total assets
US$3.14 billion (2015)[4]


Total equity
US$901.48 million (2015)[5]



Number of employees

3300


Website
www.msci.com


MSCI Inc. (formerly Morgan Stanley Capital International and MSCI Barra), is an American provider of equity, fixed income, hedge fund stock market indexes, and equity portfolio analysis tools. It publishes the MSCI BRIC, MSCI World and MSCI EAFE Indexes. The company is currently headquartered at 7 World Trade Center in Manhattan, New York City, U.S.



Contents


1 History
2 Acquisitions
3 Indices
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
In 1968, Capital International published indices covering the global stock market for non-U.S. markets. In 1986, Morgan Stanley licensed the rights to the indexes from Capital International and branded the indexes as the Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) indexes.[6] By the 1980s, the MSCI indexes were the primary benchmark indexes outside of the US before being joined by FTSE, Citibank and Standard & Poor's.[7] After Dow Jones started float weighting its index funds, MSCI followed.[7] In 2004, MSCI acquired Barra, Inc., to form MSCI Barra.[8] In mid-2007, parent company Morgan Stanley decided to divest from, and perhaps spin off, MSCI.[9] This was followed by an initial public offering of a minority of stock in November 2007.[10] The divestment was completed in 2009.[11] The company is headquartered in New York City.[12]
Acquisitions[edit]
MSCI formally acquired both RiskMetrics Group, Inc.[13] and Measurisk[14] in 2010, as well as Investment Property Databank in 2012.[15] In 2013 MSCI acquired Investor Force from ICG Group (formerly Internet Capital Group) in 2013.[16] In August 2014, MSCI acquired GMI Ratings.[17]
Indices[edit]
The MSCI global equity indexes have been calculated since 1969 and include MSCI World[18] and MSCI EAFE.[19] Initially, the company used eight factors in developing its indexes: momentum, volatility, value, size, growth, size nonlinearity, liquidity and financial leverage.[20]
References[edit]


^ https://de.finance.yahoo.com/quote/MSCI/financials?p=MSCI
^ https://de.finance.yahoo.com/quote/MSCI/financials?p=MSCI
^ https://de.finance.yahoo.com/quote/MSCI/financials?p=MSCI
^ https://de.finance.yahoo.com/quote/MSCI/financials?p=MSCI
^ https://de.finance.yahoo.com/quote/MSCI/financials?p=MSCI
^ Frank J. Fabozzi; Harry M. Markowitz. The Theory and Practice of Investment Management. 160. 
^ a b Gastineau, Gary L. (2002-02-14). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley & Sons. p. 35. ISBN 9780471218944. Retrieved 18 November 2015. 
^ Lawrence Carrel. ETFs for the Long Run: What They Are, How They Work, and Simple Strategies. John Wiley. p. 94. 
^ "Morgan to take MSCI public". Investment News. 
^ "MSCI Barra Spinoff Provides Look At Indexers' Inner Workings". Seeking Alpha. September 17, 2007. 
^ "FAQ". MSCI, Inc. Retrieved 2008-04-24. 
^ Giang Nguyen (April 28, 2016). "Frontier Vietnam Eyes Step Up to Emerging-Market Big Leagues". Bloomberg. 
^ AARON LUCCHETTI (March 2, 2010). "MSCI Seizes RiskMetrics in Union of Niche Firms". Wall Street Journal. 
^ "MSCI Scores Measurisk From JPMorgan". Forbes. July 15, 2010. 
^ "People moves: IPD co-founder, former CEO leave MSCI", realestate.ipe.com, 18 February 2016.
^ Lozada, Aaron. "MSCI completes acquisition of Investor Force". SNL News. SNL Financial LC. Retrieved 8 February 2013. 
^ Mara Stein (March 11, 2016). "Battle to Grade ESG Investments Heats Up". Wall Street Journal. 
^ Robert R. Johnson; Gerald R. Jensen & Luis Garcia-Feijoo (2015). Invest with the Fed: Maximizing Portfolio Performance by Following Federal Reserve Policy. McGraw Hill Professional. p. 165. 
^ V S Somanath. International Financial Management. p. 288. 
^ Drake, Pamela Peterson; Fabozzi, Frank J. (2012-10-01). Analysis of Financial Statements. John Wiley & Sons. p. 292. ISBN 9781118331910. Retrieved 18 November 2015. 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for MSCI Inc.:
Yahoo! Finance
Bloomberg
Reuters








 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=MSCI&oldid=788566595"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityPublicly traded companies based in New York City2007 initial public offeringsHidden categories: Pages using infobox company with unsupported parametersOfficial website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolFrançais한국어Italiano日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 04:21.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
