



Argos Therapeutics Appoints Dr. Ralph Snyderman and Irackly Mtibelishvily to the Company’s Board of Directors Nasdaq:ARGS









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Argos Therapeutics Appoints Dr. Ralph Snyderman and Irackly Mtibelishvily to the Company’s Board of Directors
- Dr. Snyderman widely considered the ‘Father of Personalized Medicine’ -



















December 13, 2016 08:30 ET

 | Source: Argos Therapeutics Inc.






DURHAM, N.C., Dec.  13, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Argos Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq:ARGS) (“Argos”), an immuno-oncology company focused on the development and commercialization of individualized immunotherapies based on the Arcelis® precision immunotherapy technology platform, today announced the appointment of Ralph Snyderman, M.D., and Irackly Mtibelishvily, LL.M., to the company's board of directors. “It is a privilege to welcome a pair of profoundly accomplished professionals to the Argos board of directors who offer renowned expertise in each of their respective fields,” said Jeff Abbey, president and CEO of Argos. “Dr. Snyderman is widely referred to as the ‘father of personalized medicine’ and his experience running the Duke University Health System as well as his senior leadership roles at Genentech will help guide us as we advance our individualized immunotherapy through the final stages of clinical development, assess indication expansion and approach our goal of becoming a fully-integrated commercial company. In addition, Irackly Mtibelishvily is globally recognized as one of the most experienced international investment bankers and will advise on important corporate finance and other strategic activities in the years ahead.” Dr. Snyderman is chancellor emeritus at Duke University, James B. Duke professor of medicine, and director of the Center for Research on Personalized Health Care.  He served as chancellor for health affairs and dean of the Duke University School of Medicine from 1989 to 2004.  During this time, he oversaw the development of the Duke University Health System and served as its first president and chief executive officer. Dr. Snyderman has played a leading role in the conception and development of Personalized Health Care, an evolving model of national health care delivery.  Previously, Dr. Snyderman served as senior vice president for medical research and development at Genentech, Inc., the pioneering biomedical technology firm.  He has played a leadership role in important national organizations such as the Association of American Physicians, the National Academy of Medicine, and Association of American Medical Colleges. Dr. Snyderman earned a doctor of medicine degree from SUNY Downstate Medical Center. Mr. Mtibelishvily is currently managing director and chairman of corporate and investment banking in Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa for Citigroup, where he has served in various roles for nearly two decades. A specialist in corporate finance, capital markets, securities, and mergers and acquisitions, Mr. Mtibelishvily also has experience working with the multinational law firm Clifford Chance LLP. He earned a master of international legal studies degree from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations and a master of laws degree from the University of Virginia Law School. Dr. Snyderman and Mr. Mtibelishvily will replace vacating Argos directors Philippe Van Holle, M.B.A., and Andrei Petrov, Ph.D. “On behalf of the management team, board of directors and shareholders, I would like to thank Philippe and Andrei for their dedication and support over the last several years,” said Hubert Birner, Ph.D., chairman of the Argos board of directors. “They each have played an instrumental role in the growth and development of Argos.” About the Arcelis® Technology PlatformArcelis® is a precision immunotherapy technology that captures both mutated and variant antigens that are specific to each patient’s individual disease. It is designed to overcome immunosuppression by producing a specifically targeted, durable memory T-cell response without adjuvants that may be associated with toxicity. The technology is potentially applicable to the treatment of a wide range of different cancers and infectious diseases, and is designed to overcome many of the manufacturing and commercialization challenges that have impeded other personalized immunotherapies. The Arcelis® process uses only a small disease sample or biopsy as the source of disease-specific antigens, and the patient’s own dendritic cells, which are optimized from cells collected by a single leukapheresis procedure. The proprietary process uses RNA isolated from the patient's disease sample to program dendritic cells to target disease-specific antigens. These activated, antigen-loaded dendritic cells are then formulated with the patient’s plasma, and administered via intradermal injection as an individualized immunotherapy. About Argos TherapeuticsArgos Therapeutics is an immuno-oncology company focused on the development and commercialization of individualized immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer and infectious diseases using its Arcelis® technology platform. Argos' most advanced product candidate, AGS-003, is being evaluated in the pivotal ADAPT Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC).  In addition, AGS-003 is being studied in Phase 2 investigator-initiated clinical trials as neoadjuvant therapy for renal cell carcinoma (RCC) and for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Argos is also developing a separate Arcelis®-based product candidate, AGS-004, for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), which is currently being evaluated in an investigator-initiated Phase 2 clinical trial aimed at HIV eradication in adult patients. Forward Looking StatementsAny statements in this press release about Argos’ future expectations, plans and prospects, including statements about the expected and potential future closings of the private placement, Argos’ financial prospects, anticipated use of proceeds, future operations and sufficiency of funds for future operations, clinical development of Argos’ product candidates, expectations regarding future clinical trials and future expectations and plans and prospects for Argos and other statements containing the words "believes," "anticipates," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "predicts," "projects," "targets," “may,” "potential," "will," "would," "could," "should," "continue," and similar expressions, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including whether Argos' cash resources will be sufficient to fund its continuing operations for the periods anticipated; whether results obtained in clinical trials will be indicative of results obtained in future clinical trials; whether Argos' product candidates will advance through the clinical trial process on a timely basis; whether the results of such trials will warrant submission for approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration or equivalent foreign regulatory agencies; whether Argos' product candidates will receive approval from regulatory agencies on a timely basis or at all; whether, if product candidates obtain approval, they will be successfully distributed and marketed; and other factors discussed in the "Risk Factors" section of Argos’ Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, which is on file with the SEC, and in other filings Argos makes with the SEC from time to time. In addition, the forward-looking statements included in this press release represent Argos’ views as of the date hereof. Argos anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause Argos’ views to change. However, while Argos may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Argos specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Argos’ views as of any date subsequent to the date hereof.Media contact:

Adam Daley 
Berry & Company Public Relations
212-253-8881
adaley@berrypr.com

Investor contact:

John Menditto
Argos Therapeutics, Inc.
919-908-0687
jmenditto@argostherapeutics.com


Related Articles
other press releases by Argos Therapeutics Inc.


Argos Reports Immunogenicity Results of AGS-004 in HIV Program
July 26, 2017 08:00


Argos Therapeutics Announces Closing of $6.0 Million Secured Convertible Note Financing
June 22, 2017 08:00


Argos Therapeutics Announces $6,000,000 Secured Convertible Note Financing 
June 16, 2017 08:00


Argos Provides Update on its ADAPT Trial Following Meeting with FDA
May 10, 2017 08:00


Argos Reports Interim Results of the ADAPT Trial and Provides Perspective on Decision to Continue the Trial
April 18, 2017 16:05






232



other news releases in

Directors and Officers

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Argos Therapeutics Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Durham, North Carolina, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
Media contact:

Adam Daley 
Berry & Company Public Relations
212-253-8881
adaley@berrypr.com

Investor contact:

John Menditto
Argos Therapeutics, Inc.
919-908-0687
jmenditto@argostherapeutics.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Argos Therapeutics Inc.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

















Argos Therapeutics Appoints Dr. Ralph Snyderman And Irackly Mtibelishvily To The Company's Board Of Directors - Pg.2 - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Argos Therapeutics Appoints Dr. Ralph Snyderman And Irackly Mtibelishvily To The Company's Board Of Directors






GlobeNewswire



Dec 13, 2016 8:30 AM EST













 


















































 Mr. Mtibelishvily is currently managing director and chairman of corporate and investment banking in Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa for Citigroup, where he has served in various roles for nearly two decades. A specialist in corporate finance, capital markets, securities, and mergers and acquisitions, Mr. Mtibelishvily also has experience working with the multinational law firm Clifford Chance LLP. He earned a master of international legal studies degree from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations and a master of laws degree from the University of Virginia Law School.  Dr. Snyderman and Mr. Mtibelishvily will replace vacating Argos directors Philippe Van Holle, M.B.A., and Andrei Petrov, Ph.D. "On behalf of the management team, board of directors and shareholders, I would like to thank Philippe and Andrei for their dedication and support over the last several years," said Hubert Birner, Ph.D., chairman of the Argos board of directors. "They each have played an instrumental role in the growth and development of Argos."  About the Arcelis® Technology Platform Arcelis® is a precision immunotherapy technology that captures both mutated and variant antigens that are specific to each patient's individual disease. It is designed to overcome immunosuppression by producing a specifically targeted, durable memory T-cell response without adjuvants that may be associated with toxicity. The technology is potentially applicable to the treatment of a wide range of different cancers and infectious diseases, and is designed to overcome many of the manufacturing and commercialization challenges that have impeded other personalized immunotherapies. The Arcelis® process uses only a small disease sample or biopsy as the source of disease-specific antigens, and the patient's own dendritic cells, which are optimized from cells collected by a single leukapheresis procedure. The proprietary process uses RNA isolated from the patient's disease sample to program dendritic cells to target disease-specific antigens. These activated, antigen-loaded dendritic cells are then formulated with the patient's plasma, and administered via intradermal injection as an individualized immunotherapy.  About Argos TherapeuticsArgos Therapeutics is an immuno-oncology company focused on the development and commercialization of individualized immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer and infectious diseases using its Arcelis® technology platform. Argos' most advanced product candidate, AGS-003, is being evaluated in the pivotal ADAPT Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC).  In addition, AGS-003 is being studied in Phase 2 investigator-initiated clinical trials as neoadjuvant therapy for renal cell carcinoma (RCC) and for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Argos is also developing a separate Arcelis®-based product candidate, AGS-004, for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), which is currently being evaluated in an investigator-initiated Phase 2 clinical trial aimed at HIV eradication in adult patients.  Forward Looking StatementsAny statements in this press release about Argos' future expectations, plans and prospects, including statements about the expected and potential future closings of the private placement, Argos' financial prospects, anticipated use of proceeds, future operations and sufficiency of funds for future operations, clinical development of Argos' product candidates, expectations regarding future clinical trials and future expectations and plans and prospects for Argos and other statements containing the words "believes," "anticipates," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "predicts," "projects," "targets," "may," "potential," "will," "would," "could," "should," "continue," and similar expressions, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including whether Argos' cash resources will be sufficient to fund its continuing operations for the periods anticipated; whether results obtained in clinical trials will be indicative of results obtained in future clinical trials; whether Argos' product candidates will advance through the clinical trial process on a timely basis; whether the results of such trials will warrant submission for approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration or equivalent foreign regulatory agencies; whether Argos' product candidates will receive approval from regulatory agencies on a timely basis or at all; whether, if product candidates obtain approval, they will be successfully distributed and marketed; and other factors discussed in the "Risk Factors" section of Argos' Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, which is on file with the SEC, and in other filings Argos makes with the SEC from time to time. In addition, the forward-looking statements included in this press release represent Argos' views as of the date hereof. Argos anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause Argos' views to change. However, while Argos may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Argos specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Argos' views as of any date subsequent to the date hereof.  Media contact:Adam Daley Berry & Company Public Relations212-253-8881adaley@berrypr.comInvestor contact:John MendittoArgos Therapeutics, Inc.919-908-0687jmenditto@argostherapeutics.com    



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













S&P 500 Trades Lower as Fed Signals Move on Rates 'Fairly Soon'
The S&P 500 holds lower on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled comfort in moving to higher interest rate levels "fairly soon."



Keris Alison Lahiff

Feb 22, 2017 3:01 PM EST
























Dow Turns Positive in Wishy-Washy Trading Ahead of Fed Minutes
Stocks turn mixed on Wednesday morning as investors await more clarity on interest rates from the Federal Reserve.



Keris Alison Lahiff

Feb 22, 2017 10:57 AM EST
























Argos Therapeutics Tanks on Committee Suggestion to Stop Carcinoma Drug Study
Argos tanks after committee recommends the discontinuation of the company's carcinoma treatment study.



Tony Owusu

Feb 22, 2017 8:58 AM EST
























Stock Futures Waver as Wall Street Awaits Clarity From the Fed
Stock futures waver on Wednesday morning as investors seek more clarity on interest rates from the Federal Reserve.



Keris Alison Lahiff

Feb 22, 2017 8:55 AM EST








































 











Trending


Facebook Just Gave A Glimpse Into One of Its Big New Business Areas


Tesla Headlines This Lineup of 12 Amazing New Cars for 2018


Records All Around for Wall Street After Fed Hints at Balance Sheet Unwind 'Soon'


Apple's iPhone 8 Is Coming, and It Could Be in Your Hands Very Soon


What Could President Trump Actually Do to Amazon and Jeff Bezos?











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















ARGS Irackly Mtibelishvily Insider Trades for Argos Therapeutics Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Argos Therapeutics Inc.

                  NASDAQ: ARGS
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Argos Therapeutics Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 26, 2017, 7:58 p.m.


ARGS

/quotes/zigman/9002145/composite


$
0.31




Change

-0.0001
-0.03%

Volume
Volume 116,163
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/9002145/composite
Today's close

$
			0.30
		


$
				0.31
			
Change

+0.01
+5.01%





Day low
Day high
$0.29
$0.47










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.29
        

            $6.50
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Irackly Mtibelishvily



Mr. Irackly Mtibelishvily is on the Board of Directors at Argos Therapeutics, Inc. He received his graduate degree from MGIMO University and a graduate degree from the University of Virginia School of Law.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





12/31/2016
395


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Jeffrey D. Abbey 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Dr. Richard D. Katz 
Chief Financial Officer & Vice President




Dr. Charles A. Nicolette 
Chief Scientific Officer




Mr. Irackly  Mtibelishvily 
Director




Mr. Igor  Krol 
Director




Ms. Lori R. Harrelson 
Principal Accounting Officer & VP-Finance




Mr. John D. Menditto 
VP-Investor Relations & Corporate Communications




Dr. Hubert  Birner 
Chairman




Dr. Sander J. van Deventer 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert F. Carey 
Independent Director
















Log In




8:45 PM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:46pScaramucci on Washington back stabbers: ‘I’m more of a front-stabbing person’
7:43pFacebook keeps warning about growth, but growth doesn’t stop
6:56pFacebook heads toward $500 billion market cap after earnings
6:46pFoxconn pledges to build $10 billion state-of-the-art electronics plant in Wisconsin
6:14pGraham says Trump is showing weakness in unilateral public spat with Sessions
6:10pFacebook hits 2 billion users, earnings beat boosts stock: Live blog recap
6:04pNew rules for FTSE Russell index provider to exclude Snap, others from benchmarks
5:55pThe Nintendo Switch’s sell-out launch, in many charts
5:51p10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague in meetings
5:51pCommunity Health Systems shares fall after profit warning
5:45pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
5:33pStock market ends at record on robust earnings as Fed issues policy update 
5:31pTrump puts his hands together for ‘the late, great Abraham Lincoln’
5:23p2-year Treasury yield falls the most in five weeks after Fed statement
5:20pFor transgender Americans, workplace discrimination isn’t limited to the military
5:09pYour 401(k) match may have some strings attached
5:07pThis is the worst mistake people make at work
5:06pWhy equal-weighted stock-market indexes bounce back faster from bear markets
5:05pNutrisystem shares rally on better-than-expected earnings
5:04pBuffalo Wild Wings drop 9% on 'high' chicken wing costs
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






































































































































Argos Therapeutics Appoints Dr. Ralph Snyderman and Irackly Mtibelishvily to the Company’s Board of Directors | P&T Community































Skip to main content






P&T COMMUNITY 



RegisterSign in




 




Search form

Search 





 






Home
News
P&TCurrent issue
Past issues
Masthead
Digital Edition
Subscribe

P&T TV
Authors
About
Contact Us







  










 






 






INGREZZA® (valbenazine) tablets‎
ZURAMPIC® (lesinurad) TabletsPlease click for full Prescribing Information, including Boxed Warning.


 






You are hereHome 

Argos Therapeutics Appoints Dr. Ralph Snyderman and Irackly Mtibelishvily to the Company’s Board of Directors
DURHAM, N.C., Dec.  13, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Argos Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq:ARGS) (“Argos”), an immuno-oncology company focused on the development and commercialization of individualized immunotherapies based on the Arcelis® precision immunotherapy technology platform, today announced the appointment of Ralph Snyderman, M.D., and Irackly Mtibelishvily, LL.M., to the company's board of directors. “It is a privilege to welcome a pair of profoundly accomplished professionals to the Argos board of directors who offer renowned expertise in each of their respective fields,” said Jeff Abbey, president and CEO of Argos. “Dr. Snyderman is widely referred to as the ‘father of personalized medicine’ and his experience running the Duke University Health System as well as his senior leadership roles at Genentech will help guide us as we advance our individualized immunotherapy through the final stages of clinical development, assess indication expansion and approach our goal of becoming a fully-integrated commercial company. In addition, Irackly Mtibelishvily is globally recognized as one of the most experienced international investment bankers and will advise on important corporate finance and other strategic activities in the years ahead.” Dr. Snyderman is chancellor emeritus at Duke University, James B. Duke professor of medicine, and director of the Center for Research on Personalized Health Care.  He served as chancellor for health affairs and dean of the Duke University School of Medicine from 1989 to 2004.  During this time, he oversaw the development of the Duke University Health System and served as its first president and chief executive officer. Dr. Snyderman has played a leading role in the conception and development of Personalized Health Care, an evolving model of national health care delivery.  Previously, Dr. Snyderman served as senior vice president for medical research and development at Genentech, Inc., the pioneering biomedical technology firm.  He has played a leadership role in important national organizations such as the Association of American Physicians, the National Academy of Medicine, and Association of American Medical Colleges. Dr. Snyderman earned a doctor of medicine degree from SUNY Downstate Medical Center. Mr. Mtibelishvily is currently managing director and chairman of corporate and investment banking in Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa for Citigroup, where he has served in various roles for nearly two decades. A specialist in corporate finance, capital markets, securities, and mergers and acquisitions, Mr. Mtibelishvily also has experience working with the multinational law firm Clifford Chance LLP. He earned a master of international legal studies degree from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations and a master of laws degree from the University of Virginia Law School. Dr. Snyderman and Mr. Mtibelishvily will replace vacating Argos directors Philippe Van Holle, M.B.A., and Andrei Petrov, Ph.D. “On behalf of the management team, board of directors and shareholders, I would like to thank Philippe and Andrei for their dedication and support over the last several years,” said Hubert Birner, Ph.D., chairman of the Argos board of directors. “They each have played an instrumental role in the growth and development of Argos.” About the Arcelis® Technology PlatformArcelis® is a precision immunotherapy technology that captures both mutated and variant antigens that are specific to each patient’s individual disease. It is designed to overcome immunosuppression by producing a specifically targeted, durable memory T-cell response without adjuvants that may be associated with toxicity. The technology is potentially applicable to the treatment of a wide range of different cancers and infectious diseases, and is designed to overcome many of the manufacturing and commercialization challenges that have impeded other personalized immunotherapies. The Arcelis® process uses only a small disease sample or biopsy as the source of disease-specific antigens, and the patient’s own dendritic cells, which are optimized from cells collected by a single leukapheresis procedure. The proprietary process uses RNA isolated from the patient's disease sample to program dendritic cells to target disease-specific antigens. These activated, antigen-loaded dendritic cells are then formulated with the patient’s plasma, and administered via intradermal injection as an individualized immunotherapy. About Argos TherapeuticsArgos Therapeutics is an immuno-oncology company focused on the development and commercialization of individualized immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer and infectious diseases using its Arcelis® technology platform. Argos' most advanced product candidate, AGS-003, is being evaluated in the pivotal ADAPT Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC).  In addition, AGS-003 is being studied in Phase 2 investigator-initiated clinical trials as neoadjuvant therapy for renal cell carcinoma (RCC) and for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Argos is also developing a separate Arcelis®-based product candidate, AGS-004, for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), which is currently being evaluated in an investigator-initiated Phase 2 clinical trial aimed at HIV eradication in adult patients. Forward Looking StatementsAny statements in this press release about Argos’ future expectations, plans and prospects, including statements about the expected and potential future closings of the private placement, Argos’ financial prospects, anticipated use of proceeds, future operations and sufficiency of funds for future operations, clinical development of Argos’ product candidates, expectations regarding future clinical trials and future expectations and plans and prospects for Argos and other statements containing the words "believes," "anticipates," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "predicts," "projects," "targets," “may,” "potential," "will," "would," "could," "should," "continue," and similar expressions, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including whether Argos' cash resources will be sufficient to fund its continuing operations for the periods anticipated; whether results obtained in clinical trials will be indicative of results obtained in future clinical trials; whether Argos' product candidates will advance through the clinical trial process on a timely basis; whether the results of such trials will warrant submission for approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration or equivalent foreign regulatory agencies; whether Argos' product candidates will receive approval from regulatory agencies on a timely basis or at all; whether, if product candidates obtain approval, they will be successfully distributed and marketed; and other factors discussed in the "Risk Factors" section of Argos’ Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, which is on file with the SEC, and in other filings Argos makes with the SEC from time to time. In addition, the forward-looking statements included in this press release represent Argos’ views as of the date hereof. Argos anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause Argos’ views to change. However, while Argos may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Argos specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Argos’ views as of any date subsequent to the date hereof.CONTACT: Media contact:

Adam Daley 
Berry & Company Public Relations
212-253-8881
adaley@berrypr.com

Investor contact:

John Menditto
Argos Therapeutics, Inc.
919-908-0687
jmenditto@argostherapeutics.comTuesday, December 13, 2016 - 08:30






 





STAY IN TOUCH!
NEWSLETTERS AVAILABLE:
P&T and drug management daily news
P&T table of contents (monthly)
 







 







 



Contact Us

Editorial: J. Stephen McIver, EditorAdvertising: Maureen Dwyer Liberti, Vice President, Group PublisherProduction: Dawn Flook, Director of Production ServicesCirculation: Jackie Ott, Circulation ManagerWebmaster: Webmaster 


Industry Announcements




 Affimed Presents Data on First-in-Class BCMA-Targeting Immune Cell Engager AFM26 at ASCO Annual Meeting 2017  

 Share buy-back week 22/2017  

 Novartis drug Tasigna receives EU approval for inclusion of Treatment-free Remission (TFR) data in product label  

 Basilea announces presentation of interim phase 1/2a clinical data with anticancer drug candidate BAL101553 at ASCO meeting  

 Targovax presents further positive clinical data from TG01 phase I/II trial at 2017 ASCO annual meeting  

 Addex Annual General Meeting Scheduled for 22 June 2017  

 VALNEVA to Present at Jefferies 2017 Global Healthcare Conference in New York   

 Targovax announces formal agenda for 2017 Capital Markets Updates in Oslo and London  

 Lundbeck obtains rights to breakthrough research in Alzheimer’s disease  

 Veloxis Pharmaceuticals A/S Announces Agreement with Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.A. to Commercialize Envarsus XR in China  



    More from Globe NewsWire  

 





Current issue of P&T

July 2017 







 




User login


Username *



Password *


Create new account
Request new password


 








Argos Therapeutics Appoints Dr. Ralph Snyderman and Irackly Mtibelishvily to the Company’s Board of Directors – PM360       NASDAQArgos Therapeutics Appoints Dr. Ralph ...Linkedin 0Macrolide monotherapy works in some ...type in your search and press enter      NASDAQ Argos Therapeutics Appoints Dr. Ralph Snyderman and Irackly Mtibelishvily to the Company’s Board of DirectorsNASDAQNASDAQ Infectious Diseases Market NewsArgos Therapeutics Appoints Dr. Ralph Snyderman and Irackly Mtibelishvily to the Company’s Board of Directors     byNASDAQ Market NewsDecember 13, 2016      Facebook Twitter Linkedin Linkedin0Shares DURHAM, N.C., Dec. 13, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Argos Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq:ARGS) (“Argos”), an immuno-oncology company focused on the development and commercialization of individualized immunotherapies based on the Arcelis® precision immunotherapy technology platform, today announced the appointment of Ralph Snyderman, M.D., and Irackly Mtibelishvily, LL.M., to the company's board of directors. “It is a privilege to welcome a pair of profoundly accomplished professionals to the Argos board of directors who offer renowned expertise in each of their respective fields,” said Jeff Abbey, president and CEO of Argos. “Dr. Snyderman is widely referred to as the ‘father of personalized medicine’ and his experience running the Duke University Health System as well as his senior leadership roles at Genentech will help guide us as we advance our individualized immunotherapy through the final stages of clinical development, assess indication expansion and approach our goal of becoming a fully-integrated commercial company. In addition, Irackly Mtibelishvily is globally recognized as one of the most experienced international investment bankers and will advise on important corporate finance and other strategic activities in the years ahead.” Dr. Snyderman is chancellor emeritus at Duke University, James B. Duke professor of medicine, and director of the Center for Research on Personalized Health Care.  He served as chancellor for health affairs and dean of the Duke University School of Medicine from 1989 to 2004.  During this time, he oversaw the development of the Duke University Health System and served as its first president and chief executive officer. Dr. Snyderman has played a leading role in the conception and development of Personalized Health Care, an evolving model of national health care delivery.  Previously, Dr. Snyderman served as senior vice president for medical research and development at Genentech, Inc., the pioneering biomedical technology firm.  He has played a leadership role in important national organizations such as the Association of American Physicians, the National Academy of Medicine, and Association of American Medical Colleges. Dr. Snyderman earned a doctor of medicine degree from SUNY Downstate Medical Center. Mr. Mtibelishvily is currently managing director and chairman of corporate and investment banking in Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa for Citigroup, where he has served in various roles for nearly two decades. A specialist in corporate finance, capital markets, securities, and mergers and acquisitions, Mr. Mtibelishvily also has experience working with the multinational law firm Clifford Chance LLP. He earned a master of international legal studies degree from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations and a master of laws degree from the University of Virginia Law School. Dr. Snyderman and Mr. Mtibelishvily will replace vacating Argos directors Philippe Van Holle, M.B.A., and Andrei Petrov, Ph.D. “On behalf of the management team, board of directors and shareholders, I would like to thank Philippe and Andrei for their dedication and support over the last several years,” said Hubert Birner, Ph.D., chairman of the Argos board of directors. “They each have played an instrumental role in the growth and development of Argos.” About the Arcelis® Technology PlatformArcelis® is a precision immunotherapy technology that captures both mutated and variant antigens that are specific to each patient’s individual disease. It is designed to overcome immunosuppression by producing a specifically targeted, durable memory T-cell response without adjuvants that may be associated with toxicity. The technology is potentially applicable to the treatment of a wide range of different cancers and infectious diseases, and is designed to overcome many of the manufacturing and commercialization challenges that have impeded other personalized immunotherapies. The Arcelis® process uses only a small disease sample or biopsy as the source of disease-specific antigens, and the patient’s own dendritic cells, which are optimized from cells collected by a single leukapheresis procedure. The proprietary process uses RNA isolated from the patient's disease sample to program dendritic cells to target disease-specific antigens. These activated, antigen-loaded dendritic cells are then formulated with the patient’s plasma, and administered via intradermal injection as an individualized immunotherapy. About Argos TherapeuticsArgos Therapeutics is an immuno-oncology company focused on the development and commercialization of individualized immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer and infectious diseases using its Arcelis® technology platform. Argos' most advanced product candidate, AGS-003, is being evaluated in the pivotal ADAPT Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC).  In addition, AGS-003 is being studied in Phase 2 investigator-initiated clinical trials as neoadjuvant therapy for renal cell carcinoma (RCC) and for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Argos is also developing a separate Arcelis®-based product candidate, AGS-004, for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), which is currently being evaluated in an investigator-initiated Phase 2 clinical trial aimed at HIV eradication in adult patients. Forward Looking StatementsAny statements in this press release about Argos’ future expectations, plans and prospects, including statements about the expected and potential future closings of the private placement, Argos’ financial prospects, anticipated use of proceeds, future operations and sufficiency of funds for future operations, clinical development of Argos’ product candidates, expectations regarding future clinical trials and future expectations and plans and prospects for Argos and other statements containing the words "believes," "anticipates," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "predicts," "projects," "targets," “may,” "potential," "will," "would," "could," "should," "continue," and similar expressions, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including whether Argos' cash resources will be sufficient to fund its continuing operations for the periods anticipated; whether results obtained in clinical trials will be indicative of results obtained in future clinical trials; whether Argos' product candidates will advance through the clinical trial process on a timely basis; whether the results of such trials will warrant submission for approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration or equivalent foreign regulatory agencies; whether Argos' product candidates will receive approval from regulatory agencies on a timely basis or at all; whether, if product candidates obtain approval, they will be successfully distributed and marketed; and other factors discussed in the "Risk Factors" section of Argos’ Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, which is on file with the SEC, and in other filings Argos makes with the SEC from time to time. In addition, the forward-looking statements included in this press release represent Argos’ views as of the date hereof. Argos anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause Argos’ views to change. However, while Argos may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Argos specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Argos’ views as of any date subsequent to the date hereof.CONTACT: Media contact:

Adam Daley 
Berry & Company Public Relations
212-253-8881
adaley@berrypr.com

Investor contact:

John Menditto
Argos Therapeutics, Inc.
919-908-0687
jmenditto@argostherapeutics.comFacebook Twitter Linkedin Linkedin0Shares NASDAQ Market NewsClick here to email authorNEXT STORYMacrolide monotherapy works in some NTM lung diseasePREV STORYFDA affirms bladder cancer warning with diabetes drugSubscribe to PM360Follow UsExperts on CallRick RatliffEMR/EHR ConnectionsJeffrey D. ErbLife Sciences Medical Strategy Don FeilerBrand EngagementErik DaltonHCP EngagementRichard MeyerDTC MarketingJohn Weinman, PhDHealth PsychologyChris DowdPatient LoyaltyAmy GroggRare Disease & Orphan Drug Commercialization Bud BilanichSuccess CoachJessica BrueggemanPatient-Provider DialogueBrenda SnowAuthentic Patient Voice Get in touch with PM360 Experts On CallAdsYou May Also LikeNASDAQNASDAQ Mental Health Market NewsDoctors Administrative Solutions acquires ConXit Technology Group; forms national Health IT & management solutions firm: DAS HealthTampa, Fla., Jan. 04, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- United by a common business culture, ...NASDAQ Market NewsJanuary 8, 2016NASDAQNASDAQ Mental Health Market NewsLightlake Therapeutics Inc. Announces Collaboration With NIDA and the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of PennsylvaniaNEW YORK, Dec. 23, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Lightlake Therapeutics Inc. (“Lightlake”) (OTCQB:LLTP), a ...NASDAQ Market NewsJanuary 8, 2016NASDAQNASDAQ Mental Health Market NewsCareSource Foundation Awards $1.6 Million to Ohio Nonprofit Organizations in 2015DAYTON, Ohio, Dec. 21, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The CareSource Foundation has announced the ...NASDAQ Market NewsJanuary 8, 2016     



Argos Therapeutics Inc : ARGS Company News at Ally Invest





















Quotes Snapshot > ARGSArgos Therapeutics Inc ARGS:NASDAQSet AlertOptionsStreaming ChartsLast Price$0.31NASDAQ Closing Price as of 4:00PM ET 7/26/17Today's Change+0.01(5.01%)Bid (Size)$0.29 (65)Ask (Size)$0.32 (95)Day Low / High$0.28 - 0.47Volume30.8  MSellBuySnapshotChartsNewsOptionsEarningsFundamentalsFinancialsInsiders



Argos Therapeutics Appoints Dr. Ralph Snyderman and Irackly Mtibelishvily to the Company's Board of DirectorsBack to ARGS News

Share Story8:30AM ET 12/13/2016 Globe NewswireDURHAM, N.C., Dec.  13, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Argos Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq: ARGS) ("Argos"), an immuno-oncology company focused on the development and commercialization of individualized immunotherapies based on the Arcelis® precision immunotherapy technology platform, today announced the appointment of Ralph Snyderman, M.D., and Irackly Mtibelishvily, LL.M., to the company's board of directors.
"It is a privilege to welcome a pair of profoundly accomplished professionals to the Argos board of directors who offer renowned expertise in each of their respective fields," said Jeff Abbey, president and CEO of Argos. "Dr. Snyderman is widely referred to as the ‘father of personalized medicine' and his experience running the Duke University Health System as well as his senior leadership roles at Genentech will help guide us as we advance our individualized immunotherapy through the final stages of clinical development, assess indication expansion and approach our goal of becoming a fully-integrated commercial company. In addition, Irackly Mtibelishvily is globally recognized as one of the most experienced international investment bankers and will advise on important corporate finance and other strategic activities in the years ahead." Dr. Snyderman is chancellor emeritus at Duke University, James B. Duke professor of medicine, and director of the Center for Research on Personalized Health Care.  He served as chancellor for health affairs and dean of the Duke University School of Medicine from 1989 to 2004.  During this time, he oversaw the development of the Duke University Health System and served as its first president and chief executive officer. Dr. Snyderman has played a leading role in the conception and development of Personalized Health Care, an evolving model of national health care delivery.  Previously, Dr. Snyderman served as senior vice president for medical research and development at Genentech, Inc., the pioneering biomedical technology firm.  He has played a leadership role in important national organizations such as the Association of American Physicians, the National Academy of Medicine, and Association of American Medical Colleges. Dr. Snyderman earned a doctor of medicine degree from SUNY Downstate Medical Center. Mr. Mtibelishvily is currently managing director and chairman of corporate and investment banking in Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa for Citigroup, where he has served in various roles for nearly two decades. A specialist in corporate finance, capital markets, securities, and mergers and acquisitions, Mr. Mtibelishvily also has experience working with the multinational law firm Clifford Chance LLP. He earned a master of international legal studies degree from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations and a master of laws degree from the University of Virginia Law School. Dr. Snyderman and Mr. Mtibelishvily will replace vacating Argos directors Philippe Van Holle, M.B.A., and Andrei Petrov, Ph.D. "On behalf of the management team, board of directors and shareholders, I would like to thank Philippe and Andrei for their dedication and support over the last several years," said Hubert Birner, Ph.D., chairman of the Argos board of directors. "They each have played an instrumental role in the growth and development of Argos." About the Arcelis® Technology PlatformArcelis® is a precision immunotherapy technology that captures both mutated and variant antigens that are specific to each patient's individual disease. It is designed to overcome immunosuppression by producing a specifically targeted, durable memory T-cell response without adjuvants that may be associated with toxicity. The technology is potentially applicable to the treatment of a wide range of different cancers and infectious diseases, and is designed to overcome many of the manufacturing and commercialization challenges that have impeded other personalized immunotherapies. The Arcelis® process uses only a small disease sample or biopsy as the source of disease-specific antigens, and the patient's own dendritic cells, which are optimized from cells collected by a single leukapheresis procedure. The proprietary process uses RNA isolated from the patient's disease sample to program dendritic cells to target disease-specific antigens. These activated, antigen-loaded dendritic cells are then formulated with the patient's plasma, and administered via intradermal injection as an individualized immunotherapy. About Argos TherapeuticsArgos Therapeutics is an immuno-oncology company focused on the development and commercialization of individualized immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer and infectious diseases using its Arcelis® technology platform. Argos' most advanced product candidate, AGS-003, is being evaluated in the pivotal ADAPT Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC).  In addition, AGS-003 is being studied in Phase 2 investigator-initiated clinical trials as neoadjuvant therapy for renal cell carcinoma (RCC) and for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Argos is also developing a separate Arcelis®-based product candidate, AGS-004, for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), which is currently being evaluated in an investigator-initiated Phase 2 clinical trial aimed at HIV eradication in adult patients. Forward Looking StatementsAny statements in this press release about Argos' future expectations, plans and prospects, including statements about the expected and potential future closings of the private placement, Argos' financial prospects, anticipated use of proceeds, future operations and sufficiency of funds for future operations, clinical development of Argos' product candidates, expectations regarding future clinical trials and future expectations and plans and prospects for Argos and other statements containing the words "believes," "anticipates," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "predicts," "projects," "targets," "may," "potential," "will," "would," "could," "should," "continue," and similar expressions, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including whether Argos' cash resources will be sufficient to fund its continuing operations for the periods anticipated; whether results obtained in clinical trials will be indicative of results obtained in future clinical trials; whether Argos' product candidates will advance through the clinical trial process on a timely basis; whether the results of such trials will warrant submission for approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration or equivalent foreign regulatory agencies; whether Argos' product candidates will receive approval from regulatory agencies on a timely basis or at all; whether, if product candidates obtain approval, they will be successfully distributed and marketed; and other factors discussed in the "Risk Factors" section of Argos' Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, which is on file with the SEC, and in other filings Argos makes with the SEC from time to time. In addition, the forward-looking statements included in this press release represent Argos' views as of the date hereof. Argos anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause Argos' views to change. However, while Argos may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Argos specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Argos' views as of any date subsequent to the date hereof.Media contact:
Adam Daley 
Berry & Company Public Relations
212-253-8881
adaley@berrypr.com
Investor contact:
John Menditto
Argos Therapeutics, Inc.
919-908-0687
jmenditto@argostherapeutics.com







Other Top Stories (ARGS)Results of Elementia as of the Second Quarter 2017(1)Church of Scientology Celebrates "Freedom of Religio...Intellipharmaceutics Provides Update on FDA Advisory...Xenith Bankshares, Inc. Reports Second Quarter and F...Pulse Seismic Inc. Reports Q2 2017 Results



Most Popular StoriesArgos Therapeutics Announces $6,000,000 Secured Conv...Argos Provides Update on its ADAPT Trial Following M...Argos Therapeutics Reports Highlights from Investor ...Argos Therapeutics Reports First Quarter 2016 Financ...DEADLINE ALERT: Brower Piven Alerts Shareholders of ...Most Popular Keyword Searchestsla BABA F TWTR bac FB NFLX AAPL spy Enter Symbol or Name GPRO amd znga ddd JCP MJNA amzn KKD goog FNMA 

 

























Argos Therapeutics Appoints Dr. Ralph Snyderman and Irackly Mtibelishvily to the Company’s Board of Directors



















































Support: 888-992-3836 | Newswire | Home | Log in












Boards


Stocks


Commodities


Forex


Cryptocurrency


The Lounge




Hot!


Breakout Boards


iHub My Stocks Activity


Ticker Buzz Cloud


Most Read


Most Posted


Most Followed Members


Recent News


Active Boards


Site Stats


New Boards


Cannabis Stocks




Tools


Data Tools >


Charts


Trader Alerts


Trades


Portfolio


Top Lists


Price & News Alerts


Commodities


Markets in 3D




NewsWire


More Tools >


Newsletters


My Image Gallery


Advanced Search


Videos


All News


Stock Screener


News Filter


Live Charts


Live News


Live Desktop


Forex Prices


Commodities


ETF Center


Educational Channel


Personal Finance Q&A






Streamer


Level 2


Follow Feed
























QuoteChartLevel 2TradesNewsHistoricalTechnical AnalysisMessage BoardArgos Therapeutics, Inc. (MM) (NASDAQ)




Argos Therapeutics Appoints Dr. Ralph Snyderman and Irackly Mtibelishvily to the Company’s Board of Directors


Date : 12/13/2016 @ 8:30AM


Source : GlobeNewswire Inc.


Stock : Argos Therapeutics, Inc. (MM) (ARGS)


Quote :  0.31  0.0148 (5.01%) @ 8:00PM


 








Argos Therapeutics Appoints Dr. Ralph Snyderman and Irackly Mtibelishvily to the Company’s Board of DirectorsTweet


Print


ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC (NASDAQ:ARGS)Historical Stock Chart
1 Year : From Jul 2016 to Jul 2017


Argos Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq:ARGS) (“Argos”), an immuno-oncology company focused on the development and commercialization of individualized immunotherapies based on the Arcelis® precision immunotherapy technology platform, today announced the appointment of Ralph Snyderman, M.D., and Irackly Mtibelishvily, LL.M., to the company's board of directors.
“It is a privilege to welcome a pair of profoundly accomplished professionals to the Argos board of directors who offer renowned expertise in each of their respective fields,” said Jeff Abbey, president and CEO of Argos. “Dr. Snyderman is widely referred to as the ‘father of personalized medicine’ and his experience running the Duke University Health System as well as his senior leadership roles at Genentech will help guide us as we advance our individualized immunotherapy through the final stages of clinical development, assess indication expansion and approach our goal of becoming a fully-integrated commercial company. In addition, Irackly Mtibelishvily is globally recognized as one of the most experienced international investment bankers and will advise on important corporate finance and other strategic activities in the years ahead.” Dr. Snyderman is chancellor emeritus at Duke University, James B. Duke professor of medicine, and director of the Center for Research on Personalized Health Care.  He served as chancellor for health affairs and dean of the Duke University School of Medicine from 1989 to 2004.  During this time, he oversaw the development of the Duke University Health System and served as its first president and chief executive officer. Dr. Snyderman has played a leading role in the conception and development of Personalized Health Care, an evolving model of national health care delivery.  Previously, Dr. Snyderman served as senior vice president for medical research and development at Genentech, Inc., the pioneering biomedical technology firm.  He has played a leadership role in important national organizations such as the Association of American Physicians, the National Academy of Medicine, and Association of American Medical Colleges. Dr. Snyderman earned a doctor of medicine degree from SUNY Downstate Medical Center. Mr. Mtibelishvily is currently managing director and chairman of corporate and investment banking in Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa for Citigroup, where he has served in various roles for nearly two decades. A specialist in corporate finance, capital markets, securities, and mergers and acquisitions, Mr. Mtibelishvily also has experience working with the multinational law firm Clifford Chance LLP. He earned a master of international legal studies degree from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations and a master of laws degree from the University of Virginia Law School. Dr. Snyderman and Mr. Mtibelishvily will replace vacating Argos directors Philippe Van Holle, M.B.A., and Andrei Petrov, Ph.D. “On behalf of the management team, board of directors and shareholders, I would like to thank Philippe and Andrei for their dedication and support over the last several years,” said Hubert Birner, Ph.D., chairman of the Argos board of directors. “They each have played an instrumental role in the growth and development of Argos.” About the Arcelis® Technology PlatformArcelis® is a precision immunotherapy technology that captures both mutated and variant antigens that are specific to each patient’s individual disease. It is designed to overcome immunosuppression by producing a specifically targeted, durable memory T-cell response without adjuvants that may be associated with toxicity. The technology is potentially applicable to the treatment of a wide range of different cancers and infectious diseases, and is designed to overcome many of the manufacturing and commercialization challenges that have impeded other personalized immunotherapies. The Arcelis® process uses only a small disease sample or biopsy as the source of disease-specific antigens, and the patient’s own dendritic cells, which are optimized from cells collected by a single leukapheresis procedure. The proprietary process uses RNA isolated from the patient's disease sample to program dendritic cells to target disease-specific antigens. These activated, antigen-loaded dendritic cells are then formulated with the patient’s plasma, and administered via intradermal injection as an individualized immunotherapy. About Argos TherapeuticsArgos Therapeutics is an immuno-oncology company focused on the development and commercialization of individualized immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer and infectious diseases using its Arcelis® technology platform. Argos' most advanced product candidate, AGS-003, is being evaluated in the pivotal ADAPT Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC).  In addition, AGS-003 is being studied in Phase 2 investigator-initiated clinical trials as neoadjuvant therapy for renal cell carcinoma (RCC) and for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Argos is also developing a separate Arcelis®-based product candidate, AGS-004, for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), which is currently being evaluated in an investigator-initiated Phase 2 clinical trial aimed at HIV eradication in adult patients. Forward Looking StatementsAny statements in this press release about Argos’ future expectations, plans and prospects, including statements about the expected and potential future closings of the private placement, Argos’ financial prospects, anticipated use of proceeds, future operations and sufficiency of funds for future operations, clinical development of Argos’ product candidates, expectations regarding future clinical trials and future expectations and plans and prospects for Argos and other statements containing the words "believes," "anticipates," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "predicts," "projects," "targets," “may,” "potential," "will," "would," "could," "should," "continue," and similar expressions, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including whether Argos' cash resources will be sufficient to fund its continuing operations for the periods anticipated; whether results obtained in clinical trials will be indicative of results obtained in future clinical trials; whether Argos' product candidates will advance through the clinical trial process on a timely basis; whether the results of such trials will warrant submission for approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration or equivalent foreign regulatory agencies; whether Argos' product candidates will receive approval from regulatory agencies on a timely basis or at all; whether, if product candidates obtain approval, they will be successfully distributed and marketed; and other factors discussed in the "Risk Factors" section of Argos’ Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, which is on file with the SEC, and in other filings Argos makes with the SEC from time to time. In addition, the forward-looking statements included in this press release represent Argos’ views as of the date hereof. Argos anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause Argos’ views to change. However, while Argos may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Argos specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Argos’ views as of any date subsequent to the date hereof.
Media contact:

Adam Daley 
Berry & Company Public Relations
212-253-8881
adaley@berrypr.com

Investor contact:

John Menditto
Argos Therapeutics, Inc.
919-908-0687
jmenditto@argostherapeutics.com





 








Latest ARGS Messages




 View More Posts
 Remove From Favorites
 Add to Favorites















{{bbMessage.M_Alias}}

{{bbMessage.MSG_Date}}
{{bbMessage.HowLongAgo}}
{{bbMessage.MSG_ID}}

{{bbMessage.MSG_Subject}}






















												Share on Facebook
											


												 Share on Twitter
											

 
												 Share on Email
											












Loading Messages....







No posts yet, be the first!
No {{symbol}} Message Board. Create One!
See More Posts on {{symbol}} Message Board

See More Message Board Posts










 

 
Your Recent History
						


 


 







LSE






					GKP
				




				Gulf Keyst..
			








LSE






					QPP
				




				Quindell
			








FTSE






					UKX
				




				FTSE 100
			








LSE






					IOF
				




				Iofina
			








FX






					GBPUSD
				




				UK Sterlin..
			



 

Stocks you've viewed will appear in this box, letting you easily return to quotes you've seen previously.Register now to create your own custom streaming stock watchlist.
  



NYSE, AMEX, and ASX quotes are delayed by at least 20 minutes.All other quotes are delayed by at least 15 minutes unless otherwise stated.		













Citigroup Hires New Head of Russia Banking, Creates CIS Roles











Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.












For Immediate Release
Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C)

April 28, 2011
Citigroup Hires New Head of Russia Banking, Creates CIS Roles


Moscow  Citigroup has hired Dmitry Ankudinov as Head of Banking for Russia, one of the group's key focus countries within EMEA. Ankudinov joins from Renaissance Capital, where he worked for more than 15 years, most recently as a Senior Banker with coverage responsibility for some of the firm's largest clients. He supported activity across a number of businesses, including Investment Banking, Asset Management and consumer credit.

In conjunction with Ankudinov's appointment, Citi has realigned its coverage model for the Russia/Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) region. Irackly Mtibelishvily, currently Chairman of Russia Banking, will undertake additional responsibilities and become Chairman of Russia/CIS Banking (including Kazakhstan and Ukraine). Alex Waechter, currently Head of Banking for Russia, has been promoted to Head of Banking for CIS, reporting to Irackly Mtibelishvily.

"The CIS regional approach aligns the Banking organization with Citi's other institutional businesses, allowing a more integrated and effective delivery of advice, products and client coverage," says James Bardrick, co-head of Banking, EMEA. "This reorganization, as well as Dmitry's established track record in M&A and capital markets origination, coupled with his strong client relationships in  the region, will be key in taking the Russian investment banking  business forward."

 




							More ways to get Citi news
						




Get the app for Android







Get the app for iOS







Get e-mail alerts







Citi
Citi, the leading global financial services company, has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. Through Citicorp and Citi Holdings, Citi provides consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, transaction services, and wealth management. Additional information may be found at www.citigroup.com.


















