




Mudrick Capital Management L.P. :: Team






















This password protected portion of the site is intended exclusively for Mudrick’s investors and other parties to whom Mudrick has explicitly granted access. Unauthorized access is strictly prohibited. The redistribution of any material provided herein is also strictly prohibited.








By clicking this Log In box, you attest that you are using Log In credentials provided specifically to you by Mudrick.
Log In
Forgot your password?
Request Access










About Us

Team
Investor Communications
Contact Us
Log in







Team



Portfolio Management / Research / Trading
Jason Mudrick  | President & Chief Investment Officer
Jason is the founder and Chief Investment Officer of Mudrick Capital Management, L.P., an investment firm that specializes in long and short investments in distressed credit. Mudrick Capital was founded in 2009 with $5 million under management. As of July 2017, the firm has grown to manage approximately $1.6 billion, primarily for institutional clients.Jason began his Wall Street career in 2000 advising on mergers and acquisition transactions as an Associate in Merrill Lynch’s Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking Group. In 2001 he joined Contrarian Capital Management, where he began his focus on distressed investing. In October 2002 Jason launched the Contrarian Equity Fund, an investment vehicle focused on purchasing distressed debt that would be restructured into equity, post-bankruptcy equities and other event driven deep value special situations. As Managing Director and Portfolio Manager at Contrarian, Jason grew that business to peak assets of approximately $400 million in the Contrarian Equity Fund and close to $1 billion in total assets including the positions Contrarian’s other funds co-invested along-side Jason's fund. Jason left Contrarian in October 2008 to launch Mudrick Capital.Jason has served on multiple creditors' committees and served on the Board of Directors of numerous public and private companies, including Safety-Kleen Holdings, Integrated Alarm Services Group, Salton, Rotech Healthcare and Dex Media. Jason also spent two years in graduate school teaching economics classes to Harvard University undergraduates. Jason has a B.A. in Political Science from the College of the University of Chicago and a J.D. from Harvard Law School. Jason was previously admitted to the New York State Bar.
Victor Danh  | Managing Director, Head of Research & Senior Analyst
Victor is a Managing Director, Head of Research, and Senior Analyst at Mudrick Capital Management, L.P., where he is responsible for analyzing distressed credit and equity opportunities across a diverse range of industries and overseeing and coordinating the research team. Prior to joining Mudrick Capital Management, L.P., Victor was a Vice President and Assistant Portfolio Manager at Contrarian Capital Management, LLC from 2003 to 2009 where he focused on deep value and distressed investments in a wide range of industries across the entire capital structure. Previously, Victor worked at Merrill Lynch in the Mergers and Acquisitions Group and at UBS in the Technology Investment Banking Group. Victor received a B.A. in Economics from Harvard College.
David Kirsch  | Managing Director & Senior Analyst
David is a Managing Director and Senior Analyst at Mudrick Capital Management, L.P., where he is responsible for analyzing distressed credit and equity opportunities across a diverse range of industries. Prior to joining Mudrick Capital Management, LP, David was a Senior Analyst and Managing Director at Miura Global Management, a multi-billion dollar global long-short equity hedge fund from 2008 to 2010 where he was responsible for coverage of the financial and consumer industries across the Americas, Europe and Asia. David gained extensive restructuring experience as a Director at Alvarez & Marsal from 2003-2008. At Alvarez & Marsal, he held primary or lead management roles on an interim basis for distressed companies and advised creditors on balance sheet solutions to maximize the value of their investments. Selected assignments include representing Senior Secured Creditors in the Delphi and Oneida restructurings and overseeing the Tarragon (public real estate development company) Finance Department during its restructuring. David began his Wall Street career as an Analyst in the Healthcare Industry Group in the Investment Banking Division of Banc of America Securities. David received his B.S. Magna Cum Laude in Economics from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.
Beau Harbour  | Managing Director & Senior Analyst
Beau is a Managing Director and Senior Analyst at Mudrick Capital Management, L.P.  He is responsible for analyzing distressed credit and equity opportunities across a diverse range of industries. Prior to joining Mudrick Capital, Beau was a Managing Director at Fortress Investment Group LLC, which he joined as part of a strategic transaction with Mount Kellett Capital Management LP, a global special situations investment fund with $7 billion under management.  Beau joined Mount Kellett at its inception in 2008 and was most recently a Managing Director and Co-Head of Corporate Investing, focusing on deep value, special situations, and distressed investments across the capital structure. He covered a range of industries in both the public and private markets.  While at Mount Kellett, he also served on the Board of Directors of the Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company, Inc., where he was responsible for directing the company's capital markets, mergers and acquisitions, real estate, and restructuring activities on behalf of the board.  Beau started his career in investment banking as an analyst in the Financial Sponsors Group at Credit Suisse before joining Citadel Investment Group as an investment analyst.  Beau received his A.B. magna cum laude in Politics and a Certificate in Finance from Princeton University.
Shankar Murugavell  | Senior Analyst
Shankar is a Senior Analyst at Mudrick Capital Management, L.P., where he focuses on analyzing credit and equity opportunities across a diverse range of industries. Prior to joining Mudrick Capital, Shankar was an Analyst in the Mergers & Acquisitions and Diversified Industrials Group at UBS Investment Bank from 2007 to 2009 and a Summer Analyst in 2006. At UBS, Shankar advised companies in various industries, including diversified industrials, energy and consumer products, on strategic alternatives including mergers and acquisitions and capital market opportunities. Shankar received a B.A. in Economics and Political Science from Northwestern University.
Kent Kim  | Senior Analyst
Kent is a Senior Analyst at Mudrick Capital Management, L.P., where he focuses on analyzing credit and equity opportunities across a diverse range of industries. Prior to joining Mudrick Capital, Kent was an associate from 2011 to 2013 at Kohlberg & Company, a multi-billion dollar private equity firm. While there, Kent worked on a variety of middle market private equity transactions including platform and add-on investments, divestitures, and financings across numerous industries. Prior to that, Kent was an Analyst in the Leveraged Finance Origination & Restructuring investment banking group at Credit Suisse from 2009 to 2011. Kent received his B.A. in Economics, magna cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa, from Princeton University.
Eric Heiman  | Analyst
Eric is an Analyst at Mudrick Capital Management, L.P., where he works on distressed credit and equity opportunities across a diverse range of industries. Prior to joining Mudrick Capital in 2017, Eric was a Senior Associate at Brookfield Capital Partners focusing on private equity, special situations and distressed-for-control investments. Previously, Eric was an Analyst in the M&A Group at Lazard Frères & Co. Eric received a B.S. summa cum laude in Economics from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.
Jordan Fine  | Analyst
Jordan is an Analyst at Mudrick Capital Management, L.P., where he focuses on analyzing credit and equity opportunities across a diverse range of industries. Prior to joining Mudrick Capital, Jordan was an analyst at Wingspan Investment Management from 2015 to 2017. While there, Jordan evaluated event-driven stressed/distressed credit and equity opportunities within various industries and throughout the entire capital structure. Prior to Wingspan, Jordan worked as an analyst in the Financial Restructuring Group at Houlihan Lokey from 2013 to 2015. Jordan earned a dual B.S. degree, magna cum laude, in finance and accounting from the Leonard N. Stern School of Business at New York University.
Josh Mactaggart  | Assistant Analyst
Josh is an Assistant Analyst at Mudrick Capital Management, L.P., where he supports the research analysts with company and industry-related research and investment due diligence. Josh received his B.S. in Mathematics from Indiana University in 2013, where he was Captain of the Men's Tennis Team for three years, and was an Academic All-American and Big Ten Distinguished Scholar.
Kevin Sahl  | Head Trader
Kevin is the Head Trader at Mudrick Capital Management, L.P., where he is responsible for trade execution and analyzing distressed credit and equity opportunities across a diverse range of industries. Formerly, Kevin was as an Analyst and the Head Trader at Kenmont Investments Management, LP from 2005 to 2009, covering various industries within the transportation sector. Prior to that, Kevin was an Analyst with Carlson Capital, LP from 2003 to 2005, focusing on investments in the airline sector. Kevin also assisted in risk analysis of Carlson’s credit portfolio. Before his work at Carlson, he was a Senior Associate at DebtTraders, Inc. from 2002 to 2003, where he specialized in aircraft trust certificates. He also worked as a Summer Associate at Lincolnshire Management, Inc., a private equity firm in 2001. Before attending graduate school, Kevin was a Loan Trading Analyst at Bank of Montreal from 1996 to 2000. Kevin received his M.B.A. from New York University’s Stern School of Business, where he concentrated in Finance and Accounting, and served as a Statistics Teaching Fellow. Kevin received his B.S. in Mathematics with a subfield in Economics from the College of the University of Chicago.
Tyler Hill  | Assistant Trader
Tyler is an Assistant Trader at Mudrick Capital Management, L.P., where he supports the Head Trader with trade execution and analysis while serving as a liaison to other departments within the firm. Prior to joining Mudrick Capital, Tyler was an Operations Associate at Goldman, Sachs & Co. where he supported the Bank Loan, Structured Credit & Investing and Special Situations businesses from 2013 to 2016. Prior to Goldman Sachs, Tyler was a Senior Trading Operations Analyst at Fidelity Investments where he worked tangentially with the Foreign Equity, Emerging Market Bond and Foreign Exchange trading desks from 2010 to 2013. Tyler received his B.A. in Economics from the University of Texas at Austin.
Operations / Accounting
Glenn Springer, CPA  | Chief Financial Officer
Glenn is the Chief Financial Officer of Mudrick Capital Management, L.P., where he oversees the finance, accounting and operations functions. Prior to joining Mudrick Capital, Glenn was Chief Financial Officer & Chief Operating Officer at Turtle Creek Investment Advisors, LLC from 2007 to 2008 where he developed from inception, its operational and financial infrastructure. Prior to joining Turtle Creek, Glenn served as Chief Financial Officer & Chief Compliance Officer of SBZ Select Investments, LLC from 2005 to 2007 where he was responsible for the finance, accounting and compliance functions, including the registration of two investment advisors with the SEC. Previously, Glenn served as Controller (A.A.I.UK), Director of Fund Accounting, and a Risk Management Affiliated Fund Analyst at Asset Alliance Corporation from 2000 to 2004. Prior to Asset Alliance, Glenn was a Senior Accountant in PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP’s Financial Services and Business Advisory Services Group from 1998 to 2000 where his focus was on audits of a variety of investment companies including hedge funds and private equity funds. Glenn began his career at Richard A. Eisner & Co. LLP from 1996 to 1998 where he was a Senior Accountant in the Audit Department. Glenn received a B.A. from the State University of Albany and an M.B.A. from Baruch College, CUNY. Glenn is a Certified Public Accountant in the State of New York.
Jonathan Villoslada, CPA  | Controller
Jonathan is the Controller of Mudrick Capital Management, L.P., where he supports the CFO in overseeing finance, operations, and administrative functions. Prior to joining Mudrick Capital, Jonathan served as Controller of GLG Ore Hill LLC, where he was employed from 2008 to 2014 and was responsible for the fund accounting and reporting functions of the fund. Prior to joining GLG Ore Hill LLC, Jonathan was an Auditor in PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP's Assurance and Business Advisory Services Group from 2005 to 2007 where his audit clients included hedge funds and broker dealers. Jonathan received a B.S. in Accounting from Rutgers College. Jonathan is a Certified Public Accountant in the State of New York.
Jyotika Israni  | Assistant Controller
Jyotika is the Assistant Controller at Mudrick Capital Management, L.P., where she assists the CFO in overseeing the finance, operations, and administrative functions. From 2008 to 2011, Jyotika was a Senior Auditor in Ernst and Young, LLP’s Financial Services asset management practice where her audit clients included private equity funds, hedge funds, and mutual funds. Jyotika was the recipient of a Dean’s scholarship while pursuing her B.S. in Computer Science with a minor in Mathematics from Northeastern Illinois University. She also received an MBA with a concentration in Accounting from Syracuse University.
Anthony Turilli  | Operations Associate
Anthony is an Operations Associate at Mudrick Capital Management, L.P., where he is responsible for multiple operations functions that support the Mudrick team. Prior to joining Mudrick Capital, Anthony was an Operations Associate at Och-Ziff Capital Management from 2013 to 2016 where he was responsible for the daily operations of various products and Funds including the OZ Master Fund.  Anthony also supported the Futures desks in New York, Hong Kong and London. Prior to joining Och-Ziff, Anthony was a Hedge Fund Accountant at Meridian Fund Services from 2009 to 2013 where he was responsible for the daily and month-end accounting functions of more than fifteen hedge fund clients.  Prior to Meridian, Anthony was a Private Equity Fund Accountant at Mourant Fund Services from 2007 to 2009 where he focused on reconciliations, capital call distributions and financial statement preparation. Anthony began his career in 2007 at J.P. Morgan Chase in their Fund Accounting group.  Anthony holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Boston University.
Carter Mann  | Executive & Marketing Assistant
Carter is an Executive and Marketing Assistant for Mudrick Capital Management, L.P. Prior to joining Mudrick Capital, Carter was an Account Manager at Quintessentially, a private members’ club with a global concierge service, from 2008 to the Spring of 2011. At Quintessentially, she was personally responsible for up to 50 members’ events, travel, and activities in the US and overseas, both corporate and personal. Previously, Carter worked as an Analyst and Executive Assistant at ETB Consulting in Charlottesville, VA where she handled investment fund activities and administrative duties. Carter received her B.A in Economics with a Minor in Sociology from the University of Virginia (2007).
Erica Rosenblum  | Office Manager & Client Services
Erica is the Office Manager and responsible for client services at Mudrick Capital Management, L.P. Prior to joining Mudrick Capital in 2015, Erica was a Development Officer at Futures in Education, a non-profit organization providing scholarships to underprivileged inner-city children. At Futures in Education, Erica was responsible for organizing and overseeing high-level events, developing and managing relationships with donors and securing major gifts. Previously, Erica worked at Parasol Marketing and Susan Magrino Agency as a luxury lifestyle and travel publicist, where her clients ranged from international properties and destinations to iconic American brands. Erica received her B.A. in English with a Minor in History from Rutgers University.
Client Services
Janet Joyce Arzt, CFA  | Director of Business Development & Investor Relations
Janet is Director of Business Development and Investor Relations at Mudrick Capital Management, L.P., where she oversees business development, investor relations and client services. Prior to joining Mudrick Capital, Janet was a Vice President in the Client Advisory Group at York Capital Management from 2010 to 2014 where she was responsible for investor relations and business development. Prior to joining York, Janet worked at Morgan Creek Capital Management as a Senior Analyst on the public investments team where she focused on hedge fund investments. Previously, she worked at Merrill Lynch as an investment banker in the Financial Institutions Group and Equity Capital Markets. Janet received a B.S. in Commerce from the McIntire School of Commerce at the University of Virginia and holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation.
Erika Hanauer  | Business Development & Investor Relations
Erika is responsible for business development and investor relations for Mudrick Capital Management, L.P. Prior to joining Mudrick Capital in 2015, Erika was an Associate within the Institutional Client Business at BlackRock from 2013 to 2015, where she was responsible for developing and maintaining relationships with foundations, endowments, and family offices. Prior to her role in Institutional Client Business, Erika was a Product Strategist within BlackRock Alternative Advisors from 2011 to 2013, where she was responsible for product strategy, marketing, and client service for BlackRock’s fund of hedge fund products. Previously, Erika was in the Sales and Trading Analyst program at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Erika received a B.S. in Finance with a minor in Psychology from Lehigh University.
Katherine Rynone  | Business Development & Investor Relations
Katherine is responsible for business development and investor relations for Mudrick Capital Management, L.P. Prior to joining Mudrick Capital, Katherine was a member of the Investor Relations team at BlueMountain Capital Management from 2014 to 2017 where she was responsible for marketing and investor relations . She also served as the team’s Head of Platform Distribution where she was responsible for developing and maintaining relationships within the private wealth channel. Katherine began her career at BlueMountain in 2010 working in the office of the CEO. Katherine received her B.A. in English from Loyola University Maryland with honors in May 2010.
Jamie Ferrara  | Investor Relations
Jamie is an Investor Relations Associate for Mudrick Capital Management, L.P., where she is responsible for investor relations and client services. Prior to joining Mudrick Capital in 2009, Jamie was the Public Relations Coordinator for McKenna Long & Aldridge LLP, an international law firm, from 2007 to the Fall of 2009. At McKenna, Jamie coordinated and managed all media relations for the firm, managed the firm media database and website, and coordinated firm events. Jamie received a BA in Business Administration from Miami University in Ohio (2005) and a Masters in Integrated Marketing Communications from Emerson College in Boston (2006).
Legal / Compliance
John O'Callaghan, Esq.  | General Counsel & Chief Compliance Officer
John is the General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer of Mudrick Capital Management, L.P., where he oversees the legal and compliance functions of the firm. Prior to joining Mudrick Capital, John was Associate General Counsel of Lone Pine Capital LLC from 2012 to 2017 where he was responsible for developing and managing legal and compliance functions within the firm.  Prior to joining Lone Pine, John was an Associate at Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP from 2007 to 2012 where he focused on advising investment advisers and private funds on legal and compliance matters.  John received a B.A. in Chemistry with departmental honors from The Johns Hopkins University and a J.D. cum laude from Brooklyn Law School.  John is admitted to the New York and Connecticut state bars.





Mudrick Capital Management, L.P.
527 Madison Avenue, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10022 646 747 9500   |   IR@mudrickcapital.com


THIS WEBSITE IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. Important Legal Terms, Conditions and Notices >
© 2017 Mudrick Capital Management, L.P.






Important Legal Terms, Conditions & Notices

This web site (the “Site”) is for informational purposes only. Under no circumstances should any material at this Site be used or considered as an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy an interest in any investment fund managed by Mudrick Capital Management, L.P. ("Mudrick") or for the provision of any investment advice, investment management or advisory services. Any such offer will only be made by means of a Confidential Offering Memorandum or Investment Management Agreement, as applicable, and only in jurisdictions where permitted by law. Additionally, access to information about any fund is limited to investors who, among other requirements, qualify as accredited investors within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or otherwise meet the criteria determined by Mudrick in its sole discretion.
By accessing this Site, you signify your agreement with and understanding of these terms, conditions, and notices pertaining to both this Site and any material at it. This Site is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of this Site constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions and notices. Mudrick reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which this Site is offered at any time, without notice. Your use of this Site after we post any changes to these terms, conditions, and notices constitutes your agreement to those changes. Any such change to these terms, conditions, and notices will be effective upon posting to the Site.
Mudrick reserves all rights with respect to copyright and trademark ownership of all material at this Site, and will enforce such rights to the full extent of law. This Site is for your personal and non-commercial use. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products, or services obtained from the Site.
While Mudrick uses reasonable efforts to update the information on this Site, Mudrick makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of any information at this Site. Any content on the site are subject to change at any time, without notice.
Mudrick has not reviewed any of the sites linked to this Site, and is not responsible for the content of off-site pages or any other site linked or linking to the Site. Your linking to any off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
The materials at the Site are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law. Mudrick further assumes no responsibility for, and makes no warranties that, functions contained in the Site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Site or the server that makes it available will be free of viruses or other harmful components. Mudrick shall not be liable for any damages to, viruses that may infect, or services, repairs or corrections that must be performed, on your computer or other property on account of your accessing or use of this Site.
Unless otherwise specified, the materials in or accessible through the Site are directed at residents of the United States, its territories, possessions, and protectorates. The Site is controlled and operated by Mudrick from its offices within the State of New York, United States of America. Neither Mudrick nor any of its affiliates makes any representation that materials in or accessible through the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations or that access to them where their content is located is not illegal and prohibited. Those who choose to access the Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for establishing the legality, usability and correctness of any information or materials under any or all jurisdictions and the compliance of that information or material with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
There is a strict prohibition on the use this site for or in connection with any illegal, fraudulent, harassing or similar prohibited purpose, including (but not limited to) posting illegal, immoral, provocative or defamatory statements in or on any part of the site, or posting on or submitting to the site any material which might cause Mudrick to violate any applicable law, statute, directive or regulation or that could, in Mudrick's sole discretion, as applicable, adversely affect their respective reputations. You accept any and all liability resulting from any such prohibited use of the site, and indemnify and hold harmless Mudrick and its respective officers, directors, agents, partners, shareholders, members, controlling entities and employees (collectively, "Indemnitees") from and against any liability, claim, cost, loss, judgment, damage or expense (including attorneys' fees and expenses) that any Indemnitee incurs or suffers as a result of, or arising out of, your breach of anything set forth in these legal terms, conditions and notices.
Mudrick understands that visitors to this Site are concerned about the privacy of their information. This policy applies to information collected from, or which may be submitted to, this Site. At the present time, Mudrick does not collect any personally identifiable information about visitors to this Site. This Site does use “cookies” which may automatically collect certain information and data. “Cookies” are small pieces of data sent to your computer browser from our web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. The data identifies you as a unique user and facilitates your ongoing access to and use of this Site. Cookies also help us diagnose server problems. Cookies do not provide use with any information about your name, address, phone number or email address, or any other personally identifiable information. We may, however, log visitor IP addresses. Mudrick does not normally share any information collected from this Site with any parties outside of Mudrick other than those parties required to service and maintain the Site. Mudrick reserves the right to disclose any such information Mudrick does collect when required by a valid subpoena or court order, or as otherwise permitted or required by law.
If any of these legal terms, conditions and notices should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, such legal terms, conditions or notices shall be severed and deleted from the clause concerned and the remaining legal terms, conditions and notices shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
By accessing any part of this site, you shall be deemed to have accepted these.
These legal terms, conditions and notices shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of New York and the parties submit to the jurisdiction of the Courts located in the City of New York.








Mudrick Distressed Opportunity Fund, L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 8:48 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Mudrick Distressed Opportunity Fund, L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Mudrick Distressed Opportunity Fund, L.P. is a feeder hedge fund launched and managed by Mudrick Capital Management, LP. It invests in a fund which invests in public equity and fixed income markets of the Unites States. The fund primarily invests in units of Mudrick Distressed Opportunity Fund Global, L.P., which in turn invests in equity and debt securities of distressed companies, distressed leveraged loans, distressed bonds, and post-bankruptcy securities. It employs an event-driven approach and a long/short strategy with a focus on over-leveraged balance sheets to create its portfolio. Mudrick Distressed Opportunity Fund, L.P. was formed in July 1, 2009 and is domiciled in the United Sta...
Mudrick Distressed Opportunity Fund, L.P. is a feeder hedge fund launched and managed by Mudrick Capital Management, LP. It invests in a fund which invests in public equity and fixed income markets of the Unites States. The fund primarily invests in units of Mudrick Distressed Opportunity Fund Global, L.P., which in turn invests in equity and debt securities of distressed companies, distressed leveraged loans, distressed bonds, and post-bankruptcy securities. It employs an event-driven approach and a long/short strategy with a focus on over-leveraged balance sheets to create its portfolio. Mudrick Distressed Opportunity Fund, L.P. was formed in July 1, 2009 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


527 Madison Avenue,6th FloorNew York, NY 10022United StatesFounded in 2009



Phone: 646-747-9500

Fax: 646-747-9540








Key Executives for Mudrick Distressed Opportunity Fund, L.P.


Mudrick Distressed Opportunity Fund, L.P. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Mudrick Distressed Opportunity Fund, L.P., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Mudrick Capital Management L.P. :: Welcome






















This password protected portion of the site is intended exclusively for Mudrick’s investors and other parties to whom Mudrick has explicitly granted access. Unauthorized access is strictly prohibited. The redistribution of any material provided herein is also strictly prohibited.








By clicking this Log In box, you attest that you are using Log In credentials provided specifically to you by Mudrick.
Log In
Forgot your password?
Request Access










About Us

Team
Investor Communications
Contact Us
Log in












Welcome to Mudrick Capital
We are an SEC-registered investment adviser based in New York City that specializes in distressed credit and deep value event driven investing.








Mudrick Capital Management, L.P.
527 Madison Avenue, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10022 646 747 9500   |   IR@mudrickcapital.com


THIS WEBSITE IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. Important Legal Terms, Conditions and Notices >
© 2017 Mudrick Capital Management, L.P.






Important Legal Terms, Conditions & Notices

This web site (the “Site”) is for informational purposes only. Under no circumstances should any material at this Site be used or considered as an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy an interest in any investment fund managed by Mudrick Capital Management, L.P. ("Mudrick") or for the provision of any investment advice, investment management or advisory services. Any such offer will only be made by means of a Confidential Offering Memorandum or Investment Management Agreement, as applicable, and only in jurisdictions where permitted by law. Additionally, access to information about any fund is limited to investors who, among other requirements, qualify as accredited investors within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or otherwise meet the criteria determined by Mudrick in its sole discretion.
By accessing this Site, you signify your agreement with and understanding of these terms, conditions, and notices pertaining to both this Site and any material at it. This Site is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of this Site constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions and notices. Mudrick reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which this Site is offered at any time, without notice. Your use of this Site after we post any changes to these terms, conditions, and notices constitutes your agreement to those changes. Any such change to these terms, conditions, and notices will be effective upon posting to the Site.
Mudrick reserves all rights with respect to copyright and trademark ownership of all material at this Site, and will enforce such rights to the full extent of law. This Site is for your personal and non-commercial use. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products, or services obtained from the Site.
While Mudrick uses reasonable efforts to update the information on this Site, Mudrick makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of any information at this Site. Any content on the site are subject to change at any time, without notice.
Mudrick has not reviewed any of the sites linked to this Site, and is not responsible for the content of off-site pages or any other site linked or linking to the Site. Your linking to any off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
The materials at the Site are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law. Mudrick further assumes no responsibility for, and makes no warranties that, functions contained in the Site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Site or the server that makes it available will be free of viruses or other harmful components. Mudrick shall not be liable for any damages to, viruses that may infect, or services, repairs or corrections that must be performed, on your computer or other property on account of your accessing or use of this Site.
Unless otherwise specified, the materials in or accessible through the Site are directed at residents of the United States, its territories, possessions, and protectorates. The Site is controlled and operated by Mudrick from its offices within the State of New York, United States of America. Neither Mudrick nor any of its affiliates makes any representation that materials in or accessible through the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations or that access to them where their content is located is not illegal and prohibited. Those who choose to access the Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for establishing the legality, usability and correctness of any information or materials under any or all jurisdictions and the compliance of that information or material with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
There is a strict prohibition on the use this site for or in connection with any illegal, fraudulent, harassing or similar prohibited purpose, including (but not limited to) posting illegal, immoral, provocative or defamatory statements in or on any part of the site, or posting on or submitting to the site any material which might cause Mudrick to violate any applicable law, statute, directive or regulation or that could, in Mudrick's sole discretion, as applicable, adversely affect their respective reputations. You accept any and all liability resulting from any such prohibited use of the site, and indemnify and hold harmless Mudrick and its respective officers, directors, agents, partners, shareholders, members, controlling entities and employees (collectively, "Indemnitees") from and against any liability, claim, cost, loss, judgment, damage or expense (including attorneys' fees and expenses) that any Indemnitee incurs or suffers as a result of, or arising out of, your breach of anything set forth in these legal terms, conditions and notices.
Mudrick understands that visitors to this Site are concerned about the privacy of their information. This policy applies to information collected from, or which may be submitted to, this Site. At the present time, Mudrick does not collect any personally identifiable information about visitors to this Site. This Site does use “cookies” which may automatically collect certain information and data. “Cookies” are small pieces of data sent to your computer browser from our web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. The data identifies you as a unique user and facilitates your ongoing access to and use of this Site. Cookies also help us diagnose server problems. Cookies do not provide use with any information about your name, address, phone number or email address, or any other personally identifiable information. We may, however, log visitor IP addresses. Mudrick does not normally share any information collected from this Site with any parties outside of Mudrick other than those parties required to service and maintain the Site. Mudrick reserves the right to disclose any such information Mudrick does collect when required by a valid subpoena or court order, or as otherwise permitted or required by law.
If any of these legal terms, conditions and notices should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, such legal terms, conditions or notices shall be severed and deleted from the clause concerned and the remaining legal terms, conditions and notices shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
By accessing any part of this site, you shall be deemed to have accepted these.
These legal terms, conditions and notices shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of New York and the parties submit to the jurisdiction of the Courts located in the City of New York.











HedgeZ Fund Profile
































Mudrick Distressed
Opportunity Fund, L.P.

















Fund Investment Objectives











                                        Mudrick Capital aims to achieve equity-like returns with credit-like risk and volatility in an uncorrelated fashion by constructing a diversified portfolio of long and short investments in distressed leveraged loans, distressed bonds, post-bankruptcy securities and other event driven special situations. Mudrick Capital seeks to use the potential or actual balance sheet restructuring process as a catalyst to capture the spread between trading values and inherent values.  The long focus is to purchase the distressed credit of cash flow positive businesses at low multiples of EBITDA that Mudrick Capital believes are trading at significant discounts to their inherent values while the short focus is to hedge longs, hedge market and macro risks and profit from overvalued securities.  The strategy focuses primarily in the US and looks across the entire capital structure. The majority of distressed-focused capital resides at large blue chip managers resulting in over-diversified portfolios that focus on larger "on-the-run" names with significant market beta. Mudrick Capital is taking advantage of many Wall Street proprietary trading desks shutting down by focusing on inefficiencies currently occurring in middle market companies too small for larger managers to devote significant resources. 
                                    

















 


















MUDRICK DISTRESSED OPPORTUNITY FUND, L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      MUDRICK DISTRESSED OPPORTUNITY FUND, L.P.
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Mudrick Distressed Opportunity Fund is based out of New York.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-11-30. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 5



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from MUDRICK DISTRESSED OPPORTUNITY FUND, L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




mudrick distressed opportunity fund, l.p.


527 MADISON AVENUE

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10022


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      646-747-9500







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 11/30/2016
D/A filed on 11/02/2015
D/A filed on 05/01/2015
D/A filed on 05/01/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-11-30
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
371,820,677
INDEFINITE


2015-11-02
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
339,590,677
INDEFINITE


2015-05-01
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
317,630,677
INDEFINITE


2014-05-01
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
182,865,677
INDEFINITE


2009-10-09
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
11,500,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




-   MUDRICK CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P.

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



-   MUDRICK CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



-   MUDRICK GP, LLC

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          PROMOTER
      



JASON   MUDRICK

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



N/A   MUDRICK GP, LLC

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 


 

- Mudrick Capital Management, L.P.'s involvement in venture capital (via Mudrick Distressed Opportunity Fund Offshore Ltd, Verto Direct Opportunity Offshore Feeder Lp, Mudrick Distressed Energy Co-investment Feeder Ltd, Mudrick Distressed Opportunity Specialty Fund Lp, Mudrick Distressed Opportunity Drawdown Fund Lp)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/191202--mudrick-capital-management-l-p-section=people&subsection=detail&id=191202




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


-Mudrick Capital Management, L.P.Get alertedif - Mudrick Capital Management, L.P. gets funded!- Mudrick Capital Management, L.P.Mudrick Distressed Opportunity Fund Offshore Ltd - Executive OfficerVerto Direct Opportunity Offshore Feeder Lp - Executive Officer, PromoterMudrick Distressed Energy Co-investment Feeder Ltd - Executive Officer, PromoterMudrick Distressed Opportunity Specialty Fund Lp - Executive Officer, PromoterMudrick Distressed Opportunity Drawdown Fund Lp - Executive OfficerDeals involving - Mudrick Capital Management, L.P.$461,412,446 raised with Mudrick Distressed Opportunity Fund Offshore Ltd on April, 2015$278,628,109 raised with Mudrick Distressed Opportunity Fund Offshore Ltd on May, 2014Undisclosed raised with Verto Direct Opportunity Offshore Feeder Lp on May, 2014$12,350,000 raised with Mudrick Distressed Energy Co-investment Feeder Ltd on November, 2015$2,450,000 raised with Mudrick Distressed Energy Co-investment Feeder Ltd on October, 2015Undisclosed raised with Mudrick Distressed Energy Co-investment Feeder Ltd on March, 2015$40,100,000 raised with Mudrick Distressed Opportunity Specialty Fund Lp on October, 2015$60,100,000 raised with Mudrick Distressed Opportunity Drawdown Fund Lp on April, 2016Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check - Mudrick Capital Ma... on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














mudrick distressed opportunity fund - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images



Your search for "mudrick distressed opportunity fund" returned no results.
We're temporarily experiencing connectivity delays due to heavy traffic. Sorry, please come back later.















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








