 



George K. Muellner Elected to the Mercury Computer Systems Board of Directors | Business Wire
























































George K. Muellner Elected to the Mercury Computer Systems Board of 
      Directors






July 15, 2010 04:10 PM Eastern Daylight Time



CHELMSFORD, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Mercury Computer Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: MRCY) a trusted ISR subsystems 
      provider, announced that George K. Muellner has been elected to the 
      Company’s Board of Directors.
    


      Mr. Muellner was president of Advanced Systems for the Integrated 
      Defense Systems business unit of The Boeing Company until his retirement 
      in February 2008. In this role, he was responsible for developing 
      advanced concepts and technologies, and executing new programs prior to 
      their reaching the system design and development phase. Prior to this 
      assignment, Mr. Muellner was vice president-general manager of Air Force 
      Systems at Boeing starting in July 2002, responsible for all domestic 
      and international Air Force programs. He became president of Phantom 
      Works, Boeing’s advanced research and development unit in June 2001, 
      after serving as vice president-general manager since October, 1998, 
      when he joined Boeing. Prior to that, he served 31 years in the U.S. Air 
      Force, retiring as a lieutenant general from the position of principal 
      deputy for the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for 
      Acquisition in Washington, D.C.
    

      A highly decorated veteran, Mr. Muellner spent most of his career as a 
      fighter pilot and fighter weapons instructor, test pilot, and commander. 
      He flew combat missions in Vietnam and commanded the Joint STARS 
      deployment during Operation Desert Storm. Mr. Muellner is a Fellow of 
      the Society of Experimental Test Pilots, a Fellow of the Royal 
      Aeronautical Society, a Fellow and Past President of the American 
      Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics, and served on the Board of 
      Directors of the Air Force Association.
    

      “We are pleased to welcome George to the Board, and to add to the team 
      his wealth of executive experience with defense contracting, his 
      military experience, and his knowledge of defense and aerospace 
      technology,” said Mark Aslett, President and CEO of Mercury Computer 
      Systems, Inc.
    

Mercury Computer Systems, Inc. – Where Challenges Drive Innovation®


      Mercury Computer Systems (www.mc.com, 
      NASDAQ: MRCY) is a best of breed provider of open, application-ready, 
      multi-INT subsystems for the ISR market. With 25+ years’ experience in 
      embedded computing, superior domain expertise in radar, EW, EO/IR, C4I, 
      and sonar applications, and more than 300 successful program deployments 
      including Aegis, Global Hawk, and Predator, Mercury’s Services and 
      Systems Integration team leads the industry in partnering with customers 
      to design and integrate system-level solutions that minimize program 
      risk, maximize application portability, and accelerate customers’ time 
      to market.
    

      Mercury is based in Chelmsford, Massachusetts, and serves customers 
      worldwide through a broad network of direct sales offices, subsidiaries, 
      and distributors.
    

Forward-Looking Safe Harbor Statement


      This press release contains certain forward-looking statements, as that 
      term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, 
      including those relating to the election of the new director discussed 
      herein. You can identify these statements by our use of the words “may,” 
      “will,” “should,” “plans,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “continue,” 
      “estimate,” “project,” “intend,” and similar expressions. These 
      forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could 
      cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or 
      anticipated. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited 
      to, general economic and business conditions, including unforeseen 
      weakness in the Company’s markets, effects of continued geo-political 
      unrest and regional conflicts, competition, changes in technology and 
      methods of marketing, delays in completing engineering and manufacturing 
      programs, changes in customer order patterns, changes in product mix, 
      continued success in technological advances and delivering technological 
      innovations, continued funding of defense programs, the timing of such 
      funding, changes in the U.S. Government’s interpretation of federal 
      procurement rules and regulations, market acceptance of the Company's 
      products, shortages in components, production delays due to performance 
      quality issues with outsourced components, inability to fully realize 
      the expected benefits from acquisitions or delays in realizing such 
      benefits, challenges in integrating acquired businesses and achieving 
      anticipated synergies, and difficulties in retaining key customers. 
      These risks and uncertainties also include such additional risk factors 
      as are discussed in the Company's recent filings with the U.S. 
      Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 
      10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2009. The Company cautions 
      readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking 
      statements, which speak only as of the date made. The Company undertakes 
      no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events 
      or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made.
    

      Challenges Drive Innovation is a registered trademark of Mercury 
      Computer Systems, Inc. Other product and company names mentioned may be 
      trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective holders.
    


Contacts

      Mercury Computer Systems, Inc.Robert McGrail,978-967-1366Director 
      of ACS Marketing & Corporate Communicationsrmcgrail@mc.com












Release Summary
Mercury Computer Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: MRCY) a trusted ISR subsystems provider, announced that George K. Muellner has been elected to the Company’s Board of Directors.






Contacts

      Mercury Computer Systems, Inc.Robert McGrail,978-967-1366Director 
      of ACS Marketing & Corporate Communicationsrmcgrail@mc.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up




















	LIEUTENANT GENERAL GEORGE  K. MUELLNER > U.S. Air Force > Biography Display





























U.S. Air Force



Join the Air Force







Home


News



Commentaries


Features


Photos


Art


Air Force TV


Radio


Through Airmen's Eyes


Week in Photos





About Us



Air Force Senior Leaders



SECAF


CSAF


CMSAF





Biographies


Fact Sheets


Commander's Call Topics



CCT Archive





CSAF Reading List



2016 CSAF Reading List


2015 CSAF Reading List


2014 CSAF Reading List


2013 CSAF Reading List


2012 CSAF Reading List


2011 CSAF Reading List


2010 CSAF Reading List


2009 CSAF Reading List


2008 CSAF Reading List


2007 CSAF Reading List


2006 CSAF Reading List





50 Years of the CMSAF


The Book


Speeches Archive



Former AF Top 3 Viewpoints and Speeches





Air Force Warrior Games 2017


Events 2017


Air Force Strategic Documents


Desert Storm 25th Anniversary


Observances


DoD Warrior Games





AF Sites



Social Media Sites


Site Registration





Contact Us
















Senior Leader Links




Senior Leaders
SecAF Page
CSAF Page
CMSAF Page
Commander's Call Topics






Engage












#AirPowerAlert: The F-22 Raptor is a beast of an aircraft.










Help us #CaptionThis #AirForce Photo! @167AW https://t.co/FxEVK1Kkse










.@HQUSAFEPA and European nations plan a common vision for the #F35. 
https://t.co/SIurZMPI7b https://t.co/0GdX5yJ0zl










.@SJAFB #Defenders aim for team cohesion during “shoot, move & communicate” training.
https://t.co/qihQQGYgit https://t.co/zRceoJi88R










This will be one of the most realistic, real-world, scenario-driven exercises Ai...










RT @HQUSAFEPA: Can't wait to have @thef35 in @US_EUCOM.  Check out these facts about the #5thGen fighter!  @USNATO @usairforce https://t.co…










.@HollomanAFB's step forward w/ introducing this upgrade to its training represents a constant strive for… https://t.co/BFNSjYJlGp










On this day in #AirForce #History: Our legacy of #BreakingBarriers continued as we got one step closer to our… https://t.co/7OlZgO879c










#AirForce bombers integrate with #RAAF Joint Terminal Attack Controllers as part of #TalismanSaber17.… https://t.co/kHlz4oMEna










Read how our JET #Airmen bring their expertise to organizations outside the #AirForce.  https://t.co/m2sYgppP8R https://t.co/2onURasHim










These #Airmen joined more than 25K servicemembers from 22 allied & partner nations for #SaberGuardian17.… https://t.co/nhzIPjMmZ0










#AirForce seeks energy #innovation ideas in preparation for Energy Exchange 2017. https://t.co/jdbFnzTFLT










RT @2017JamboJTF: Each branch of the @DeptofDefense has interactive #STEM exhibits for scouts & visitors during @2017Jambo #2017JamboJTF #B…










A U.S. Air Force B-1B Lancer assigned to the 9th Expeditionary Bomb Squadron, de...










RT @ArmedwScience: This @DARPA-backed research has the potential to advance scientists' understanding of vision, hearing & speech. https://…










On this day in #AirForce #History https://t.co/1wdo2FbdyE










Flags rise as more than 800 participants convene for Exercise Steppe Eagle. @CENTCOM
https://t.co/HlPqVsg7S7 https://t.co/9LfKm8ib3r










#USAF Civil Engineer Center hosts third annual encroachment symposium @WrightPattAFB. #Warfighter… https://t.co/Q1nBZozKrz










@KSmithersk @Espngreeny @espngolic @espn @MichaelPhelps If there is a pro athlete out there who thinks they can bea… https://t.co/cswyTN1RM3










Best way to put an end to #siblingrivalry! @LANationalGuard #Airman donates kidney to save sister’s life.… https://t.co/lQihFPbeio










.@Espngreeny, @espngolic or really anyone from @espn, find us a willing participant and we can have a real shark ra… https://t.co/lT8hRkNBMP










Multilateral partnerships work thru barriers to ensure ongoing PACANGEL 17-3 success.
https://t.co/KqcSMFO2cZ https://t.co/ueOYjgjkTC










To prepare for his upcoming trip to the International Space Station, Air Force C...










The annual PHA expands to include a new Mental Health Assessment requirement, begins July 31st. @USAFHealth… https://t.co/jcSJEFiKvF










Bombs and missiles play a vital role in the 332nd Air Expeditionary Wing’s missi...










Who doesn’t love when they have a birthday coming up? We love it so much we are ...










#PACANGEL17 made its way to Fiji! Watch how our #Airmen are continuing humanitar...










"All I'm thinking about is, 'Don't mess this up!' At the same time, I'm pushing ...










Iraq ✔️ Kuwait ✔️ Kyrgyzstan✔️ Raven✔️ MTI✔️

TSgt Megan Harper can also put a ✔...










#BREAKINGNEWS: CMSAF Kaleth O. Wright announces major changes to the Enlisted Pr...










DYK: U.S. Air Force Academy Cadets get the chance to experience #AirForce specia...










When our #aircraft venture out to dangerous locales, FAST Team members fly with ...










#AirpowerAlert: With the combination of stealth, supercruise, maneuverability an...










2,635,641







819,950


















Air Force Social Media Guide (PDF)


USAF Social Media Sites









Home > About Us > Biographies > Display







LIEUTENANT GENERAL GEORGE  K. MUELLNER

        Retired  
      
      

     August 01,1998    
     
     
    














PRINT | E-MAIL













DOWNLOAD HI-RES







            Lieutenant General George K. Muellner is principal deputy, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, Washington, D.C.  He serves as the Air Force acquisition executive in carrying out the management responsibilities for the Air Force acquisition system to include direction, guidance and supervision over all matters pertaining to the formulation, review, approval and execution of plans, policies and programs relative to acquisition.  Additionally, he is designated as the Air Force chief information officer  The general entered the Air Force through the Reserve Officer Training Corps program at the University of Illinois.  Most of his career was spent as a fighter pilot, fighter weapons instructor and test pilot with more than 5,300 hours in F-4, A-7, F-15 and F-16 aircraft.  He completed 690 combat missions in Vietnam flying the F-4, and during Operation Desert Storm he commanded the Joint Stars deployment, logging another 50 combat sorties.  He has commanded a classified test squadron, the Joint Stars Squadron and a tactical fighter wing. As director of requirements at Air Combat Command, he orchestrated the operational requirements for all of the combat air forces and then became the mission area director for tactical, command, control and communications (C3), and weapons programs for the assistant secretary of the Air Force, acquisition.  As the program executive officer for the Joint Advanced Strike Technology Program, he created this joint service development activity.EDUCATION1967  Bachelor of science degree in aeronautical and astronautical engineering, University of Illinois1974  Master of science degree in aeronautical systems management, University of Southern California1978  Naval War College, by correspondence1979  Master's degree in electrical engineering, California State University1983  Master's degree in business administration, Auburn University1983  Air War College, Maxwell Air Force Base, Ala. 1991  Defense Systems Management College, Fort Belvoir, Va.ASSIGNMENTS1.  October 1968 - May 1970, F-4 pilot, 12th Tactical Fighter Wing, Cam Ranh Bay Air Base, South Vietnam and the 479th Tactical Fighter Wing, George Air Force Base, Calif. 2.  June 1970 - July 1971, wing weapons officer, 8th Tactical Fighter Wing, Ubon Royal Thai Air Base, Thailand 3.  July 1971 - May 1973, F-4F weapons instructor pilot, German Fighter Weapons School, George Air Force Base, Calif. 4.  May 1973 - July 1982, F-15 operational test pilot, 4486th Test Squadron, Edwards Air Force Base, Calif.  Also served as chief of systems testing, USAF Test Pilot School; test pilot with the F-16 Combined Test Force; and operations officer and commander, 6513th Test Squadron, testing classified aircraft 5.  July 1982 - June 1983, Air War College, Maxwell Air Force Base, Ala. 6.  June 1983 - September 1983, weapons and tactics chief, Headquarters U.S. Air Forces in Europe, Ramstein Air Base, West Germany 7.  September 1983 - September 1984, director of operations and training, Headquarters U.S. Air Forces in Europe,  Ramstein Air Base, West Germany 8.  September 1984 - May 1985, director of standardization and evaluation, flying the F-16, Headquarters U.S. Air Forces in Europe, Ramstein Air Base, West Germany 9.  May 1985 - June 1987, deputy commander for operations, 36th Tactical Fighter Wing, Bitburg Air Base, West Germany 10.  June 1987 - May 1988, vice commander, 57th Fighter Weapons Wing, Nellis Air Force Base, Nev. 11.  May 1988 - September 1989, commander, 35th Tactical Fighter Wing, George Air Force Base, Calif. 12.  September 1989 - December 1990, assistant deputy chief of staff for requirements, Headquarters Tactical Air Command, Langley Air Force Base, Va. 13.  December 1990 - April 1991, formed the 4411th Joint STARS Squadron and employed the Joint Surveillance Targeting  and Attack Radar System aircraft in support of Operation Desert Storm 14.  April 1991 - June 1992, deputy chief of staff for requirements, Headquarters Tactical Air Command, Langley Air Force Base, Va. 15.  June 1992 - September 1993, deputy chief of staff for requirements, Headquarters Air Combat Command, Langley Air Force Base, Va. 16.  September 1993 - December 1993, mission area director, tactical, command, control and communications (C3), and weapons programs, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force, (Acquisition), Washington, D.C. 17.  December 1993 - August 1995, director and program executive officer, Joint Advanced Strike Technology Program, Washington, D.C. 18.  August 1995 - present, principal deputy, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Acquisition), Washington, D.C.FLIGHT INFORMATIONRating:  Command pilot, parachutist, missile officerFlight hours:  More than 5,300 fighter hoursAircraft flown:  F-4, F-15, A-7, F-16, and 117 othersMAJOR AWARDS AND DECORATIONSDefense Distinguished Service MedalLegion of MeritDistinguished Flying Cross with three oak leaf clustersPurple HeartMeritorious Service Medal with three oak leaf clustersAir Medal with 27 oak leaf clustersAir Force Commendation Medal with three oak leaf clustersOTHER ACHIEVEMENTS1991 and 1994 Aviation Week LaureateJimmy Doolittle Fellow, Aerospace Education of the Air Force AssociationDistinguished Service Award, Association of Old Crows Air Force Association Theodore von Karman Award Clarence L. (Kelly) Johnson Award, Engineers CouncilEFFECTIVE DATES OF PROMOTIONSecond Lieutenant  Mar 8, 1967First Lieutenant  Sep 19, 1968Captain  Mar 19, 1970Major  Sep 1, 1978Lieutenant Colonel  Oct 1, 1980Colonel  Nov 1, 1984Brigadier General  Oct 1, 1991Major General  Sep 28, 1994Lieutenant General  Aug 1, 1995PUBLISHED ARTICLES"Air Superiority with the Eagle," Tactics Analysis Bulletin, August 1975"Developmental Testing Advanced Avionics Systems," USAF TPS Test, November 1977"Closed Loop Flying Qualities Evaluations," AFFTC Manual, March 1978"Flight Test in Combat," Cockpit, September 1991(Current as of March 1998)


















 Site MapIGAF SitesAF Executive FleetQuestionsFOIAContact UsSAPR USA.govNo FEAR ActRSSAccessibilityEEOLink DisclaimerStrategic APRSuicide Prevention






Subscribe to USAF News and Information


Submit





























George K. Muellner Elected To The Mercury Computer Systems Board Of Directors - TheStreet




























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































George K. Muellner Elected To The Mercury Computer Systems Board Of Directors






Business Wire




Jul 15, 2010 4:10 PM EDT













 


















































  Mercury Computer Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: MRCY) a trusted ISR subsystems provider, announced that George K. Muellner has been elected to the Company’s Board of Directors.  Mr. Muellner was president of Advanced Systems for the Integrated Defense Systems business unit of The Boeing Company until his retirement in February 2008. In this role, he was responsible for developing advanced concepts and technologies, and executing new programs prior to their reaching the system design and development phase. Prior to this assignment, Mr. Muellner was vice president-general manager of Air Force Systems at Boeing starting in July 2002, responsible for all domestic and international Air Force programs. He became president of Phantom Works, Boeing’s advanced research and development unit in June 2001, after serving as vice president-general manager since October, 1998, when he joined Boeing. Prior to that, he served 31 years in the U.S. Air Force, retiring as a lieutenant general from the position of principal deputy for the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition in Washington, D.C.  A highly decorated veteran, Mr. Muellner spent most of his career as a fighter pilot and fighter weapons instructor, test pilot, and commander. He flew combat missions in Vietnam and commanded the Joint STARS deployment during Operation Desert Storm. Mr. Muellner is a Fellow of the Society of Experimental Test Pilots, a Fellow of the Royal Aeronautical Society, a Fellow and Past President of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics, and served on the Board of Directors of the Air Force Association.  “We are pleased to welcome George to the Board, and to add to the team his wealth of executive experience with defense contracting, his military experience, and his knowledge of defense and aerospace technology,” said Mark Aslett, President and CEO of Mercury Computer Systems, Inc.  Mercury Computer Systems, Inc. – Where Challenges Drive Innovation  ®   Mercury Computer Systems ( www.mc.com, NASDAQ: MRCY) is a best of breed provider of open, application-ready, multi-INT subsystems for the ISR market. With 25+ years’ experience in embedded computing, superior domain expertise in radar, EW, EO/IR, C4I, and sonar applications, and more than 300 successful program deployments including Aegis, Global Hawk, and Predator, Mercury’s Services and Systems Integration team leads the industry in partnering with customers to design and integrate system-level solutions that minimize program risk, maximize application portability, and accelerate customers’ time to market.  Mercury is based in Chelmsford, Massachusetts, and serves customers worldwide through a broad network of direct sales offices, subsidiaries, and distributors.  



 








 































































 











Trending


Facebook Just Gave A Glimpse Into One of Its Big New Business Areas


Tesla Headlines This Lineup of 12 Amazing New Cars for 2018


Records All Around for Wall Street After Fed Hints at Balance Sheet Unwind 'Soon'


Apple's iPhone 8 Is Coming, and It Could Be in Your Hands Very Soon


What Could President Trump Actually Do to Amazon and Jeff Bezos?











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















MRCY George K. Muellner Insider Trades for Mercury Systems Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Mercury Systems Inc.

                  NASDAQ: MRCY
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Mercury Systems Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 26, 2017, 7:57 p.m.


MRCY

/quotes/zigman/66353/composite


$
44.05




Change

+0.19
+0.43%

Volume
Volume 4,111
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/66353/composite
Today's close

$
			43.99
		


$
				43.86
			
Change

-0.13
-0.30%





Day low
Day high
$43.71
$44.07










52 week low
52 week high

            $21.52
        

            $44.92
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




George K. Muellner



Mr. George K. Muellner is Independent Director at Mercury Systems, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Mercury Systems, Inc.
Mr. Muellner was previously employed as Vice Chairman by The Aerospace Corp. and President-Integrated Defense Systems by The Boeing Co.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/22/2017
4,406


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $40.72 per share.


179,413


06/22/2017
15,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $11.96 per share.


179,400


10/19/2016
4,186


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/21/2015
6,225


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/21/2014
8,965


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/22/2013
10,500


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/17/2012
10,327


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Mark  Aslett 
President, CEO & Director




Mr. Didier M. C. Thibaud 
Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Gerald M. Haines 
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP




Mr. Michael  Ruppert 
Senior VP-Strategy & Corporate Development




Mr. Charles A. Speicher 
Chief Accounting Officer, VP & Controller




Mr. Robert  McGrail 
Head-Public Relations




Mr. Christopher C. Cambria 
Secretary, Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Vincent  Vitto 
Chairman




Mr. Mark S. Newman 
Independent Director




Mr. Michael A. Daniels 
Independent Director




Mr. George K. Muellner 
Independent Director




Mr. James K. Bass 
Independent Director




Mr. William K. O'Brien 
Independent Class II Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:52 PM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:46pScaramucci on Washington back stabbers: ‘I’m more of a front-stabbing person’
7:43pFacebook keeps warning about growth, but growth doesn’t stop
6:56pFacebook heads toward $500 billion market cap after earnings
6:46pFoxconn pledges to build $10 billion state-of-the-art electronics plant in Wisconsin
6:14pGraham says Trump is showing weakness in unilateral public spat with Sessions
6:10pFacebook hits 2 billion users, earnings beat boosts stock: Live blog recap
6:04pNew rules for FTSE Russell index provider to exclude Snap, others from benchmarks
5:55pThe Nintendo Switch’s sell-out launch, in many charts
5:51p10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague in meetings
5:51pCommunity Health Systems shares fall after profit warning
5:45pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
5:33pStock market ends at record on robust earnings as Fed issues policy update 
5:31pTrump puts his hands together for ‘the late, great Abraham Lincoln’
5:23p2-year Treasury yield falls the most in five weeks after Fed statement
5:20pFor transgender Americans, workplace discrimination isn’t limited to the military
5:09pYour 401(k) match may have some strings attached
5:07pThis is the worst mistake people make at work
5:06pWhy equal-weighted stock-market indexes bounce back faster from bear markets
5:05pNutrisystem shares rally on better-than-expected earnings
5:04pBuffalo Wild Wings drop 9% on 'high' chicken wing costs
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15




























































AEF - Lt. Gen. George K. Muellner - 1/97
























































Foundation Forum

Lt. Gen. George K. Muellner
        Deputy to Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Acquisition)
        AFA Orlando Air Warfare Symposium
        January 31, 1997
Air Force Modernization & Acquisition
        Reform


I can tell you that coming last is a formidable task. The good news,
        however, is that my task is to talk about our modernization programs.
        Our modernization programs are what the future is all about in
        warfighting capability and certainly for all the young men and women
        standing around the outside of this room, these are the weapons systems
        they are going to be bringing into combat for the next 50 years. I am
        very happy to have the opportunity to talk to you about some of the
        relevant issues happening in the acquisition business and also where we
        are trying to go in the future.
I am going to talk about three or four issues and then I will try to
        leave time for questions so we can get down to the individual systems
        that you might be interested in. First, I am going to tell you where we,
        in the Air Force acquisition business, see ourselves going in the future
        and trying to shape that future and I will describe our vision. I'll
        give you an update on some of our key modernization efforts and try to
        describe how they are faring in Washington. I'll talk to you about a
        really good news story, the gains we are achieving out of acquisition
        reform and streamlining. This really has been a success story and it is
        paying off in real dollars, not just promises. Finally, we've got a lot
        of challenges ahead of us and I'll try to describe those.
Last year when I had the opportunity to address you, I talked about
        how we've always produced effective weapon systems. We have not
        necessarily done so in a very efficient manner. Effective means
        different things to different people. Today we talk about highly mobile,
        deployable, flexible and most important, technically superior weapon
        systems. Clearly that is still our focus. But our attempt is make those
        more affordable and the process that creates them more efficient. So we
        put more rubber on the ramp, more warfighting capability on the launch
        pad for the dollars we spend in acquisition and procurement.
You've heard the phrase "faster, better and cheaper." We
        understand that. Cheaper doesn't necessarily mean the lowest cost. It
        means the most bang for the buck; and the most affordable solution. But
        we have added one concept, smoother development activities. Program
        stability is one of the real problems our development programs have had
        over the years. Even some of our current ones still experience
        instability caused by our own dabbling in the budgets, or caused by help
        in working the budget by OSD and sometimes the Hill. As a result, when
        we take a dollar out in the short term, we end up putting three or four
        dollars back in the long-term to fix that problem. We are trying to
        emphasize that problem, and I might add, so is Dr. Kaminski. One of his
        main charges is to work on program stability.
We have some specific goals. We want the support structure, not only
        the logistics support structure, but the entire acquisition and
        procurement support structure, to be much more agile. We can't have an
        18-year acquisition cycle when the technology cycle for command and
        control areas is 18 months.
Second, we need to get rid of excess capacity in our infrastructure.
        I am talking about individual facilities, where we have too many test
        chambers or too many hardware in the loop facilities in some cases. We
        need to get rid of these operating costs.


Finally, I'll talk about "best value." We need to treat the
        support activities like a business. The Cold War era is gone. There is
        no longer a need to push huge amounts of supplies and maintain a huge
        stock pile in inventory. Those days are gone and we need to move beyond
        that to a more businesslike focus such as just-in-time delivery. They
        must become a part of our jargon as they have in the business community.
There are some key attributes that we are trying to pursue as we move
        into this future world. First, we already outsource a great deal of our
        science and technology. While we orchestrate and prioritize the program,
        most of our research activities are done either by industry or academia.
        You are going to see increased effort in this part. We are up around 75
        or 80 percent right now. We need to keep those core areas so we can
        remain smart buyers, but the intent is to get that out into industry and
        academia so we can facilitate transitions into actual weapon system
        designs.
Secondly, we found great benefit in working directly with the
        warfighter and the contractor on the front end of the process. I had the
        opportunity to start up the Joint Strike Fighter, formerly the JAST
        program. From the very beginning we had warfighters in the room with
        contractors and our developers. As a result, there is a clear
        understanding on the warfighters' part of the cost of a requirement so
        they can make educated decisions as to what is really need on the
        battlefield, instead of making a decision and then five years later
        getting sticker shock over the cost of a particular requirement.
We are trying to make a lot of improvements in our modeling and
        simulation capability. We must get a lot better at being able to
        understand the impacts of not only putting air power and space power on
        the battlefield, but also making the tradeoffs within the capabilities
        of those individual air and space elements. We are getting better at it,
        but we need a lot more help from industry. We need a lot more help from
        some of the other communities that are working simulation.
Finally, we need to maximize competition throughout development and
        production activities. Clearly, competition still remains the primary
        element to drive down cost. We must make more effort to maintain
        competition in one form or another throughout the lifecycle of a
        program. That is the only way we are going to maintain efficiency in
        maintaining that weapon system effectiveness.
We are doing a lot better at reducing the size of our development
        infrastructure. We are going from 600-person program offices to a
        sustained program office size of about 50 people and a development
        program of maybe two to three times that. That is a far different
        organization, with far different responsibilities, than we had in
        earlier days when we had in some cases well over 600 people. That means
        more responsibility is passed on to the prime contractor, and that will
        be passed on in the form of performance-based specifications. Those
        specification say what it is we want to buy and then let the contractor
        decide how to make it and how to bring that into being.
We found that our integrated weapon systems managers [IWSM] need to
        have full accountability and responsibility for executing the lifecycle
        sustainment of their weapon systems. We have not done a good job in this
        area before. In particular, AFMC has a great deal of emphasis on this
        right now.
Finally, we emphasize best value procurement. This means the IWSM
        needs to be able to go out when it is time for sustainment decisions,
        and assess where the best source is of that product or service and make
        that decision based upon economic elements. Right now, we have
        difficulty doing that because of accounting issues and because of not
        really understanding the requirement from a performance standpoint.
I'm sure General Viccellio talked about lean logistics _ we are using
        autonomic logistics. Autonomic is like breathing. You don't consciously
        think about. It doesn't take conscious action to make it happen and yet
        most of us continue breathing. That is what we want logistics to be to
        the warfighter. We want that sustainment function, that operation and
        the support, to be a minimum forward-tail and to occur without a lot of
        mandatory action. If you look at the way the triple seven is supported
        right now, it is done autonomically. Data bursts send back failures,
        parts are ordered, those parts are delivered to the right point for
        installation _ all without much human intervention. That is exactly what
        we would like to provide to our warfighters.
Let me quickly give you an update of some of our key weapon systems
        and where we are. The Air Force has worked very hard to develop a
        time-phased and balanced modernization program. It is time-phased to fit
        under our budget authority, and what we expect that to be.
It is time-phased because weapon systems have lifecycles associated
        with them. We have phased those things so we can retain a fairly
        constant level of budget requirement. These are the time-phasings. I
        will describe a few of these and show how we are doing in each area.
I would like to point out one thing. Sourcing of additional
        modernization funds is a big item of discussion in the newspaper and
        certainly a big item of discussion in Washington. They have said we need
        an additional $60 billion for modernization across the Services. Right
        now we are down in the low 40s. Clearly there is another 15 to 20
        billion dollars required. Given a constant or diminishing top line,
        "where do you get that from?" The answer is "from those
        items listed on that chart, from acquisition reform, from reducing our
        ops and support costs, and from savings that we are now, finally,
        getting from our base closures." Hopefully, we're moving in that
        direction from our outsourcing and privatization activities. Then the
        other key part is getting rid of that $100 billion in inventory. We made
        progress there. We are down to something in the order of $70 billion,
        but clearly there is probably another $15-20 billion that can come out
        of our inventory stock piles to further facilitate modernization.
The first area is global reach. Obviously the mainstay of that right
        now is the C-17 program. The program is in a multi-year procurement.
        Approved by the Hill, it has significantly lowered the cost of those
        airplanes and I am happy to say aircraft P-30, the 30th production
        airplane, is due out in the next couple of days. It will go to
        Charleston. The airplane is performing extremely well in the fleet.
        There is now commercial and some international interest in this
        airplane. The program has turned into a real success story after a very
        rocky start.
In the tactical airlift area, we have low-rate production on the
        C-130J _ two a year for the next few years. That is mostly to replace
        our special use air frames like the WC-130s, the ABCCCs [Airborne
        Battlefield Command and Control Center] and some of the other EC
        versions of that airplane.
Clearly our number one development priority remains the F-22. This is
        going to be a big year for the F-22. We ought to have roll out sometime
        in the early part of April and first flight during the last week in May.
        By the summer timeframe, the F-22 ought to be out flying during EMD
        [Engineering and Manufacturing Design]. We are ahead of schedule for the
        first flight. The airplane has come together well. It has power on it
        down at Marietta. The first flight software has been flown in the F-16
        Vista airplane. Paul Metz and the other test pilots are very comfortable
        with the software configuration. We've had some challenges this year in
        the economics of it due to adding about another billion and a half
        dollars to the development program because of some technology areas we
        encountered in the avionics and also some of the assembly. But I think
        we are on a good track, and more important, we are on a track that will
        control the production unit cost. We are indeed going to have an
        affordable airplane.
The other key system in this area is the airborne laser. Boeing won a
        downselect competition this year. That technology has really come into
        its own _ the adaptive optics, and the laser power. By just past the
        turn of the century, we are very confident we will have demonstrated in
        a flying platform the capability to deal with ballistic missiles. The
        real issue now is to try to cram all that technology into a 747-400 and
        get it to perform. But it is an engineering task, not a technology
        issue.


Another good news story on this chart is that the Chief continually
        harasses us because we only have the fourth or fifth best air-to-air IR
        missile in the world. We are on a good track to have the best IR missile
        with the AIM-9X. That competition was won by Hughes and not only did
        they come in with a very good offer that lowered the cost dramatically,
        but it also accelerated the schedule. That missile and the
        helmet-mounted queuing systems will be on our airplanes about the turn
        of the century.
In the air-to-ground or precision employment area, the Joint Strike
        Fighter downselect was won by Boeing and Lockheed Martin. They are now
        going into a concept demonstration phase. I can tell you that the
        affordability message really came home and was well demonstrated in all
        three responses to our RFP. In particular, these two showed us that they
        can build a technologically superior weapon system and still make it
        affordable.
The other key part of our precision employment is in the
        modernization of the conventional side of the bomber force. We have
        Block 20 B-2s in the field right now with the capability to deliver the
        GPS-aided munitions [GAM] with a differential GPS accuracy. We've had
        great success in demonstrating that accuracy in tests out at the Nellis
        range complex [Nev.]. We've got airplanes that can deliver from high
        altitude and standoff distances with less than 10-meter accuracy using
        16 bombs against 16 different targets. That is a capability that our
        forefathers would have liked to have had.
On the weapons side, we've had a lot of success in bringing on board
        commercial content to drive down the cost of our weapons. Last year I
        talked to you about the success Terry Little has had in JDAM [Joint
        Direct Attack Munition], taking something that was supposed to cost
        $40,000 a round and bringing it down to $14,000 a round. McDonnell
        Douglas won that contract and they are well into the execution for the
        program. The test results say we are going to significantly better the
        accuracy than we expected of that weapon.
Just recently we had a competition for the Wind Corrected Munition
        Dispenser that was won by Lockheed Martin. Instead of the WCMD costing
        $25,000 a round, it is now going to cost less than $9,000. These are
        significant savings in the employment of advanced capability. Now we
        have the ability to delivery cluster bomb units from high altitudes with
        pinpoint accuracy without worrying about winds and the other things that
        produce errors in the delivery of these weapons. Terry Little is now
        managing the JASSM, which is our Joint Air-to-Surface Standoff Missile
        program and we expect to see the same sort of savings in that
        competition, which is between Lockheed Martin and McDonnell Douglas.
In the information dominance area, Joint STARS [Joint Surveillance
        and Target Attack Radar System] returned from Joint Endeavor and did
        absolutely outstanding over there. It is in production now. We have two
        production airplanes on the ramp at Robins [AFB, Ga.] and they are
        coming off the production line down at Melbourne [Fla.] at a pretty good
        rate.
I can tell you that UAVs [Unmanned Aerial Vehicles] have become a big
        item of issue with the Air Force. We are spending a lot of time focused
        on both Global Hawk and Dark Star which will resume flying after some
        initial deficiencies. More important, as we speak, Predator is
        operational at Taszar, when the weather permits. It is also operational
        at Indian Springs [Nev.], where Air Combat Command is doing their
        training. UAVs have become a real active part of our warfighting
        capability.
Let me talk quickly about the space programs. We have two big
        problems in this area. One is the Space-Based Infrared Systems program.
        That contract for SBIRS-High was won by Lockheed Martin this year. That
        will produce a replacement to the Defense Support Program. They give us
        our I&W and threat warning capability. The SBIRS-Low program, which
        is also called the Space and Missile Tracking System is still in the
        developmental stage, but that program was accelerated as a result of
        budget activity this past fall. As a result, that will now be fielded in
        2004 rather than '06. It is primarily a support element for national
        missile defense, but also very important for theater missile defense.
The other key development program for space is the Evolved Expendable
        Launch Vehicle. We have a competition between Lockheed Martin and
        McDonnell Douglas. Both have brought in designs that demonstrate
        radically reduced costs for putting things in orbit, not only in
        low-earth orbit, but also up to geo-orbit. So, both the medium and the
        heavy lift capabilities are going to dramatically drive down the costs
        of getting payloads into orbit.
Everything came together over the last couple years for acquisition
        reform. Dr. William J. Perry [former SECDEF] has been talking about this
        for 25 years and Paul Kaminski religiously believes in it and continues
        to push it very hard. As Victor Hugo said, "An invasion of armies
        can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come." The time is
        here to do it. I encourage those of you who represent industry to
        continue to milk that idea. You are doing a great job, but you need to
        keep pressing it. Sometimes we fall back into our old ways. Fortunately,
        we have program managers like Terry Little and some of the others who
        give us wake up calls.
The key parts of AQ reform are really working well. We are seeing
        reduced cycle times; and we are seeing much lower costs. We are seeing
        smaller staffs necessary to generate those programs, to manage them, and
        to have oversight. We are seeing contractors accepting more
        responsibility for their performance.
We are using that money and often plowing it back into modernization.
        It is not all going into modernization. Unfortunately, some of it is
        going to pay contingency bills and some other things. If we are going to
        robust the modernization budgets like we believe are needed, we are
        going to have to fix some of our other ways of paying for things like
        deployments to Bosnia.
To date, the Air Force has either saved over $17 billion or avoided
        costs of existing programs by introducing reform _ getting rid of mil
        specs, getting rid of standards, getting rid of contract deliverables,
        and reducing the size of staffs. That is $17 billion that is going to
        pay other bills. That is an important message.
You've seen some of the numbers. As mentioned earlier, for the
        Wind-corrected Munition Dispenser, we have moved from $25,000 down to
        less than $9,000 per copy. That is a dramatic cost reduction effort, and
        I commend the contractors who participated in that competition.
We still have many initiatives on the table. There are a lot of
        financial stability initiatives that we are working with OSD. Most of
        these have to do with providing adequate management reserve to our
        program managers so they can deal with technical uncertainties.
Cycle time still needs a lot of work, especially in the avionics and
        electronics area. Ron Kadish, who commands the Electronics Systems
        Center at Hanscom [AFB, Mass.] has an 18-month challenge to his folks.
        In some of the initial systems they've fielded, they are coming close to
        where they can routinely generate an 18-month cycle in getting hardware
        out the door.
We've significantly reduced the policy we put out. All center-level
        policies at our product and logistics centers are gone. It is
        significantly making the job of our program managers easier. We are
        working hard reducing the cycle time associated with contracting. We
        still have our RFP source teams out looking for answers. Our main
        challenge still remains effectively using past performance and assessing
        past performance, especially with multiple services involved with the
        process. The Air Force is the only one right now that has an established
        past performance rating scheme.
Finally, I'd like to thank the AFA for their support in the area of
        acquisition training. AFA has been the leader in making that happen in
        partnership with industry. We really thank you.


There are a few challenges. The process is still complex. I spent
        four days, as has a large part of our staff, trying to get money that
        was appropriated and authorized for F-15 acquisition released for
        expenditure. We still have too many people in the game so the process
        still needs a lot of work.
We are not moving as fast as we think we should in using more
        commercial content in our systems. Joint STARS is a perfect example
        where they brought in commercial work stations and dramatically drove
        down the cost and the weight of the systems on the airplane.
Expanding the use of past performance is a challenge, and outsourcing
        and privatization is a challenge. The challenge is not only to do it,
        which is what we are facing right now, but actually to save money as a
        result of doing it. General Boles has been very successful in AETC in
        doing that with their A-76 activities. But clearly in the case of our
        depots, the jury is still out on recognizing those savings.
Finally, and I know this is a big issue with a lot of contractors, we
        have got to improve our contracting and payment process. There is still
        too long a lag between when a bill is submitted and when they actually
        see payment. We are working hard to clean that up.
We have a couple of near-term issues. Year 2000 software is a big
        issue. It is not a big issue from the standpoint of cost, But every one
        of our program managers who has computer resources is actively taking
        this on. Since we have been aggressive about it, we are going to do it
        without any major perturbations in our programs, but indeed there is
        some cost associated with fixing that problem.
For those of you who are not familiar with GCCS [Global Command and
        Control System], this is what has become the new defense information
        infrastructure. It comes out of DISA [Defense Information Systems
        Agency]. The Air Force is absolutely committed to making that the
        backbone of all of our command and control systems, all of our
        information systems and also moving that into our weapon systems. You
        are going to see a lot of emphasis on our part in making that happen.
I talked to program stability as being one of our major challenges
        and we are going to continue to press that. Information protection is
        also a near-term challenge. The Air Force home page was invaded here a
        couple of months ago. We've had other attempted incursions and
        fortunately we are pretty far in front of this, but that is an
        increasing challenge, not only in our information systems, but also in
        our weapon systems. We are trying to work that hard.
Let me give a final wrap up and then I'll try to address any
        questions you might have. I think the "better, faster,
        cheaper" is working. We still have to get better stability to the
        process. We are fortunately seeing the payoff for those things in money
        and warfighters having equipment sooner. As a result of those elements,
        we have been reasonably successful at keeping our key modernization
        programs on track.
The first flight of our F-22 is going to carry the Air Force as an
        air and space power into the next century. We are on pretty solid
        ground.


General Shaud: We thank you. We had two things
        happen which indicate the success of your presentation. If the number of
        questions is some kind of metric, you win. Many have also requested a
        copy of your briefing. A transcript will be published by AEF and let us
        know if you want that. The first question concerns one area that seems
        to show promise in the acquisition reform arena _ leasing under
        commercial terms and conditions. In fact, the majority of the world's
        leading aerospace companies today tend toward leasing, rather than
        buying. Do you see similar leasing opportunities for the Air Force?


Lt. Gen. Muellner: Absolutely. There are some unique
        challenges we face in dealing with termination liability, which we still
        have to work our way through and understand. There are also some unique
        challenges with compensation for loss of a leased asset. For instance,
        one of the leasing operations we are looking at right now is to reengine
        the B-52s and move from their current eight TF33 engines to four newer
        generation engines. There are considerable cost advantages and
        significant performance advantages, but the termination liability is a
        major challenge. We had planned to lease our VC-X airplanes, the Boeing
        757s, to reinforce our airlift force out at the 89th Airlift Wing at
        Andrews [AFB, Md.]. Unfortunately, when we got into the termination
        liability issues with doing that, it turned out to be much more
        economical just to buy them outright and we ended up adding additional
        money to do that.
One area where leasing is going to be come very relevant is for
        training. Some of you may have heard of or participated in the
        simulation day that General Hawley held down at ACC recently. We see
        nothing at all that would stand in the way of us leasing, or better yet
        having commercial service for, that training just as General Boles does
        for our fighter squadrons. We are trying to push that area a lot harder,
        not only the leasing side of it, but buying it as a commercial service.


General Shaud: What steps are being taken to better
        define best value to help reduce the number of industry protests?


Lt. Gen. Muellner: Two things are happening there.
        One is that best value, the way it is always put on the chart rather, is
        most "utils" for the dollar. I never understood what utils
        were until somebody at Wright-Patterson AFB [Ohio] explained to me _ it
        is the most "utility to the government" for the dollar. It
        really says that once you get over the threshold of performance that the
        user has to have, then the extra utility or value added for their offer
        is compared against the dollars it costs to get it. We've had three
        different industry sessions totally focused on identifying best value in
        terms that are readily understandable by both the government and the
        supplier/offerer. Prior to starting a source selection and prior to
        getting a proposal, we sit down with the suppliers and try come to a
        common understanding of what it is all about.


General Shaud: As the final question, what factors
        will determine when the F-22 is released for foreign military sales?


Lt. Gen. Muellner: The absolute answer is that it
        will be determined by two things. One, we have a Defense Department
        policy that says we will not release a system until it has actually gone
        through IOT&E and been certified for release by the U.S. forces.
        That doesn't mean we can't talk about. That means it just can't be
        released for sale until that point.
Also, because of the technologies that are involved in a program and
        the classification of some of them, we have an executive committee that
        is co-chaired by General Ralston and by Dr. Kaminski that needs to
        determine the release schedule for those technologies and what sort of
        caveats and protection has to be involved. We have started that process
        already. I have no doubt that the F-22 will be released and in fact we
        have some limited ability to do that now. But absolute release authority
        can't occur until after IOT&E certification.


General Shaud: Thank you so much. When you woke up
        this morning, you may not have considered heading for Orlando, but that
        happened. You just did a great job for us.

Return to the Orlando '97 Foundation Forum Page
























George K. Muellner USAF (Ret.): Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 8:52 PM ET
Aerospace and Defense

Company Overview of Mercury Systems, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
George K. Muellner USAF (Ret.)Director, Mercury Systems, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 6 different industries.See Board Relationships74$159,954
Background

		Lt. Gen. George K. Muellner, USAF (Ret.) served as the President at Advanced Defense & Security Systems at Boeing Integrated Defense Systems, Inc. until December 31, 2007. Lt. Gen. Muellner served 31 years in the U.S. Air Force. Lt. Gen. Muellner is highly decorated veteran and spent most of his career as a fighter pilot and fighter weapons instructor, test pilot and commander. He served as President of Advanced Systems of Integrated Defense Systems business unit of ... Boeing Co. until February 2008. He served as Vice President and General Manager of Air Force Systems since July 2002. Prior to that, he served as the President of Phantom Works, Boeing's advanced research and development unit in June 2001 and served as Vice President and General Manager since 1998. He joined The Boeing Company in 1998. From 1993 to 1995, Lt. Gen. Muellner served as Program Executive Officer for the Joint Advanced Strike Technology program, the Joint Strike Fighter program. In 1992, he served as Deputy Chief of Staff for requirements for the Headquarters Air Combat Command at Langley Air Force Base, VA. He served as Mission Area Director for Tactical, Command, Control and Communications and weapons programs for the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition. He served as the President of the Board of Directors at American Institute Of Aeronautics And Astronautics Inc. Lt. He served as Vice Chairman of The Aerospace Corporation until December 21, 2015. Gen. Muellner serves as a Trustee of TecSec, Incorporated. He has been a Director at Mercury Systems, Inc. since July 2010. From 1993 to 1995, Lt. Gen. Muellner served as Director of Joint Advanced Strike Technology program (now the Joint Strike Fighter program). He served as a Lieutenant General and Principal Deputy for the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition in Washington, D.C., to which he was assigned in 1995. He flew combat missions in Vietnam and commanded the Joint STARS deployment during Operation Desert Storm. He serves as the Chairman of Air Force Association. He served as a Director at American Institute Of Aeronautics and Astronautics Inc. He is a Fellow of the Society of Experimental Test Pilots, a Fellow of the Royal Aeronautical Society, a Fellow and Past President of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics and served on the Board of Directors of the Air Force Association. Lt. Gen. Muellner has a Bachelor's Degree in Aeronautical and Astronautical Engineering from the University of Illinois, a master's degree in aeronautical systems management from the University of Southern California, a master's degree in electrical engineering from California State University and a master's degree in business administration from Auburn University. Lt. Gen. Muellner completed courses at the Air War College at Maxwell Air Force Base, AL, the Defense Systems Management College at Fort Belvoir, VA and the Naval War College in Newport, RI.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
201 Riverneck RoadChelmsford, Massachusetts 01824United StatesPhone: 978-256-1300Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorTecSec, IncorporatedChairmanAir Force Association.2010-PresentDirectorMercury Systems, Inc.
Education
Master's Degree California State UniversityMaster's Degree University of Southern CaliforniaBachelor's Degree University of Illinois-Urbana-ChampaignMBA Auburn University
Other Affiliations
California State UniversityThe Boeing CompanyUniversity of Southern CaliforniaTecSec, IncorporatedUniversity of Illinois-Urbana-ChampaignAuburn UniversityBoeing Defense, Space & SecurityThe Aerospace CorporationAmerican Institute Of Aeronautics And Astronautics IncAir Force Association.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$55,000Total Calculated Compensation$159,954




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationJeffrey R. Tarr Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorDigitalGlobe, Inc.$710.0KDaniel A. Rykhus Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorRaven Industries, Inc.$553.2KColin M. Angle Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive OfficeriRobot Corporation$696.2KRakesh  Sharma BSc, EMBA, MInstP, FRAeS, FREng, CPhysChief Executive and DirectorUltra Electronics Holdings plc$969.0KEric G. Hutchinson Chief Executive Officer and Executive DirectorSpirent Communications plc$535.7KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Mercury Systems, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























George K. Muellner , U.S. Strategic Command Strategic Advisory Group [SAG - Offutt AFB], U.S. Strategic Command [STRATCOM - Offutt AFB], United States Department of Defense [DOD] - Leadership® Profile

































Products


Resources


About 


Client Support


Order








Leadership® ProfileLast changed: 7/24/2017  
George K. Muellner  
MemberU.S. Strategic Command Strategic Advisory Group [SAG - Offutt AFB], U.S. Strategic Command [STRATCOM - Offutt AFB], United States Department of Defense [DOD]
Telephone, Fax, and Education History available

Total Positions available: 1

Career History includes:
Member,  United States Department of Defense, Defense Operations and Systems Subcommittee~U.S. Air Force Scientific Advisory Board ,  
(12 additional careers available)


 Purchase This Profile
Request Free Trial


Subscribe to one of these Leadership® Online products for unlimited access:
Leadership® Federal Premium The Leadership Library® Leadership Networks® Leadership® Federal Insight


About Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI]

	Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI] is a B2B information services company which provides premium content and contact solutions. LDI researches and publishes verified profiles of influential people and organizations from the federal government, state and local governments, public and private companies, law firms and courts, media outlets, healthcare organizations, nonprofits and associations, and the U.S. Congress.LDI's unique database of 900,000 contacts and 165,000 organizations is available online, in print, and as custom data services. Our high-quality data is updated daily with 4,000+ changes verified by NYC- and DC-based staff.


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            









George K. Muellner Elected to the Mercury Computer Systems Board of Directors - Military Embedded Systems











 






































Free Subscription
See the Current Issue
Archived Issues






































 


July 15, 2010
News ID


George K. Muellner Elected to the Mercury Computer Systems Board of Directors

Mercury Computer Systems, Inc.
 - Leave a Comment
  CHELMSFORD, Mass., Jul 15, 2010 -- Mercury Computer Systems, Inc., a trusted ISR subsystems provider, announced that George K. Muellner has been elected to the Company's Board of Directors.
Mr. Muellner was president of Advanced Systems for the Integrated Defense Systems business unit of The Boeing Company until his retirement in February 2008. In this role, he was responsible for developing advanced concepts and technologies, and executing new programs prior to their reaching the system design and development phase. Prior to this assignment, Mr. Muellner was vice president-general manager of Air Force Systems at Boeing starting in July 2002, responsible for all domestic and international Air Force programs. He became president of Phantom Works, Boeing's advanced research and development unit in June 2001, after serving as vice president-general manager since October, 1998, when he joined Boeing. Prior to that, he served 31 years in the U.S. Air Force, retiring as a lieutenant general from the position of principal deputy for the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition in Washington, D.C.
A highly decorated veteran, Mr. Muellner spent most of his career as a fighter pilot and fighter weapons instructor, test pilot, and commander. He flew combat missions in Vietnam and commanded the Joint STARS deployment during Operation Desert Storm. Mr. Muellner is a Fellow of the Society of Experimental Test Pilots, a Fellow of the Royal Aeronautical Society, a Fellow and Past President of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics, and served on the Board of Directors of the Air Force Association.
"We are pleased to welcome George to the Board, and to add to the team his wealth of executive experience with defense contracting, his military experience, and his knowledge of defense and aerospace technology," said Mark Aslett, President and CEO of Mercury Computer Systems, Inc.Mercury Computer Systems, Inc. -- Where Challenges Drive Innovation(R)
Mercury Computer Systems is a best of breed provider of open, application-ready, multi-INT subsystems for the ISR market. With 25+ years' experience in embedded computing, superior domain expertise in radar, EW, EO/IR, C4I, and sonar applications, and more than 300 successful program deployments including Aegis, Global Hawk, and Predator, Mercury's Services and Systems Integration team leads the industry in partnering with customers to design and integrate system-level solutions that minimize program risk, maximize application portability, and accelerate customers' time to market.
Mercury is based in Chelmsford, Massachusetts, and serves customers worldwide through a broad network of direct sales offices, subsidiaries, and distributors. 



Source: Mercury Computer Systems, Inc. 







Advertisement





 




































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Distinguished Alumni Awards - Engineering at Illinois






































Distinguished Alumni Awards

home / engage / distinguished alumni and friends / distinguished / Distinguished Alumni Awards


Navigation

Alumni Gateway
Giving

Why Give

Scholarship Donors
Dean's Club 


Plan Your Gift

Annual Giving
Major Gifts / Endowments
Deferred Gifts
Time and Talents


Giving FAQs

Events

Alumni Events
Student Events
Regional Events


Corporate Engagement

Research Opportunities


Engineering Career Services
Distinguished Alumni and Friends

Hall of Fame
Distinguished Alumni Awards
Dean's Distinguished Leadership Lecture Series

Fall 2013
Fall 2012
Fall 2011
Spring 2011
Fall 2010
Spring 2010






Alumni Information Update
Make a Gift Now














George K. Muellner


To George K. Muellner, industrial leader, technology program manager, test pilot, and public servant, for his leadership in the development of engineering technologies for advanced aircraft and spacecraft and for his dedicated and outstanding career in public service.

President, Phantom Works, The Boeing Company, Seal Beach, California
BS, 1967, Aeronautical and Astronautical Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-ChampaignMS, 1974, Aeronautical Systems Management, University of Southern CaliforniaMS, 1979, Electrical Engineering, California State UniversityMBA, 1983, Auburn University
 Immediately after graduating from the University of Illinois in 1967, George Muellner joined the U.S. Air Force, where he had a stellar 31-year career as a test pilot and weapons officer. He used his ability to combine engineering concepts and principles with national defense requirements. He has been awarded numerous medals and citations by the Air Force for his outstanding and distinguished service, including the Purple Heart, Distinguished Flying Cross with three oak leaf clusters, Meritorious Service Medal with three oak leaf clusters, and the Air Medal with 27 oak leaf clusters. An oak leaf cluster is given each additional time that a medal is awarded.
From 1973 to 1982, he was a test pilot for the F-15 and F-16, chief of systems testing at the USAF Test Pilot School, and operations officer and commander of the 6513th Test Squadron, which tested classified aircraft. During Operation Desert Storm, Muellner formed the 4411th Joint Surveillance Targeting and Attack Radar System (STARS) Squadron, which employed the prototype aircraft of that program. In 1993, Muellner was named director and program executive officer of the joint advanced strike technology (JAST) Program, a multibillion-dollar program that became the Joint Strike Fighter. He then led Air Force Acquisition. Muellner retired from the military in 1998 to join The Boeing Company as president of Phantom Works. Phantom Works is dedicated to technology development and new product development, with a special focus on making products more affordable and more capable.
Muellner has served on the Aeronautical and Astronautical Engineering Alumni Advisory Board for six years. He is a member of the National Academy of Science’s Aeronautics and Space Engineering Board, the Defense Science Board, MIT Lincoln Lab Advisory Board, and the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board. He is a Fellow of the Society of Environmental Test Pilots, a Fellow of the Royal Aeronautical Society, and a Fellow of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics.
Current as of 2002.











Skip to Main Content




Navigation

Admissions




Crossing engineering disciplines
Professors like Rohit Bhargava know that tomorrow’s engineers will have to work across multiple fields to really be effective. Students from eight different disciplines work with him to fight cancer using nanotechnology. And two multimillion-dollar student training programs make sure that attitude is integrated into their education as well. See us in action by visiting campus


Admissions / Engineering at Illinois


Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Online Admissions
Cost and Financial Aid
Visit the Campus






Undergraduate Student ApplicationUndergraduates apply through the U of I Office of Admissions.
Graduate Student ApplicationApplications for Graduate Students are processed through the University's Graduate College.




Academics




One of the Nation's Top Engineering Programs.
In U.S News & World Report's 2015 rankings, Engineering at Illinois has 15 programs ranked in the top 5. Read more about our rankings.


Academics / Engineering at Illinois


Undergraduate
Graduate
 Online
ZJU-Illinois Joint Institute
Rankings
Undergraduate Advising





Academic Resources & Support

Career Services
International Programs

Academic Resources
Graduate College Handbook
Grainger Engineering Library
Technology Entrepreneur Center




Research




Cancer Community @ Illinois
Illinois researchers are making strides to improve cancer detection, prevention, diagnosis, therapy, and quality of life. The Cancer Community @ Illinois provides resources to access cancer-related activities across campus and nucleate new programs and activities to advance cancer research progress.


Research / Engineering at Illinois


Interdisciplinary Research Themes
Strategic Research Initiatives
Illinois Applied Research Institute
Undergraduate Research
Corporate Engagement
Departmental Research
University Resources



The breadth and depth of knowledge in Engineering at Illinois makes it easy to find the expert in any given field. And experts who are ready to work across fields. Search for an individual or topic and let's change the world together. 
Faculty Expert Search




Student Life




All the skills you need
Engineering students need to do more than learn equations and techniques. They need to identify the passions that motivate them and the personal skills to pursue those passions. The Illinois First-Year Experience (IEFX) helps every Engineering at Illinois student do just that. It’s the only program of its kind at an engineering program of our size. Learn more about the first-year experience.


Student Life / Engineering at Illinois


ActivitiesAt Illinois, you'll have quality opportunities to build leadership, friendships, and résumés - and have a great time!
OrganizationsWith more than 70 professional and honorary engineering societies in the College, there are plenty of oppurtunities to network with your peers.
Career ServicesEngineering Career Services (ECS) is a dedicated team who can help you explore the job market and connect with employers.




Engineering UpdateThe student newsletter of Engineering at Illinois. Students, faculty, and staff may submit announcements with the form below.




Engage




Now through the end of 2019, The Grainger Foundation will match all donations up to $25 million to Engineering at Illinois' scholarship endowments. The opportunity to improve the quality, diversity, and global influence of our undergraduate students has never been greater. Learn more...


Engage / Engineering at Illinois


Alumni GatewayCurrent events in your area, stay connected with the College of Engineering, and more
Events
Why Give
Plan Your Gift
Distinguished Alumni & Friends
Alumni Information Update




Corporate Engagement
Corporate recruiting and research partnerships
Student Recruitment
Bring new talent to your company by recruiting Illinois engineering students

Make a Gift Now



News




Tiny Bio-bots Powered by Living Cells
A new class of walking “bio-bots” powered by muscle cells and controlled with electrical pulses could aid in drug delivery, surgical robotics, ‘smart’ implants, mobile environmental analyzers, and more.


News / Engineering at Illinois


Engineering UpdateStudent newsletter
Faculty Expert SearchFind Engineering at Illinois faculty with specific research expertise
Social Media
Podcasts




Current NewsFind out what's happening in the College of Engineering.
In the NewsThese stories and more have caught the attention of the news media this month
Calendar
Media Contact Information



Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram






Directory / Engineering at Illinois

Departments

Aerospace Engineering
Agricultural & Biological Engineering
Bioengineering
Chemical & Biomolecular Engineering
Civil & Environmental Engineering
Computer Science
Electrical & Computer Engineering
Industrial & Enterprise Systems Engineering
Materials Science & Engineering
Mechanical Science & Engineering
Nuclear, Plasma & Radiological Engineering
Physics



Research Centers

Beckman Institute
Computational Science and Engineering 
Coordinated Science Laboratory
Illinois Applied Research Institute
Illinois Center for Transportation
Information Trust Institute
Institute for Genomic Biology
Materials Research Laboratory
Micro & Nanotechnology Laboratory
National Center for Supercomputing Applications



College Contacts

Office of the Dean
			217-333-2151
Undergraduate programs/Student Inquiries
			217-333-2280
Graduate and Professional Programs
			217-265-4560
Corporate and Research Partners
			217-333-1590
Advancement and Alumni
			217-244-2364
Office of Safety
          217-244-5594



Find Faculty & Staff
Find Administration












Search  










FacebookTwitterYouTubeInstagram


Calendar   
			
				
					Make a Gift

College of Engineering
      			306 Engineering Hall MC 266
				1308 West Green Street
				Urbana, IL 61801
217-333-2151 - engineering@illinois.edu
© 2017 University of Illinois Board of Trustees
Cookie Policy | Privacy
Website designed and maintained by Engineering IT Shared Services



                	Home to
16 top 5
                    ranked degree programs
                

$227 million
2016 research expenditures


Illinois 150: Celebrating our Sesquicentennial 1867-2017



About Engineering at Illinois

As one of the world’s top ranked engineering programs, our students, faculty, and alumni set the standard for excellence. We drive the economy, reimagine engineering education, and bring revolutionary ideas to the world.
We solve the world’s greatest challenges. We look toward the future and find ways to make it a reality. Leading the innovation of virtual reality. Designing electronic tattoos to treat seizures. Building safer global water systems. Converting algae to biofuel. Exploring fusion energy.
We do the impossible every day.




View Full Site





Search  






Home
Admissions
Academics
Research
Student Life
Engage
News
Directory

Close panel










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














george k muellner - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











K & K George | TripAdvisor.com



Ad
 ·
TripAdvisor.com/​Hotel



1144 Photos and Reviews for K+k Hotel George!





Find a Cheap Flight



Top B&Bs



Best Places to Eat




Best Bargain Hotels



Award-Winning Hotels



Find Hotels





Search George Muellner - Looking for George Muellner?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for George Muellner? All You Need is a Name and State.





Learn More



Search Records Now




Best People Search



Search Arrest Records





K George | agoda.com



Ad
 ·
agoda.com/​K+k_George_Hotel



K+k George Hotel in London, England Book K+k George Hotel & Pay Later!





Bali



24/7 Customer Service



Kuala Lumpur



Book Now
















List of members of the National Academy...




Independent Consultant 2016 Kevin G. Bowcutt The Boeing Company 2015 Wesley G. Bush Northrop Grumman Corporation 2015 George K. Muellner Aerospace Corporation 2015 Vigor Yang

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Chicago Catholic League - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Chicago_Catholic_League


The Chicago Catholic League ... The 1920s also saw the addition of more schools to the league—St. George, ... Bill Muellner - played football ...


List of people sanctioned during the Ukrainian crisis ...

www.wow.com/wiki/List_of_individuals_sanctioned_during_the...


List of people sanctioned during the Ukrainian crisis. ... Ribbon of Saint George; Putin khuilo! Export blockade of Ukraine by Russia; Do not buy Russian goods!


Magnetic refrigeration - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Adiabatic_demagnetization


Magnetic refrigeration was the first method developed for cooling below about 0.3K ... George Washington University : USA: July 2004: Reciprocating ? 5: 2 (P)


Erich Kahler - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Erich_Kahler


1964: Stefan George; 1967: The Jews Among the Nations; 1967: Out of the Labyrinth: ... A Disputation with Philip K. Hitti" by Albert Einstein and Erich Kahler.) ...


List of jazz pianists - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Jazz_pianists


List of jazz pianists. ... George Colligan (1969– ) Alice Coltrane ... Tommy Muellner (1953– ) Carli Munoz (1948– ) Bob Murphy (1945-2015)


Zero-point energy - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Zero-point_energy


Zero-point energy is fundamentally related to the Heisenberg uncertainty principle. ... At this time Lieutenant General George Muellner, ...


Al Lang Stadium - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Al_Lang_Stadium


Al Lang Stadium is a 7,500-seat ... the soccer team FC Tampa Bay of the North American Soccer League announced it would move to Al Lang Stadium from George M ...


Garamond - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Monotype_Garamond


Garamond is a group of many old-style serif typefaces, originally those designed by Parisian craftsman Claude Garamond and other 16th century French engravers, and ...


List of playwrights by nationality and year of birth - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/List_of_playwrights_by_nationality_and_date_of_birth


You have no Favorite Channels. To follow a channel click the ... If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link ...










K & K George | TripAdvisor.com



Ad
 ·
TripAdvisor.com/​Hotel



1144 Photos and Reviews for K+k Hotel George!





Find a Cheap Flight



Top B&Bs



Best Places to Eat




Best Bargain Hotels



Award-Winning Hotels



Find Hotels





Search George Muellner - Looking for George Muellner?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for George Muellner? All You Need is a Name and State.





Learn More



Search Records Now




Best People Search



Search Arrest Records





K George | agoda.com



Ad
 ·
agoda.com/​K+k_George_Hotel



K+k George Hotel in London, England Book K+k George Hotel & Pay Later!





Bali



24/7 Customer Service



Kuala Lumpur



Book Now




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network














Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















