

J. Patrick Mulcahy: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 4:42 PM ET
Household Products

Company Overview of Energizer Holdings, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
J. Patrick Mulcahy  Chairman, Energizer Holdings, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 9 different industries.See Board Relationships73$311,534
Background

		Mr. J. Patrick Mulcahy, also known as Pat, served as the Chief Executive Officer of Edgewell Personal Care Company from March 2000 to January 2005 and previously served as its Chief Executive Officer from 1987 to 2000. Mr. Mulcahy served as the Chief Executive Officer of Edgewell Personal Care Brands, LLC, a subsidiary of Edgewell Personal Care Company since March 2000 until January 2005 and worked in same position from 1987 to 2000. He joined Ralston Purina Company ... in 1968 and served as its Corporate Officer from 1984 to 2000. From 1967 to 2000, Mr. Mulcahy served in a number of management positions with Ralston Purina Company. He served as Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President of Nestlé Purina PetCare Company (formerly Ralston Purina Company) from October 1997 to June 1999 and served as its Vice President and Director for Corporate Strategic Planning and Administration from 1984 to 1986. He also served as Division Vice President of Strategic Planning for Ralston Purina Company from 1981 to 1984 and served as its Vice President and Director of Marketing of Grocery Products Group division from 1980 to 1981. He served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of Nestle Purina Canada Inc. (Ralston Purina Canada Inc.) from 1997 to 1999. He was also employed at Nestle Purina PetCare Company. He has been the Chairman at Energizer Holdings, Inc since July 2015. He had been the Chairman of the Board of Edgewell Personal Care Brands, LLC since January 2007. He served as the Chairman of Edgewell Personal Care Company from January 22, 2007 to July 1, 2015. He served as the Chairman of Edgewell Personal Care Brands, LLC from 1987 to 2000. He served as Chairman of RalCorp Holdings Inc. since January 2012. Previously, Mr. Mulcahy served as the Chairman of Edgewell Personal Care Company from 1987 to 2000. He served as Vice Chairman of RalCorp Holdings Inc. from July 2011 to January 2012. He served as Vice Chairman of Edgewell Personal Care Company from January 2005 to January 2007. He has been a Director of Energizer Holdings, Inc. since July 1, 2015. He had been a Director of Edgewell Personal Care Brands, LLC since 2000 and RalCorp Holdings Inc. since October 1, 2007. He served as an Independent Director of Hanesbrands Inc. since September 2006 and also served as its Lead Director since January 2009 until April 25, 2016. He served as a Director of Edgewell Personal Care Company from 2000 to June 30, 2015. He served as a Director of Solutia Inc from 1999 to April 22, 2009.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
533 Maryville University DriveSt. Louis, Missouri 63141United StatesPhone: 314-985-2000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2007-PresentChairmanTreeHouse Private Brands, Inc.2015-PresentChairmanEnergizer Holdings, Inc.
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
Nestlé Purina PetCare CompanyTreeHouse Private Brands, Inc.Solutia Inc.Edgewell Personal Care CompanyEdgewell Personal Care Brands, LLCHanesbrands Inc.Nestle Purina Canada Inc.Post Holdings, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$201,500Total Calculated Compensation$311,534




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationAndreas  Rouvé Chief Executive Officer and DirectorSpectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.$735.0KWilliam A. Wulfsohn Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerAshland Global Holdings Inc.$1.2ME. Scott Santi Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Illinois Tool Works Inc.$1.2MMichael B. Polk Chief Executive Officer and DirectorNewell Brands Inc.$1.3MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Energizer Holdings, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























About Us - Mulcahy
















ESTD 1929








About Us
Partner Area
Contact Us
Emergency After-Hour Parts:  651-295-3885




Selection Tools
Line Card
Green Products
Training
Mulcahy Minute






 


About Us















Mulcahy Company, Inc., founded in 1929, is a manufacturer's representative principally serving the heating, cooling, and plumbing industries.
The companies Mulcahy represents manufacture a variety of products required by these industries, such as centrifugal pumps, boilers, cooling towers, filtration systems, heat exchangers, tanks, piping systems, valves, instruments, motor control devices, solar energy products, variable speed drives, and numerous accessory items. Many of these same products are also applicable in industrial and process applications thus enabling Mulcahy to participate in a number of diversified fields.




Committed to maintaining long-term partnerships
Mulcahy is committed to maintaining long-term partnerships with our customers in the plumbing and HVAC industry. We represent superior quality products, as well as, provide value added services, engineering expertise, and committed employees who strive to exceed our customer’s expectations.


Immediate products from our warehouse and fabrication shop
Often our customers cannot wait for standard manufacturer lead times and require products immediately. From our main facility, Mulcahy also has the capability to provide stock product (same day), and custom product directly from our local warehouse and fabrication shop.




Mulcahy provides significant knowledgeable industry experience to customers, consultants, and manufacturers. No other representative in the Upper Midwest Region offers the combination of valuable experience, superior training, and dedicated staff. Consulting engineers and mechanical contractors look to us to keep them notified of the latest innovations in applied mechanical equipment and systems.






Mulcahy Company
						2700 Blue Water Road, #100
						Eagan, Minnesota 55121
					
View Map

						Phone: 651-686-8580
						Fax: 651-686-8588
Emergency After-Hour Parts: 651-295-3885


						General Inquiries:
						.(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address)




 


Line Card
We proudly represent the following manufacturers

About Us
Partner Area
Contact Us
Selection Tools
Line Card
Green Products
Training
Mulcahy Minute



Mulcahy Co. maintains a large inventory of products and parts to service the immediate needs of our customers.

ABB
Advanced Thermal Hydronics
Aegis
AIC
AK Industries
Aquatherm
Axiom
Baltimore Aircoil Co.
Bell & Gossett
BoilerMag



Cemline
Centrotherm
Composite Cooling Solutions
Danfoss
Domestic Pump/Hoffman Pumps
DOW
DuraVent
Elge
Goulds Pump
HBX Control Systems



HCi
Heat-Timer
Heatlink
High-K
Hoffman Specialty
LAKOS
Marlow
Mason Industries
McDonnell & Miller
Minnesota Flexible



RBI Water Heaters
Rothenberger
Simoneau Boilers
Smith Boilers
Viessmann
Weil Pump
Weiss Instruments
Wessels
Wheeler Tank





Mulcahy Company
    				2700 Blue Water Road, #100
    				Eagan, Minnesota 55121
    			

    				Phone: 651-686-8580
    				Fax: 651-686-8588
				Emergency After-Hour Parts:651-295-3885
    			

    				Copyright © 2017 Mulcahy Company, Inc.
    				All Rights Reserved.
    			


 










J. Patrick Mulcahy - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















J. Patrick Mulcahy
Board Member at Energizer Holdings, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you J. Patrick Mulcahy? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view J. Patrick Mulcahy's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in J. Patrick Mulcahy's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in J. Patrick Mulcahy's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with J. Patrick Mulcahy through your network of contacts.
												








J. Patrick Mulcahy's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Energizer Holdings, Inc.


Past
To view J. Patrick Mulcahy's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
73

 
 


J. Patrick Mulcahy's Biography



Mr. Mulcahy has served as Chairman of Energizer's Board of Directors since July 2015 and served as Chairman of the Board of Edgewell, our former parent company, from 2007-2015. He served as Vice Chairman of the Board of our former parent company from January 2005 to January 2007, and prior to that time served as Chief Executive Officer of our former parent company from 2000 to 2005, and as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Eveready Battery Company, Inc. from 1987 until his retirement in 2005. He is a former director of Ralcorp Holdings, Inc., Solutia, Inc. and Hanesbrands Inc. 

Mr. Mulcahy has over 40 years of experience i ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Mulcahy has served as Chairman of Energizer's Board of Directors since July 2015 and served as Chairman of the Board of Edgewell, our former parent company, from 2007-2015. He served as Vice Chairman of the Board of our former parent company from January 2005 to January 2007, and prior to that time served as Chief Executive Officer of our former parent company from 2000 to 2005, and as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Eveready Battery Company, Inc. from 1987 until his retirement in 2005. He is a former director of Ralcorp Holdings, Inc., Solutia, Inc. and Hanesbrands Inc. 

Mr. Mulcahy has over 40 years of experience in consumer products industries, including almost 20 years as chief executive of Energizer's battery business. He is very knowledgeable about the dynamics of our business and the categories in which we compete. His experience with the complex financial and operational issues of consumer products businesses brings critical financial, operational and strategic expertise to our Board of Directors.
		
Source: Energizer Holdings, Inc. on 12/13/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view J. Patrick Mulcahy's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like J. Patrick Mulcahy. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in J. Patrick Mulcahy's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in J. Patrick Mulcahy's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with J. Patrick Mulcahy through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: J. Patrick Mulcahy


















J. Patrick Mulcahy's Connections (137)





Sign up now to view J. Patrick Mulcahy's 137 connections »









John R. Roberts
Board Member, Centene Corporation









Gregory C. Smith
Former Vice Chairman, Ford Motor Company









Harry A. Cockrell
Board Member, Sonoco Products Company









Patrick J. Moore
Board Member, Archer Daniels Midland









Gayle G. Stratmann
Former Vice President and General Counsel, Edgewell Personal Care Company









Joseph W. McClanathan
Board Member, Leggett & Platt, Incorporated









William T. Monahan
Lead Director, Pentair plc









Barry H. Beracha
Former Board Member, Herc Holdings Inc.









Robert V. Vitale
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Post Holdings, Inc.









William J. Nictakis
Former Chief Commercial Officer, International Businesses and Global Retailers, Hanesbrands Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















MULCAHY J PATRICK Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      MULCAHY J PATRICK
                    

•   WINSTON-SALEM, NC
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Mulcahy J Patrick is based out of Winston-salem.    WhaleWisdom has at least 41 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Mulcahy J Patrick. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from MULCAHY J PATRICK, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




mulcahy j patrick


1000 EAST HANES MILL ROAD

WINSTON-SALEM
NC
                                                        
                                                    27105


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      (336) 519-4400
SEC SIC CODE:2040-GRAIN MILL PRODUCTS







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 07/05/2017
4 filed on 06/16/2017
4 filed on 04/03/2017
4 filed on 03/16/2017
4 filed on 01/05/2017
4 filed on 01/04/2017
4 filed on 12/19/2016
4 filed on 10/04/2016
4 filed on 09/13/2016
4 filed on 07/05/2016
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free








































 



 Energizer Holdings And Edgewell Personal Care Announce Composition Of New Boards Of Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









Energizer Holdings And Edgewell Personal Care Announce Composition Of New Boards Of Directors

		  Industry Veterans to Provide Oversight and Leadership, Positioning both Companies to Deliver Value for Shareholders, Customers and Consumers
		

Apr 27, 2015, 17:00 ET
		  		  									
						 from   Energizer Holdings, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


ST. LOUIS, April 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Energizer Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:   ENR) ("Energizer") today announced the composition of the Boards of Directors for future Energizer Holdings, Inc. and Edgewell Personal Care Company following completion of the previously announced tax-free separation of the Household Products and Personal Care businesses, which is expected to be finalized by July 1, 2015.
The new Energizer Board of Directors will comprise ten directors, nine of whom will be independent:

J. Patrick Mulcahy, Chairman of the Board 
Alan Hoskins, Chief Executive Officer of future Energizer Holdings, Inc. 
Bill Armstrong 
Cynthia Brinkley 
Kevin Hunt 
James Johnson 
John Klein 
W. Patrick McGinnis 
Patrick Moore 
John Roberts
"The new Energizer Board is a strong composition of independence and continuity to guide the company through its next chapter of success," said Pat Mulcahy, Chairman of the Energizer Board of Directors. "Our directors have proven track records in areas critical to Energizer's future, including consumer products, finance and global operations. The Board and our management team will work tirelessly to build upon Energizer's legacy and leading market positions as they seek to drive enhanced returns and deliver long-term value for our shareholders, customers and consumers." 
The Edgewell Personal Care Board of Directors will comprise eight directors, six of whom will be independent:

Ward Klein, Executive Chairman of the Board 
David Hatfield, Chief Executive Officer of Edgewell Personal Care Company 
Daniel Heinrich 
Carla Hendra 
R. David Hoover 
John Hunter III 
James Johnson 
Rakesh Sachdev
"The announcement of the Boards of Directors for Energizer and Edgewell is an exciting and important milestone as we move closer to completing our separation into two leading publicly-traded consumer companies," said Ward Klein, CEO of Energizer and future Executive Chairman of the Edgewell Personal Care Board of Directors. "Edgewell will benefit from the expertise of our continuing Board members as well as the fresh perspectives that our new directors will bring.  Edgewell's Board is composed of outstanding professionals who are committed to working with the management team to innovate across categories and advance Edgewell's leading brands to continue to deliver value for our shareholders."
Individual Biographies
The following are brief biographies of individuals who will serve on the new Energizer Board of Directors:

J. Patrick Mulcahy, Chairman of the Board
Mr. Mulcahy has served as Chairman of the Board of Energizer Holdings, Inc. since 2007. He served as Vice Chairman of the Board from January 2005 to January 2007. Prior to that time, he served as Chief Executive Officer, Energizer Holdings, Inc. from 2000 to 2005, and as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Eveready Battery Company, Inc. from 1987 until his retirement in 2005. He is also a director of Hanesbrands Inc. and was formerly a director of Ralcorp Holdings, Inc. and Solutia, Inc. 
Alan Hoskins, Chief Executive Officer
As Chief Executive Officer of the Household Products business, Mr. Hoskins brings a wealth of global and cross-functional experience to lead the organization post-separation. During his 32 years of service with the Company, Mr. Hoskins has held a number of senior leadership positions prior to his existing role as President and Chief Executive Officer of the household products division, most recently as Vice President, Asia-Pacific, Africa and Middle East during 2007 to 2012. 
Bill Armstrong
Mr. Armstrong is a private equity investor and a former director of Ralcorp Holdings, Inc. From 2001 to 2004, Mr. Armstrong served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at Cargill Animal Nutrition. Prior to his employment with Cargill, Mr. Armstrong served as Chief Operating Officer of Agribrands International, Inc., an international agricultural products business, and as Executive Vice President of Operations of the international agricultural products business of Ralston Purina Company. He also served as managing director of Ralston's Philippine operations, and during his tenure there, was a director of the American Chamber of Commerce.  Mr. Armstrong is a former director of Ralcorp Holdings, Inc. 
Cynthia Brinkley
Ms. Brinkley is currently Executive Vice President for International Operations and Business Integration for Centene Corporation. Prior to joining Centene in 2014, Ms. Brinkley was Vice President of Global Human Resources for General Motors from 2011 to 2013. Prior to GM, she was Senior Vice President of Talent Development and Chief Diversity Officer for AT&T from 2008 to 2011. Ms. Brinkley worked for SBC Communications from 1986 to 2008, lastly as President of SBC / AT&T Missouri, while SBC Communications acquired AT&T. She is currently Chair of the National Oasis Institute. 
Kevin Hunt
Mr. Hunt was appointed Chief Executive Officer and President of Ralcorp Holdings in 2012. Mr. Hunt previously served as Co-Chief Executive Officer and President of Ralcorp Holdings from 2003 to 2011 and Corporate Vice President from 1995 to 2003. Prior to joining Ralcorp Holdings, he was Director of Strategic Planning for Ralston Purina and before that, he was employed in various roles in international and domestic markets and general management by American Home Products Corporation. Mr. Hunt serves as an Advisory Director for Berkshire Partners and is a Director of the Clearwater Paper Corporation Board. 
James Johnson
Mr. Johnson served as General Counsel of Loop Capital Markets LLC from November 2010 until his retirement in January 2014. From 1998 to 2009, Mr. Johnson served in a number of positions at The Boeing Company, an aerospace and defense firm, including Vice President, Corporate Secretary and Assistant General Counsel from 2003 until 2007, and Vice President and Assistant General Counsel, Commercial Airplanes from 2007 to his retirement in March 2009. He is also a director of Ameren Corporation and Hanesbrands Inc. 
John Klein
Mr. Klein served as President of Randolph College from 2007 to 2013. Previously, Mr. Klein served as Executive Vice Chancellor for Administration, Washington University in St. Louis from 2004 to 2007. From 1985 to 2003, Mr. Klein served as President and Chief Executive Officer, Bunge North America, Inc.  Prior to his appointment as CEO, he served in various senior executive positions for Bunge North America and, earlier in his career, in a variety of positions internationally for Bunge, Ltd. Mr. Klein earned a law degree and practiced law in New York City for several years before joining Bunge Ltd. He is a former director of Embrex, Inc. 
W. Patrick McGinnis
Mr. McGinnis served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Nestlé Purina PetCare Company from 2001 through January 1, 2015. From 1980 to 1999, he served various roles of increasing responsibility at Ralston Purina Company, including President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. McGinnis serves on the Board of Brown Shoe Company, Inc. 
Patrick Moore
Mr. Moore currently serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of PJM Advisors, LLC, a private equity investment and advisory firm. Prior to PJM, Mr. Moore served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Smurfit-Stone Container Corporation from 2002 to 2011. He previously held positions in corporate lending, international banking and corporate administration at Continental Bank in Chicago. He serves on the North American Review Board of American Air Liquide Holdings, Inc. and on the Board of Archer Daniels Midland Company. 
John Roberts
Mr. Roberts has been a Director of Energizer Holdings Inc. since 2003. He served as Executive Director of Civic Progress St. Louis from 2001 to 2006. Mr. Roberts served as a Managing Partner of Mid-South Region at Arthur Andersen LLP from 1993 to1998. He serves as a Director of Centene Corp. Mr. Roberts is also a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and formerly served on the Board of Regions Financial Corporation.
The following are brief biographies of those individuals who will serve on the Edgewell Personal Care Company Board of Directors:

Ward Klein, Executive Chairman of the Board
Mr. Klein has served as Chief Executive Officer, Energizer Holdings, Inc. since 2005. He previously served as President and Chief Operating Officer from 2004 to 2005, as President, International from 2002 to 2004, and as Vice President, Asia Pacific and Latin America from 2000 to 2002. He is also lead independent director of Brown Shoe Company, Inc. and Chairman of Civic Progress St. Louis. He is a former director of AmerUs Group Co. and formerly served as Chairman on the Board of Directors of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. 
David Hatfield, Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Hatfield will lead Edgewell as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Hatfield has served as President and CEO of Schick-Wilkinson Sword and Energizer Personal Care since April 2007. He previously served in a variety of marketing roles in Energizer's Household Products business, including Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer from 2004 to 2007, Vice President, North America and Global Marketing from 1999 to 2004 and Vice President of Marketing, Europe from 1997 to 1999. Before 1997, he held several notable roles including Director of Marketing, U.S., Director of Marketing, Latin America, and Advertising Manager during the launch of the Energizer Bunny®. He joined the company in 1988. 
Daniel Heinrich
Mr. Heinrich served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Clorox Company from 2009 to 2011 and as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2003 to 2009. Earlier in his career, he was Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of The Clorox Company. Prior to his employment with The Clorox Company, he was Senior Vice President and Treasurer of Transamerica Finance Corporation.  He began his career at Ernst & Young LLP where he spent more than eight years in both audit and tax roles. Mr. Heinrich is a director of ARAMARK Holdings Corporation. 
Carla Hendra
Ms. Hendra served as President of OgilvyOne North America, Co-Chief Executive Officer of Ogilvy & Mather North America, and Chairman of Ogilvy New York between 1998 to 2009. In 2010, she became founding Chairman of OgilvyRED. Prior to joining Ogilvy in 1996, she was an Executive Vice President of Grey Direct, a division of Grey Advertising, from 1992 to 1996. She joined CRM agency Barry Blau & Partners in 1981, where she was General Manager until 1992. Ms. Hendra began her career at JAG, a fashion retailer/wholesaler in sales and marketing.  Ms. Hendra is also a Board member of Brown Shoe Company and a member of the advisory Board of Reye Partners, LLC. 
R. David Hoover
Mr. Hoover served as Chairman of Ball Corporation from January 2011 to April 2013. He served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Ball Corporation from 2010 to 2011; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer from 2002 to 2010 and President and Chief Executive Officer from 2001 to 2002. He is currently a director of Ball Corporation, Eli Lilly and Company and Steelcase, Inc. and was formerly a director of Qwest Communications International, Inc. Mr. Hoover began his employment at Ball Corporation in 1970, and has served in numerous finance and administration, treasury and operational capacities during his tenure, including service as chief financial officer, chief operating officer and chief executive officer. 
John Hunter III
John C. Hunter, III most recently served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Solutia. He began his career in 1969 with Monsanto Company, and for the next three decades held positions of increasing responsibility in areas such as engineering, sales, and management. He was appointed Vice President and General Manager, Asia Pacific, for the Specialty Chemicals Division of Monsanto Chemical Company in 1989, and Vice President and General Manager, Fibers Division and Asia-Pacific for the Chemicals Group, an operating unit of Monsanto Company, in 1993. Mr. Hunter became President of the Fibers Business Unit in 1995. He serves as a director on the Board of KMG Chemicals, Inc. and formerly served as a Board member of Hercules, Inc. 
James Johnson
Mr. Johnson served as General Counsel of Loop Capital Markets LLC from November 2010 until his retirement in January 2014. From 1998 to 2009, Mr. Johnson served in a number of positions at The Boeing Company, an aerospace and defense firm, including Vice President, Corporate Secretary and Assistant General Counsel from 2003 until 2007, and Vice President and Assistant General Counsel, Commercial Airplanes from 2007 to his retirement in March 2009. He is also a director of Ameren Corporation and Hanesbrands Inc. 
Rakesh Sachdev
Mr. Sachdev serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of Sigma-Aldrich, which he joined in 2008 as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer. Prior to joining Sigma-Aldrich, he served as Senior Vice President and President of Asia Pacific for ArvinMeritor, Inc. Mr. Sachdev joined ArvinMeritor in 1999 after more than 18 years of senior management experience with Cummins Engine Company.  He also serves on the Board of Regal Beloit Corporation.
About Energizer:
Energizer Holdings, Inc. is a consumer goods company operating globally in the broad categories of personal care and household products. The Personal Care Division offers a diversified range of consumer products in the wet shave, skin care, feminine care and infant care categories with well-established brand names such as Schick® and Wilkinson Sword® men's and women's shaving systems and disposable razors; Edge® and Skintimate® shave preparations; Playtex®, Stayfree®, Carefree® and o.b.® feminine care products; Playtex® infant feeding, Diaper Genie® and gloves; Banana Boat® and Hawaiian Tropic® sun care products; and Wet Ones® moist wipes. The Household Products Division offers consumers a broad range of household and specialty batteries and portable lighting products, anchored by the universally recognized Energizer® and Eveready® brands. The company markets its products throughout most of the world. Energizer Holdings, Inc. is traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol ENR.
On April 30, 2014, Energizer Holdings announced plans to divide and create two independent, publicly traded companies:
New Household Products (to be named Energizer Holdings, Inc.), a leading consumer products company with annual revenue of approximately $1.8 billion in the fiscal year ending September 30, 2014, offering strong margins and significant cash flows anchored by its two globally recognized battery brands.
New Personal Care (to be Edgewell Personal Care Company): a leading pure-play personal care company with annual revenue of approximately $2.6 billion in the fiscal year ending September 30, 2014, offering top-line growth and capital return through a large portfolio of global brands with #1 or #2 positions in their categories. 
Forward-Looking Statements:
This press release contains both historical and forward-looking statements. Words, and variations of words such as "planned," "will," "expected," and similar expressions are intended to identify our forward-looking statements, including but not limited to our plan to create two independent public companies; timing of separation, and expectations for each new company. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and are inherently subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict and could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated by these statements. We cannot assure you that any of our expectations, estimates or projections will be achieved. The forward-looking statements included in this document are only made as of the date of this document and we disclaim any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. Numerous factors could cause our actual results and events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements, including, without limitation:

Whether the separation of the Household Products and Personal Care businesses is completed, as expected or at all, and the timing of any such separation; 
Whether the conditions to the separation can be satisfied; 
Whether the operational, marketing and strategic benefits of the separation can be achieved; 
Whether the costs and expenses of the separation can be controlled within expectations; 
General market and economic conditions; 
Market trends in the categories in which we operate; 
The success of new products and the ability to continually develop and market new products; 
Our ability to attract, retain and improve distribution with key customers; 
Our ability to continue planned advertising and other promotional spending; 
Our ability to timely execute strategic initiatives, including restructurings, in a manner that will positively impact our financial condition and results of operations and does not disrupt our business operations; 
The impact of strategic initiatives, including the planned separation as well as restructurings, on our relationships with employees, customers and vendors; 
Our ability to maintain and improve market share in the categories in which we operate despite heightened competitive pressure; 
Our ability to improve operations and realize cost savings; 
The impact of foreign currency exchange rates and currency controls, particularly in Venezuela and Argentina, as well as offsetting hedges; 
The impact of raw material and other commodity costs; 
The impact of change in accounting position as it relates to the selection of the applicable Venezuelan translation rate; 
Goodwill impairment charges resulting from declines in profitability or estimated cash flows related to intangible assets or market valuations for similar assets; 
Costs and reputational damage associated with cyber-attacks or information security breaches; 
Our ability to acquire and integrate businesses, and to realize the projected results of acquisitions; 
The impact of advertising and product liability claims and other litigation; 
Compliance with debt covenants and maintenance of credit ratings as well as the impact of interest and principal repayment of our existing and any future debt; or 
The impact of legislative or regulatory determinations or changes by federal, state and local, and foreign authorities, including taxing authorities.
In addition, other risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we consider immaterial could affect the accuracy of any such forward-looking statements. The list of factors above is illustrative, but by no means exhaustive. All forward-looking statements should be evaluated with the understanding of their inherent uncertainty. Additional risks and uncertainties include those detailed from time to time in Energizer's publicly filed documents, including its annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2014 and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ending December 31, 2014.
 


 SOURCE  Energizer Holdings, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.energizer.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Apr 27, 2015, 17:00 ET
Preview: Energizer Holdings, Inc. Declares Dividend For Third Quarter Of Fiscal 2015













Apr 21, 2015, 12:43 ET
Preview: Energizer Holdings, Inc. To Webcast A Discussion Of Second Quarter Fiscal 2015 Results On May 5, 2015






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





May 18, 2017, 07:00 ET
Energizer Holdings, Inc. To Webcast A Discussion Of Third Quarter...








May 18, 2017, 07:00 ET
Energizer Holdings, Inc. Appoints Timothy Gorman Interim Chief...








May 18, 2017, 07:00 ET
Energizer Holdings, Inc. To Webcast Presentation At The RBC...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 









Patrick Mulcahy - Latest News (UK)















UK Corporate Information













COMPANIES
DIRECTORS












HomeCompany SearchDirector Search












HomeCompany SearchDirector SearchCompany by Zip Code










Patrick Mulcahy
Laleham Road, , Staines-Upon-Thames, , TW18 2NP


OVERVIEW - Patrick MulcahyLATEST NEWS







Patrick Mulcahy - Latest News


Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival breaking records in 26th seasonThe Morning Call • Friday 14 July 2017“Breaking attendance records is always delightful, but for us the deeper satisfaction is in the feedback we receive on the quality of the productions,” says Patrick Mulcahy, producing artistic director. “That’s where we put most of our ...
Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival Launches Season with Record-Breaking ProductionsBroadway World • Thursday 13 July 2017"Breaking attendance records is always delightful, but for us the deeper satisfaction is in the feedback we receive on the quality of the productions," said Patrick Mulcahy, producing artistic director. "That's where we put most of our energy, months and ...






Kevin Patrick Mulcahy (NMLS #295944)birdeye.com • Wednesday 12 July 2017You can claim this profile as a part of the BirdEye suite. It will instantly provide you with a fully SEO optimized web presence solution and you will be able to update business information such as hours and categories, respond to reviews, share updates ...
Biography of Patrick Mulcahytheofficialboard.com • Thursday 06 July 2017Sorry, but Patrick Mulcahy cannot be contacted yet through our email service. Please use our Premium/VIP service to join colleagues of Patrick Mulcahy listed below. Here are a few tips for establishing great contacts. In the Household Products industry ...
J. Mulcahywww.corporationwiki.com • Thursday 06 July 2017J. Patrick Mulcahy has been associated with one company, according to public records. The company was incorporated in Florida, Texas, California, Nevada, and New York eleven years ago. Background Report for J. Patrick Mulcahy Includes Age, Location ...
J. Patrick MulcahyBloomberg • Wednesday 05 July 2017Mr. J. Patrick Mulcahy, also known as Pat, served as the Chief Executive Officer of Edgewell Personal Care Company from March 2000 to January 2005 and previously served as its Chief Executive Officer from 1987 to 2000. Mr. Mulcahy served as the Chief ...
Granite State Games got bigger, better in third year of existenceUnion Leader • Monday 26 June 2017The Granite State Games are sponsored in part by the New Hampshire Union Leader. Granite State Games Chief Executive Director Patrick Mulcahy said one of his favorite aspects of the event is seeing athletes from different schools and backgrounds come ...
J. Patrick Mulcahy, MBA4 Traders • Saturday 24 June 2017Mr. J. Patrick Mulcahy is Chairman at Energizer Holdings, Inc. Mr. Mulcahy was previously employed as Chairman by Ralcorp Holdings, Inc., Lead Independent Director by Hanesbrands, Inc., Chairman by Energizer Holdings, Inc., and Chairman & Chief Executive ...
Lakeland couple makes ice cream sandwiches with a twistThe Ledger • Wednesday 21 June 2017Neither is hearing impaired but they have a heart for assisting members who are. Finding paying jobs proved difficult, says Patrick Mulcahy, 41, and after burning through savings he hit upon the idea of making ice cream. “I always have crazy ideas,” he ...
Granite State Games showcase local athletesConcord Monitor • Tuesday 20 June 2017HOOKSETT – The idea for the Granite State Games was one Patrick Mulcahy drew from his own experience as a high school athlete hoping to continue his playing career in college. Mulcahy, chief executive director of the Granite State Games, was a high ...
Review by Patrick Mulcahyletterboxd.com • Sunday 18 June 2017Viewed in black and white ('Logan Noir'). After the empty spectacle of 'The Wolverine', this was simple and action packed; a redefinition of the X Men terms of reference with none of the pretentious references to the Holocaust. The opening is a great ...
Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival right around the corner69 WFMZ TV News • Friday 26 May 2017"It is distinctive and it is the only fully professional theater within a 150 mile radius," says Patrick Mulcahy, Producing Artistic Director for the festival. The festival features seven major productions and 150 performances in a 9-and-a-half week season.
People Search Report on Patrick Mulcahy in Palos Verdes Peninsula, CAwww.intelius.com • Saturday 20 May 2017Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Patrick Mulcahy Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius is not a Consumer Reporting Agency (CRA) as defined by the ...
Paddlers disappointed, but undeterred after dozens of canoes vandalizedKHON2 • Monday 15 May 2017Hui Nalu Canoe Club members told KHON2 they’re just not sure why someone would do ... were sliced and cut,” said member Patrick Mulcahy. The members realized the extent of the damage when they got back to shore. “The ropes had been cut on 16 boats ...
Artculture multimedia show part of West Chicago's Blooming FestDaily Herald • Monday 08 May 2017Featuring pianist Stu Mindeman and bassist Patrick Mulcahy, the ensemble is driven by Pastor's drums and percussion, often employing the Peruvian cajon. The band performs original music composed by all three musicians that explores a variety of South ...
Whatever happened to Hi-Fi Shows and the importance of both Patricia Barber and Radka Toneff?hifianswers.com • Tuesday 02 May 2017She was very ably assisted by Patrick Mulcahy on bass and Nate Friedman on drums. Unexpectedly enjoyable as I was not aware of her later recordings and compositions. mailto: b_and_j@talktalk.net Hi. I'm Tony Andrews and I am Contributing Editor / Jazz here.
Patrick Mulcahy turns to MPPA program to help prepare him for career in public serviceUMSL Blogs • Wednesday 19 April 2017One might be tempted to call Patrick Mulcahy the chief of staff … if he had a staff. Mulcahy is the lone aide working in the office of St. Louis County Councilman Pat Dolan by day while pursuing his Master of Public Policy Administration degree at the ...
There when the bell rang, there for communitySentinel & Enterprise • Friday 24 March 2017Owning a sense of kindness that superseded social constraints, Mulcahy's reputation preceded him as far as coastal Maine, where his son, Patrick Mulcahy, was once 30 miles out to sea when he was asked by an unfamiliar fisherman, "Are you Mulky's son?"
Hyland Adds Two Data Centres in New Zealand to Support Growing Cloud CustomersComputer World • Tuesday 24 January 2017“We are expanding our footprint in the region, and with that we bring Hyland’s 13 years of privately managed and secure cloud hosting expertise to both existing and new customers of all sizes and needs,” said Patrick Mulcahy, vice president of global ...
Hyland Adds Two Data Centres in New Zealand to Support Growing Cloud Customerscmo.com.au • Tuesday 24 January 2017“We are expanding our footprint in the region, and with that we bring Hyland’s 13 years of privately managed and secure cloud hosting expertise to both existing and new customers of all sizes and needs,” said Patrick Mulcahy, vice president of global ...






Hyland Adds Two Data Centres in New ZealandAuckland Scoop • Tuesday 24 January 2017AUCKLAND – January 24, 2017 – Hyland announces the opening of two data centres in New Zealand to support the growing global ... and new customers of all sizes and needs,” said Patrick Mulcahy, vice president of global cloud services at Hyland.
Hyland Adds Two Data Centers in New Zealand to Support Growing Cloud CustomersMobility Techzone • Monday 23 January 2017"We are expanding our footprint in the region, and with that we bring Hyland's 13 year of privately managed and secure cloud hosting expertise to both existing and new customers of all sizes and needs," said Patrick Mulcahy, vice president of global cloud ...
After a Quiet Year, Boulder's New-Brewery Scene Gets BusierDener Westward • Monday 23 January 2017Boulder’s new-brewery scene was quiet for the majority of 2016 ... Kettle & Spoke is co-located with a bike shop and supply store. Patrick Mulcahy and Paul Sink took the opposite approach at Kettle & Spoke. Located inside a building that also houses ...
Hyland Adds Two Data Centers in New Zealand to Support Growing Cloud CustomersLe Lézard • Monday 23 January 2017CLEVELAND, Jan. 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Hyland announces the opening of two data centers in New Zealand to support the growing global demand ... and new customers of all sizes and needs," said Patrick Mulcahy, vice president of global cloud services ...
New Years resolutions? No nostalgiaIrish Central • Sunday 08 January 2017On New Year’s Eve, actor William Christopher died in California at the age of 84. Christopher played the Irish American priest Francis John Patrick Mulcahy on the hit TV show M*A*S*H*, set during the Korean War. This was not a loss on the level of ...
Requiescat In Pace: William Christopherthe-american-catholic.com • Tuesday 03 January 2017Father John Patrick Mulcahy to a patient in an episode of the MASH television show. During my misspent youth I wasted too many hours watching the old MASH sitcom set during the Korean War in a Mobile Army Surgical Hospital. I really didn’t even like ...
What Father Mulcahy of M*A*S*H* Taught Us about the Priesthoodepicpew.com • Monday 02 January 2017As the year was winding down, 2016 claimed one last celebrity victim. William Christopher, 84, who played the beloved Father Francis John Patrick Mulcahy on M*A*S*H, died peacefully and without pain at his Pasadena home on the morning of New Year’s Eve.
'THE GINGERBREAD MAN': Duluth man talks the craft before Gingerbread City eventDuluth News Tribune • Friday 18 November 2016When Patrick Mulcahy created a replica of Glensheen, he used as his guide blueprints for the Congdon mansion, a copy from its keepers at the University of Minnesota Duluth. His version, made from gingerbread, matched the original on London Road.
Former Long Island councilman found dead in Myrtle BeachNew York Post • Sunday 13 November 201628. “We were holding out hope he would return. This is quite a blow,” family friend Patrick Mulcahy told The Post. Buckley retired from the police department in 2007 to run for the Riverhead Town Board. He resigned in February 2009.
Remains identified as those of missing Myrtle Beach man, who was former police officer in N.Y.Myrtle Beach Online • Friday 11 November 2016His family was told Thursday about the discovery of the remains, and family friend Patrick Mulcahy of Wading River, N.Y., is in Myrtle Beach to assist the family, the website reports. “The police department down here has done an outstanding job ...
Police: Woman Dragged by Hair in BallstonARL Now • Monday 31 October 2016When witnesses intervened, the subject struck two additional female victims. Sean Patrick Mulcahy, 32, of Arlington Va, was arrested and charged with abduction and assault & battery.
Man Drags Woman by Her Hair Outside Ballston Restaurant: PolicePatch • Monday 31 October 2016"When witnesses intervened, the subject struck two additional female victims." Police arrested 32-year-old Sean Patrick Mulcahy of Arlington on charges of abduction as well as assault and battery.
Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival Announces 2017 Summer Seasonamericantheatre.org • Thursday 20 October 2016“This season charts a course through five locales and five different centuries, creating one grand adventure for our artists and our patrons,” said producing artistic director Patrick Mulcahy in a statement. The season will begin with Evita (June 14 ...
Hyland Announces the Next Evolution of Its Cloud Hosting Architecture, the Hyland Cloudworkflowotg.com • Monday 17 October 2016"With more than 13 years of cloud deployment experience and well over 4 billion documents stored, the Hyland Cloud is a mature and proven solution for organizations of all sizes, from department to enterprise-wide deployments," said Patrick Mulcahy ...
How 20 public safety officers in San Bernardino move a giant 757 plane 40 feetThe Sun • Monday 01 August 2016Patrick Mulcahy of the New York City Police Department. “The events that occurred in San Bernardino were felt by all of us in New York City and we are happy to do anything we can to help the community heal.” Together on Monday, 20 police ...
The legendary Battle of the Sexes takes the stage at the Pennsylvania Shakespeare FestivalThe Mercury • Saturday 09 July 2016Both a popular comedy and the iconic dramatization of the battle of the sexes, The Taming of the Shrew continues the Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival’s 25th anniversary ... of the first season,” says Patrick Mulcahy, producing artistic director.
Cambria County commissioners sift through CSA candidatesDaily American • Friday 06 May 2016Since he was reappointed in January, his replacement will serve until 2021. Hoppel was the board secretary, so in his stead, assistant treasurer Patrick Mulcahy Jr. will also serve as secretary until a replacement is named. Hoppel cited personal reasons ...
Discover jazz quartet at Perrysburg churchThe Sentinel Tribune • Thursday 07 April 2016Boundary St, Led by recording artist Stephen Lynerd, vibraphonist, the group includes Patrick Mulcahy, bass; Benjamin Lynerd, piano and John Deitemeyer, drums. We have used your information to see if you have a subscription with us, but did not find one.
Higher: Rene Fleming and Patricia Barber Perform The Music of Patricia Barber at The Kennedy Centerdcmetrotheaterarts.com • Thursday 17 December 2015Barber then took to the stage with a piano stripped of its cover and a three-piece band of seasoned jazz musicians (Jon Deitemeyer-Drums, Neal Alger-Guitar, and Patrick Mulcahy-Bass). Her instrumental pieces “Like JT” and “B Minor Improvisation ...
District 97 Part Ways With Two MembersAntimusic • Saturday 14 November 2015(Prog) District 97 have split with bassist Patrick Mulcahy and keyboard player Rob Clearfield. The band say the shake-up is amicable and all parties involved remain on good terms. They've moved swiftly to recruit Tim Seisser and Andrew Lawrence in their ...






District 97 split with bassist and keyboardistteamrock.com • Friday 13 November 2015Band move quickly to replace Patrick Mulcahy and Rob Clearfield as Chicago outfit outline plans for world tour Kickstarter campaign District 97 have split with bassist Patrick Mulcahy and keyboard player Rob Clearfield. The band say the shake-up is ...
Vermont State Police Log for Oct 22: Forest Dale driver killed, passengers injured in Sudbury one-car accidentAddison County Independent • Thursday 22 October 2015He was transported to the Rutland Regional Medical Center but died from his injuries. Mulcahy, the son of Karla Rantanen and Patrick Mulcahy, was a 2013 graduate of Otter Valley Union High School, and he worked for Lake Region Landscaping in Hubbardton.
Avenue of Heroes Bio: Major General Francis Patrick Mulcahycoronadotimes.com • Tuesday 25 August 2015Some might have called it a suicide mission that October day in 1918 on the frontlines in France, but not 24-year-old Capt. Francis Mulcahy, Flight Commander, Squadron A, First Marine Aviation Force. He was not a risk taker that was evident from the risk ...
Charles Patrick Mulcahylegacy.com • Friday 24 July 2015Charles Patrick Mulcahy 1957 - 2015 Charlie was born in 1957 to Raymond "Pat" and Geneva "Nelle" (nee Grasham) Mulcahy in Santa Barbara, CA. He spent the majority of his childhood in Wilmington, CA and was a Long Beach Press-Telegram honor carrier.
District 97: In Vaultsseaoftranquility.org • Wednesday 01 July 2015The rest of District 97 is made up guitarist Jim Tashjian, keyboard player Rob Clearfield, bassist Patrick Mulcahy, and drummer Jonathan Schang, all very capable musicians who have a firm grasp of all things progressive rock, jazz-fusion, and metal ...
District 97 celebrate a gleaming new album of top-shelf prog at Martyrs' on FridayCHICAGO READER • Thursday 18 June 2015Drummer Jonathan Schang, keyboardist Rob Clearfield, bassist Patrick Mulcahy, and guitarist Jim Tashjian all have jazz bona fides, and formidable vocalist Leslie Hunt (who appeared on American Idol in 2007, before joining the band) is the daughter of ...
District 97 to release new album in Junetheprogressiveaspect.net • Friday 15 May 2015With an energetic and assorted blend of alternative/pop and progressive rock, DISTRICT 97 was formed in the Fall of 2006 by drummer Jonathan Schang, keyboardist Rob Clearfield, bassist Patrick Mulcahy and guitarist Sam Krahn, the latter eventually replaced ...
DISTRICT 97: Chicago Prog/Rock Act Prepares To Release New Album Through Lasers Edge In Juneearsplitcompound.com • Thursday 14 May 2015With an energetic and assorted blend of alternative/pop and progressive rock, DISTRICT 97 was formed in the Fall of 2006 by drummer Jonathan Schang, keyboardist Rob Clearfield, bassist Patrick Mulcahy and guitarist Sam Krahn, the latter eventually replaced ...
Energizer posts loss on personal care spin-off costsCosmetics Design • Wednesday 06 May 2015J Patrick Mulcahy gets the top job as chairman of the board for Edgewell, having already served as chairman of Energizer Holdings since 2007. He also served as CEO of Everyready Battery Company from 1985 to his retirement in 2005.
Furry fundraiser inspires banter dispatchlive.co.za • Wednesday 29 April 2015TANGLES AND TUFTS: Hudson Park High School teachers Patrick Mulcahy, Steve Anderson and Gareth van Harmelen are on a mission to raise funds for St Bernard’s Hospice by not shaving until the end of the third term. They share a light moment with with ...
Burlington man faces inhalant chargeBurlington Free Press • Thursday 02 April 2015Cameron P. Hollopeter, 28 is due in Vermont Superior Court in Burlington April 16, police said. Officer Patrick Mulcahy said police responded to a report of a possibly intoxicated man at about 8:20 a.m. Monday. Investigation revealed Hollopeter was under ...
DISTRICT 97 & JOHN WETTON  One More Red Night: Live In Chicagodmme.net • Monday 23 February 2015On the latter, having left heavy bass duties to Patrick Mulcahy, the veteran shares vocals with the band’s singer Leslie Hunt, an “American Idol” finalist, pouring a sharper sensuality into the funkified “Lament” and “Fallen Angel” whose riff ...
'Les Miserables' to open 2015 Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival seasonLehigh Valley Live • Friday 16 January 2015"Les Miserables" will be the first show to welcome in the 2015 Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival season ... PSF Producing Artistic Director Patrick Mulcahy says in a news release. The production will be performed June 10-28. Single tickets will be released ...
Barber, Marker come to WDCBChicago Tribune • Wednesday 03 December 2014with bassist Larry Kohut and drummer Jon Deitemyer; “The Double Bass: Sound, Repertoire and Function,” with bassists Patrick Mulcahy and Andrew Anderson. Marker, who hosts the “Blues Breakers” program on WXRT-FM 93.1, will add to his schedule a ...
Fil-Ams at New York forum share experiences with domestic violenceGlobal Nation • Friday 31 October 2014Similar offices are located in other states. New York Police Department (NYPD) Head of Domestic Violence and Abuse Desk, Lt. Patrick Mulcahy, revealed that approximately 285,000 incidents of domestic violence were reported last year through their hotline ...
Riverhead Country Fair draws thousands downtown for 39th annual eventsoutholdlocal.com • Monday 13 October 2014It’s hard to say for sure how many people attended the fair, but the weather was inviting and there was a steady crowd all day long, said Mary Ellen Ellwood, who serves as co-coordinator of the fair with Patrick Mulcahy. Vendors put the crowd estimate at ...
Riverhead Country Fair draws thousands downtown for 39th annual eventRiverhead Local • Monday 13 October 2014It’s hard to say for sure how many people attended the fair, but the weather was inviting and there was a steady crowd all day long, said Mary Ellen Ellwood, who serves as co-coordinator of the fair with Patrick Mulcahy. Vendors put the crowd estimate at ...
First and 10 with Tate's Patrick MulcahyPensacola News Journal • Wednesday 01 October 2014Meet Patrick Mulcahy — the University of West Florida student athletic trainer for Tate High School. You can find Mulcahy on the Aggies' sideline every Friday night during football season. He's prepared for the worst-case injury scenario, but he hopes ...
Energizer names execs to lead stand-alone businessesThe Business Journal • Friday 29 August 2014The following executives will lead the household products company: Patrick Mulcahy, chairman of the Energizer board of directors, will serve as chairman of the board. Alan Hoskins, president and chief executive officer of Energizer Household Products ...
Energizer preps for business splitSeeking Alpha • Friday 29 August 2014J. Patrick Mulcahy, currently Chairman of the Board of Directors at Energizer, will serve as the Executive Chairman of the Board of the Household Products entity. The full slate of officers for each business have also been determined.






Energizer Holdings Inc.: Energizer Announces Executive Leadership for Household Products and Personal Care BusinessesThe Wall Street Transcript • Thursday 28 August 2014As previously announced, J. Patrick Mulcahy, Chairman of the Energizer Board of Directors, is expected to serve as Executive Chairman of the Board of the Household Products company. Alan Hoskins, President and Chief Executive Officer of Energizer Household ...
New Hampshire Boys & Girls Soccer Preview CapsulesLowell Sun • Thursday 28 August 2014defense; Caroline Hoffer, fr., goalkeeper. Coach Patrick Mulcahy (3rd season): "We have a nice group of returning players, and we have a good chemistry. We'll see how it all shakes out. We should hopefully be pretty strong on the attack."
District 97 rocks in BerwynOakPark.com • Wednesday 09 July 2014The influence was so strong apparently that when he and fellow Oak Parkers Rob Clearfield (keyboard) and Patrick Mulcahy (bass) formed their progressive rock band in 2006, they chose the name District 97. In 2008, they added guitarist Jim Tashjian and ...
Radically Queer Islam: An Interview with the Cast of Coming Out MuslimThe Huffington Post • Wednesday 02 July 2014We had submissions from queer Muslims in various parts of the world, a beautiful series of photographs of queer Muslims done by the lovely Patrick Mulcahy. (he continues to shoot portraits of queer Muslims). More people came than we expected and the whole ...
Energizer Bunny Will March To Its Own BeatMediaPost • Thursday 01 May 2014David Hatfield, currently president and CEO of Energizer Personal Care, will be CEO. J. Patrick Mulcahy, currently chairman of the board, will be executive chairman of standalone Household Products. Alan Hoskins, currently president and CEO of Energizer ...
Energizer to split into 2 companies to hone focusDaytona Beach News-Journal • Wednesday 30 April 2014Current Energizer Chairman J. Patrick Mulcahy would be chairman of the stand-alone household products company and that unit’s current chief, Alan Hoskins, would be CEO. Citigroup analyst Wendy Nicholson said the split likely surprised most investors ...
Energizer Splitting Into Two Publicly Traded Companies, Stock Bolts HigherForbes • Wednesday 30 April 2014Meanwhile, Energizer chairman J. Patrick Mulcahy will serve as executive chairman of the stand-alone household products company, while Alan Hoskins, existing president and CEO of Energizer Household Products, is expected to serve as the CEO of the separate ...
Energizer Holdings (ENR) Plans Split into Two, Publicly-Traded CompaniesStreetInsider • Wednesday 30 April 2014Energizer Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: ENR) announced that its Board of Directors has authorized management to pursue a plan to separate the Company's Household Products and Personal Care divisions into two independent, publicly traded companies. The separation ...
Patricia Barber brings artistry to dark-textured Contempo programChicago Classical Review • Sunday 27 April 2014But for Saturday’s set, in addition to the usual jazz forces of double bass (Patrick Mulcahy) and drums (Art Hoenig), she added the sound of Gilad Hekselman’s powerful yet mellow guitar. An introspective, even dark, mood permeated every piece however.
Allah Makes Muslims, Allah Makes Queers: A Interview with Terna Tilley-Gyado of Coming Out MuslimPatheos • Tuesday 08 April 2014We had submissions from queer Muslims in various parts of the world, a beautiful series of photographs of queer Muslims done by the lovely Patrick Mulcahy (he continues ... As I say in the show, “Allah makes Muslims, Allah makes queers.
Laurie Rhoads and Patrick MulcahyDaily Item • Thursday 27 March 2014HERSHEY — Laurie Rhoads and Patrick Mulcahy, together with their families, announce their engagement and upcoming marriage. The two met through mutual friends in March 2011 at the Frozen Dead Guy Days festival in Nederland, Colo., and got engaged in ...
Baker Place Elementary Second Nine Weeks Honor RollNews Times Augusta • Wednesday 29 January 2014Patrick Mulcahy, Alexandria Newton, Megan Nichols, Carmen Nodorft, Meghan Olivier, Austin Pagerly, Jayden Parker, Toby Pittman, Logan Plueger, Blake Prosnak, Kendall Quarles, Brady Riggenbach, Isaiah Rose, Ayden Rudder, Kayla Rutledge, Elijah Vazquez and A ...
James Johnson gets Energized with board seatChain Store Age • Tuesday 05 November 2013"We are pleased to welcome a director with Jim Johnson's background to the Energizer board," said J. Patrick Mulcahy, chairman of the board of directors of Energizer. "His insights from years as a senior leader in the manufacturing and finance industries ...
EUGENE FRANCIS McSHANECleveland Plain Dealer • Sunday 20 October 2013McSHANE EUGENE FRANCIS McSHANE, 67 passed away Thursday ... Miller, Brigid Willis, Sean Mulcahy, Maureen Earl, Patrick Mulcahy, Andrew Biernot, Sheila Lape, Hugh G. Breen, Thomas Breen, Christopher McShane, and Scott McShane. Friends may call at GATTOZZI ...
FAA recognizes Thomas Patrick Mulcahyaviation-business-gazette.com • Wednesday 18 September 2013The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) is recognizing Thomas Patrick Mulcahy with inclusion in the prestigious FAA Airmen Certification Database. The database, which appears on the agency's website at *URL_MASKED* names Mulcahy and other certified ...
Buckwild cast member arrested for DUI, other chargeswvalways.com • Tuesday 06 August 2013Buckwild cast member, Joseph "Joey" Patrick Mulcahy, was arrested in Kanawha County Tuesday evening and charged with driving under the influence, reckless driving, and failure to report an accident, according to court documents. It happened Tuesday evening.
The Chicago Low Down  Interview with Bassist Patrick Mulcahy by Tim Seisserbassmusicianmagazine.com • Wednesday 01 May 2013For this month’s installment of The Chicago Low Down, we visit with bassist Patrick Mulcahy. Originally hailing from Melbourne, Australia, Patrick Mulcahy has been professionally based in Chicago for 10 years. During this time he has had the opportunity ...
Checking in with Patricia BarberChicago Magazine • Monday 11 February 2013I have no other job than this. It is hard to describe in words how I have developed, but easy to hear. Patricia Barber returns to the Green Mill on Monday, February 11 (Patrick Mulcahy subs in on bass, 4802 N. Broadway. $7. greenmilljazz.com.
A bare-bones BardPhiladelphia Daily News • Thursday 26 July 2012"It takes guts to do this," and fear "is the only appropriate emotional response," says a wryly smiling Patrick Mulcahy, producing artistic director of the festival, which made a first foray into the process last season with Two Noble Kinsmen. That play ...
District 97: Former American Idol Finalist Gets Her Prog-Rock On in The Actual Color  Song PremiereNoisecreep • Thursday 28 June 2012Formed in 2006, District 97 — drummer Jonathan Schang, keyboardist Rob Clearfield, bassist Patrick Mulcahy and guitarist Sam Krahn (replaced in 2008 by current guitarist Jim Tashjian) — dealt out instrumental jams before bringing in Hunt to the fold.






Ralcorp board approves Post cereals spin-offFood Navigator • Wednesday 18 January 2012Stiritz will become chairman of Post Holdings’ board of directors following the transaction, while J. Patrick Mulcahy is due to assume the position of chairman of the board for Ralcorp Holdings. Ralcorp bought the Post cereals business from Kraft Foods ...
Ralcorp Outlines Post Cereals SpinoffDeal Book • Tuesday 17 January 2012Mr. Stiritz will become chairman of Post after the transaction, while J. Patrick Mulcahy, the current vice chairman of Ralcorp, will become chairman of Ralcorp. The spinoff caps a brief merger that never quite took off. In 2007, the company purchased the ...
Ralcorp Announces Boards of Directors for Ralcorp Holdings, Inc. and Post Holdings, Inc.prnewswire.com • Friday 13 January 2012The following are brief biographies of those individuals who will serve on the Board of Directors of Ralcorp Holdings, Inc.: J. Patrick Mulcahy is currently Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ralcorp Holdings, Inc. He has served as Chairman of the ...
Bucking the trend: franchises going strong in tough timesSydney Morning Herald • Tuesday 08 November 2011Shingle Inn’s entry costs are approximately $380,000 - $400,000. Shingle Inn’s franchise development manager, Patrick Mulcahy, says he’s very happy with the response in Victoria. “We’ve only just begun seeking enquiry from potential franchisees ...
Poor Judgment by Ralcorps Board24/7 Wall ST • Tuesday 27 September 2011Stiritz, who chairs Ralcorp’s board, and J. Patrick Mulcahy, Energizer’s current chairman? It has been 17 and 11 years, respectively, since the food and battery companies were sent packing from the Ralston Purina (NYSE: RAL) family. Since when does ...
Shakespeares Two Noble Kinsmen a pleasant surprise to find  and watchWashington Post • Friday 19 August 2011The festival’s director, Patrick Mulcahy, chose a cast of mostly young actors and sent them a trimmed script to learn beforehand. Rehearsal was limited to 4 1 / 2 days — without a director, a set or designated costumes. Mulcahy left them mostly alone.
'My Fair Lady' a Notre Dame audience choiceAllentown Morning Call • Wednesday 20 July 2011"My Fair Lady" is a Lerner and Lowe musical based upon George Bernard ... costume designer or set designer. Patrick Mulcahy, producing artistic director, decided to try this experiment when he realized that because of the scheduling of "Hamlet" and ...
Ralcorp Holdings to split into two companiesDrug Store News • Friday 15 July 2011Upon completion of the separation, Stiritz will serve as chairman of Post Foods and Patrick Mulcahy, who has been appointed vice chairman of Ralcorp, will serve as chairman of Ralcorp. The company also announced the following management roles: Dave Skarie ...
Ralcorp board agrees to spin-off Post FoodsSt. Louis Post-Dispatch • Thursday 14 July 2011Bill Stiritz, the current chairman of Ralcorp, will be named chairman of Post Foods, and Ralcorp board member J. Patrick Mulcahy will be the new chairman of Ralcorp. Terms of the tax-free spinoff deal include the issuance of between $1.1 billion to $1.2 ...
Gay Beaverton, OR Student Teacher Seth Stambaugh Gets His Job Back After Being Fired For Being Gayback2stonewall.com • Friday 22 October 2010The play is about the 1998 murder of gay college student Matthew Shepard . Beaverton, Oregon is also the home of one of “Recall Sam Adams” extreme anti-gay nutcases Patrick Mulcahy. Congratulations Seth on your reinstatement.
Boys Tennis CapsulesHartford Courant • Friday 02 April 2010Top players: Sam Julien, so.; Alex Levine, sr.; Vinny Laudone, so.; Patrick Mulcahy, sr. Of note: Lost top three singles players, but strong underclassmen will help Tomahawks remain a threat in conference.
Man files second complaint against AdamsOregonLive • Thursday 05 March 2009The complaint was Patrick Mulcahy's second filing with the Oregon Elections Division, a spokeswoman for the office said. That first complaint, filed Feb. 19, alleged that Adams made a false statement in a signed election document. The Elections Division ...
Hanesbrands Inc.The Wall Street Journal Blogs • Wednesday 01 October 2008Mr. Noll will succeed Lee Chaden, 66, who will retire but remain a director. Mr. Noll, 51, is chief executive and a director. J. Patrick Mulcahy, was named to the new position of lead director, effective Jan. 1. Mr. Mulcahy, 64, has
Solutia Poised to Emerge From Bankruptcy After Reaching Settlement With All Major Constituents in Chapter 11 CaseGlobeNewswire • Wednesday 26 September 2007Quinn, Solutia's chairman, president and chief executive officer; J. Patrick Mulcahy, a current director of Solutia; one director designated by each of Monsanto, the general unsecured creditors and the noteholders; and four directors designated by a five ...
L'Anse Creuse student dies from injuries sustained in accidentMacomb Daily • Saturday 02 December 2006"They realize they're not invincible." Patrick Mulcahy, principal of L'Anse Creuse High School, said the death of a student "is devastating to our close-knit community of learners." "While we feel the loss of this very talented young lady keenly ...
Time Warner Telecom and Overture Networks Provide Ethernet AnywhereThomasnet News • Tuesday 06 June 2006The company's ISG products are converged packet access platforms that can run multiple managed services over any network infrastructure to any customer location at the customer edge. Source: Time Warner Telecom Inc. CONTACT: Patrick Mulcahy of Time Warner ...
COMPANY NEWS; RALSTON PURINA TO SPIN OFF BATTERY SUBSIDIARYNew York Times • Friday 11 June 1999Separately, Ralston said J. Patrick Mulcahy, its co-chief executive, had resigned and would focus more on the battery company, where he will be chairman and chief executive. W. Patrick McGinnis, the other co-chief executive, has been named chief executive.
Ralston Purina Ceo To Step DownChicago Tribune • Saturday 24 May 1997The company said that it will split the CEO job between two longtime Ralston executives--W. Patrick McGinnis, 49, and J. Patrick Mulcahy, 53. Stiritz, 62, has been CEO of the St. Louis company since 1981.
Ryan Patrick Mulcahymugshots.com • Friday 26 December 1986All are presumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of law. Published mugshots and/or arrest records are previously published public records of: an arrest, an indictment, a registration, the deprivation of liberty or a detention. The mugshots and/or ...










Site2Corp - United Kingdom (UK)
Company Search
Director Search
Company By Zip Code
Insights
Company Statistics

Help
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy

Looking for Companies In ?


India (IN)
United Kingdom (UK)




Copyright © 2016 Site2Corp









Energizer - Wikipedia






















 






Energizer

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Energizer Holdings, Inc.





Energizer headquarters




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: ENR
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Consumer Products


Founded
1896; 121 years ago (1896) (as the American Electrical Novelty & Manufacturing Company, spun off from Ralston Purina Company in 2000)


Headquarters
Town and Country, Missouri, United States



Key people

Alan Hoskins, CEO


Products
Batteries


Revenue
$3.4 billion (2007)[1]



Operating income

$434 million (2007)[1]



Net income

$321 million (2007)[1]


Total assets
$3.5 billion (2007)[1]


Total equity
$654 million (2007)[1]



Number of employees

5,500 (2015)[2]


Website
www.energizer.com


Energizer Holdings is an American manufacturer of batteries, headquartered in Town and Country, Missouri.[3][4][5][6] It produces batteries under the Energizer and Eveready brand names, and formerly owned a number of personal care businesses until it separated that side of the business into a new company called Edgewell Personal Care in 2015.




Energizer battery





Contents


1 History
2 See also
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
The company has its foundation in the Eveready Battery Company, which in 1980 changed the name of its Eveready Alkaline Power Cell to Energizer. In 1986, Eveready Battery Company was sold to animal and human food manufacturer Ralston Purina. In 2000, Ralston spun off Eveready, and it was listed on the New York Stock Exchange as Energizer Holdings, Inc..
In 2003 under the leadership of then Chief Executive Officer J. Patrick Mulcahy, Energizer Holdings started expanding into the personal care product sector by buying personal care and razor brand Schick and gardening tools and razor brand Wilkinson Sword from Pfizer.
In 2005, after Hurricane Katrina, Energizer worked with the Red Cross to donate flashlights, batteries, razors and funds to help Hurricane Katrina relief workers and victims.[7] On November 3, 2005, Energizer Holdings Inc.said that higher sales of its Schick razors and blades partially offset lower sales of its batteries in North America. On a constant-currency basis, sales at Energizer rose 4 percent in its fourth quarter.[8]
In October 2007, the company acquired Playtex Products, Inc. for $1.9 billion. The purchase included sunscreen brand Hawaiian Tropic, which Playtex had bought a few months earlier, and Sun Pharmaceuticals Corp., which manufactures the Banana Boat sunscreen products.[9]
In 2009, Energizer acquired Edge and Skintimate shaving gels from S.C. Johnson & Son.[10][11]
In October 2010, Energizer announced it was the winning bidder for privately held American Safety Razor in a bankruptcy court auction.[12]
The maker of Banana Boat sunscreen recalled a half-million bottles of spray-on lotion after reports that a handful of people have caught on fire after applying the product and coming in contact with an open flame.
On October 19, 2012 Energizer Holdings said it was withdrawing 23 varieties of its Banana Boat brand of UltraMist spray-on sunscreen lotion from stores due to the risk of it igniting when exposed to fire.[13]
On July 31, 2013, Energizer bought the Stayfree, Carefree and o.b. brands from Johnson & Johnson for $185 million. The purchase was only for the brands in North America - Johnson & Johnson continues to own the brands in all other regions of the world.[14]
On April 30, 2014, Energizer announced that by September 2015 it would separate its two lines of business into two publicly traded companies. The household business, with revenue of $1.9 billion in the latest fiscal year, would have Energizer chairman J. Patrick Mulcahy as its chairman and unit chief Alan Hoskins as CEO, and would sell batteries, flashlights and lamps. The personal care company, whose revenue was $2.6 billion, would have Energizer CEO Ward Klein serving as chairman and current unit head David Hatfield as CEO, and would sell feminine products from Playtex, Carefree, o.b. and Stayfree; shaving products from Schick, Edge, Skintimate and Wilkinson Sword; and suntan products from Hawaiian Tropic and Banana Boat.[15][16]
See also[edit]

Energizer Bunny



Missouri portal
Companies portal


References[edit]


^ a b c d e "Google Finance". Finance.google.com. 2013-07-31. Retrieved 2013-09-30. 
^ Energizer Holdings
^ "Contact Energizer." Energizer Holdings. Retrieved on August 18, 2009.
^ "Zoning Map." City of Town and Country. Retrieved on August 18, 2009.
^ "Town and Country city." U.S. Census Bureau. Retrieved on August 18, 2009.
^ Volkmann, Kelsey. "Energizer to cut jobs as sales slump." St. Louis Business Journal. Tuesday July 28, 2009. Retrieved on August 18, 2009.
^ "energizer help hurricane katrina victims". 
^ "Schick sales buoy Energizer Holdings". 
^ Energizer Annual Report 2007, retrieved 2010-10-30
^ "UPDATE 3-Energizer to buy SC Johnson shaving cream business". Reuters. May 11, 2009. Retrieved January 25, 2016. 
^ "Energizer to buy shaving cream line". The Boston Globe. May 12, 2009. Retrieved January 25, 2016. 
^ Reuters, retrieved 2011-06-18
^ "Banana Boat sunscreen maker recalls 500,000 bottles of spray-on lotion because of fire risk". Daily News (New York). 19 October 2012. Retrieved 2 September 2013. 
^ "Energizer Adds to Its Feminine Side". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Energizer to split into 2 companies to hone focus". Winston-Salem Journal. 30 April 2014. Archived from the original on 2 May 2014. Retrieved 30 April 2014. 
^ "Energizer Announces Intent To Separate Into Two Publicly Traded Companies". Energizer Holdings, Inc. 30 April 2014. Archived from the original on 30 April 2014. Retrieved 30 April 2014. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Energizer Holdings.



Energizer Holdings







v
t
e


Energizer



Products



Energizer Batteries
Eveready Batteries








Subsidiaries



Eveready Battery Company





Affiliates



Eveready East Africa
Eveready Industries India





Other



Energizer Bunny










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Energizer&oldid=789367455"					
Categories: Consumer battery manufacturersManufacturing companies based in MissouriCompanies based in St. Louis County, MissouriAmerican companies established in 1896Energy companies established in 1896Manufacturing companies established in 1896Ralston PurinaCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItaliano日本語PolskiPortuguêsРусскийTürkçeУкраїнська粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 6 July 2017, at 23:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Insider Trading - Mulcahy J Patrick - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Mulcahy J Patrick





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2017-01-03Option Award
2017-01-054:26 pm
N/AN/A
Energizer Holdings Inc
ENR
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
2,391
$0
2,391(Direct)
View


2016-12-30Option Award
2017-01-044:16 pm
N/AN/A
Energizer Holdings Inc
ENR
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
1,121
$44.61
96,879(Direct)
View


2016-12-15Option Award
2016-12-194:19 pm
N/AN/A
Energizer Holdings Inc
ENR
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
604
$43.32
95,758(Direct)
View


2016-09-30Option Award
2016-10-044:14 pm
N/AN/A
Energizer Holdings Inc
ENR
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
1,030
$49.96
95,154(Direct)
View


2016-09-09Option Award
2016-09-134:21 pm
N/AN/A
Energizer Holdings Inc
ENR
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
512
$45.78
94,124(Direct)
View


2016-06-30Option Award
2016-07-054:50 pm
N/AN/A
Energizer Holdings Inc
ENR
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
971
$51.49
93,612(Direct)
View


2016-06-20Option Award
2016-06-224:57 pm
N/AN/A
Energizer Holdings Inc
ENR
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
451
$51.06
92,641(Direct)
View


2016-03-31Option Award
2016-04-044:09 pm
N/AN/A
Hanesbrands Inc.
HBI
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
838
$28.34
194,664(Direct)
View


2016-03-31Option Award
2016-04-0411:31 am
N/AN/A
Energizer Holdings Inc
ENR
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
1,234
$40.51
92,190(Direct)
View


2016-03-16Option Award
2016-03-1810:19 am
N/AN/A
Energizer Holdings Inc
ENR
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
556
$40.68
90,956(Direct)
View


2015-12-31Option Award
2016-01-054:12 pm
N/AN/A
Hanesbrands Inc.
HBI
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
764
$29.43
193,084(Direct)
View


2015-12-31Option Award
2016-01-0511:26 am
N/AN/A
Energizer Holdings Inc
ENR
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
1,468
$34.06
90,400(Direct)
View


2015-12-31Option Award
2016-01-0511:26 am
N/AN/A
Energizer Holdings Inc
ENR
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
3,171
$34.7
90,400(Direct)
View


2015-12-16Option Award
2015-12-172:01 pm
N/AN/A
Energizer Holdings Inc
ENR
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
628
$35.14
88,932(Direct)
View


2015-12-16Gift
2015-12-164:52 pm
N/AN/A
Hanesbrands Inc.
HBI
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
33,265
$0
44,200(Direct)
View


2015-12-15Exercise
2015-12-154:39 pm
N/AN/A
Hanesbrands Inc.
HBI
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
33,265
$0
192,319(Direct)
View


2015-12-15Exercise
2015-12-154:39 pm
N/AN/A
Hanesbrands Inc.
HBI
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
33,265
$0
192,319(Direct)
View


2015-12-09Disposition
2015-12-114:02 pm
N/AN/A
Hanesbrands Inc.
HBI
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
4,564
$0
225,585(Direct)
View


2015-12-09Option Award
2015-12-114:02 pm
N/AN/A
Hanesbrands Inc.
HBI
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
4,564
$0
225,585(Direct)
View


2015-12-08Option Award
2015-12-095:21 pm
N/AN/A
Hanesbrands Inc.
HBI
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
4,200
$0
48,764(Direct)
View


2015-09-30Option Award
2015-10-024:37 pm
N/AN/A
Hanesbrands Inc.
HBI
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
777
$28.94
220,309(Direct)
View


2015-09-30Option Award
2015-10-0211:45 am
N/AN/A
Energizer Holdings Inc
ENR
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
1,292
$38.71
88,304(Direct)
View


2015-09-09Option Award
2015-09-111:36 pm
N/AN/A
Energizer Holdings Inc
ENR
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
517
$41.8
87,012(Direct)
View


2015-07-08Option Award
2015-07-104:28 pm
N/AN/A
Energizer Holdings Inc
ENR
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
3,209
$0
504,755(Direct)
View


2015-07-08Option Award
2015-07-104:28 pm
N/AN/A
Energizer Holdings Inc
ENR
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
3,850
$0
504,755(Direct)
View


2015-07-08Option Award
2015-07-104:28 pm
N/AN/A
Energizer Holdings Inc
ENR
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
86,495
$0
504,755(Direct)
View


2015-07-08Option Award
2015-07-104:28 pm
N/AN/A
Energizer Holdings Inc
ENR
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
5,589
$0
504,755(Direct)
View


2015-06-30Option Award
2015-07-029:20 pm
N/AN/A
Hanesbrands Inc.
HBI
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
675
$33.32
218,797(Direct)
View


2015-06-30Option Award
2015-07-017:03 pm
N/AN/A
Edgewell Personal Care Co
EPC
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
285
$131.6
23,071(Direct)
View


2015-06-10Option Award
2015-06-1212:03 pm
N/AN/A
Energizer Holdings Inc
ENR
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
84
$135.1
22,786(Direct)
View


2015-03-31Option Award
2015-04-026:18 pm
N/AN/A
Hanesbrands Inc.
HBI
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
671
$33.51
217,452(Direct)
View


2015-03-31Option Award
2015-04-0210:18 am
N/AN/A
Energizer Holdings Inc
ENR
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
272
$138.1
22,702(Direct)
View


2015-03-18Option Award
2015-03-2011:31 am
N/AN/A
Energizer Holdings Inc
ENR
Mulcahy J PatrickDirector
81
$137.3
22,430(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sun, 23 Jul 2017 15:42:24 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  








