











Multi-Sector Income Fund | Janus Henderson Investors

























































Skip to content


















 




Products
Insights

Personal Finance
Global Perspectives
Equity
Fixed Income
Multi-Asset & Alternatives
Market Events
Future Trends
Blog


Planning

Life Changing Events
Retirement Planning
College Saving
Tax & Estate
Investing Basics
Tools & Calculators


My Account

Log In

Account Profile
Portfolio Summary
Buy
Sell
Exchange
Transaction History
Cost Basis
Statements & Tax Forms


Forms & Applications
Open New Account
Moving Assets to Janus Henderson
All Account Types


About


United States
Finland
Norway
United Kingdom
Deutschland
Singapore
Australia
Hong Kong
España
Österreich
India
Ireland
Italia
Japan
Schweiz
Belgium
China
Denmark
France
Sweden
Chile
Luxembourg
Nederland
Taiwan
US Offshore
Rest of the world
 




HomeProductsMulti-Sector Income Fund        









(JMUDX)

Multi-Sector Income Fund
Seeking High and Consistent Income



NAV
As of 07/25/17
$9.87





Buy/Trade
Fact Sheet






Jump to a section






		Fund Facts	




02/28/14
Inception Date


Yields


Morningstar
(As of 06/30/17)







$121.05M
Total Net Assets
(As of 06/30/17)




GROSS
1.41%


NET
0.79%


Annual Expense Ratio
(As of fiscal year end 06/30/16)


Expense Estimator


IMPORTANT NOTICE

			You are now leaving Janus Henderson's website. The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) Fund Analyzer offers information and analysis on thousands of mutual funds, Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) and Exchange Traded Notes (ETNs). This tool estimates the value of the funds and impact of fees and expenses on your investment and also allows you the ability to look up applicable fees and available discounts for funds. Janus Henderson is not responsible for the content, accuracy or timeliness and does not make any warranties, express or implied, with regard to the information obtained from other websites. These links are provided for educational purposes only, and should not be construed as either a recommendation or offer to buy or sell any securities.		


CONTINUE






5.69%
Distribution Yield at NAV
(As of 06/30/17)




 30 Day SEC Yield
(As of 06/30/17)




With Waivers
3.61%


Without Waivers
3.47%




Monthly
Distribution Frequency


Performance
(As of 07/26/17)


0.15%
1 Day Return %


4.47%
YTD Return





Category

Multisector Bond





ic_star



ic_star



ic_star



ic_star



ic_star



233 Funds Rated

Overall Rating
(Based on risk-adjusted returns)


View all ratings *


LARGE VALUELARGE BLENDLARGE GROWTHMID VALUEMID BLENDMID GROWTHSMALL VALUESMALL BLENDSMALL GROWTH Equity Style Box *


HIGH LIMITEDHIGH MODERATEHIGH EXTENSIVEMEDIUM LIMITEDMEDIUM MODERATEMEDIUM EXTENSIVELOW LIMITEDLOW MODERATELOW EXTENSIVE Fixed Income Style Box *


Important Morningstar Information


		The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The Morningstar Rating does not include any adjustment for sales loads. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a fund is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. Ratings may vary by share class.	

		Ratings and/or rankings may be based, in part, on the performance of a predecessor fund or share class and are calculated by Morningstar using a methodology that differs from that used by Janus Henderson. Methodology differences may have a material effect on the return and therefore the rating/ranking.	

		When an expense waiver is in effect, it may have a material effect on the total return or yield, and therefore the ranking and/or rating for the period.	

		The Morningstar Equity Style Box™ reveals a fund's investment strategy. For equity funds the vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend or growth).	

		The Morningstar Fixed-Income Style Box™ reveals a fund's investment style as of the date noted. For fixed-income funds, the vertical axis shows the credit quality of the bonds owned and the horizontal axis shows interest rate sensitivity as measured by a bond's effective duration.	

		Morningstar seeks credit rating information from fund companies on a periodic basis (e.g., quarterly). In compiling credit rating information Morningstar accepts credit ratings reported by fund companies that have been issued by all Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations (NRSROs). For a list of all NRSROs, please visit https://www.sec.gov/ocr/ratingagency.html. Additionally, Morningstar accepts foreign credit ratings from widely recognized or registered rating agencies. If two rating organizations/agencies have rated a security, fund companies are to report the lower rating; if three or more organizations/agencies have rated a security, fund companies are to report the median rating, and in cases where there are more than two organization/agency ratings and a median rating does not exist, fund companies are to use the lower of the two middle ratings. PLEASE NOTE: Morningstar, Inc. is not itself a NRSRO nor does it issue a credit rating on the fund. A NRSRO or rating agency ratings can change from time-to-time.	

		For credit quality, Morningstar combines the credit rating information provided by the fund companies with an average default rate calculation to come up with a weighted-average credit quality. The weighted-average credit quality is currently a letter that roughly corresponds to the scale used by a leading NRSRO. Bond funds are assigned a style box placement of "low", "medium", or "high" based on their average credit quality. Funds with a low credit quality are those whose weighted-average credit quality is determined to be less than "BBB-"; medium are those less than "AA-", but greater or equal to "BBB-"; and high are those with a weighted-average credit quality of "AA-" or higher. When classifying a bond portfolio, Morningstar first maps the NRSRO credit ratings of the underlying holdings to their respective default rates (as determined by Morningstar's analysis of actual historical default rates). Morningstar then averages these default rates to determine the average default rate for the entire bond fund. Finally, Morningstar maps this average default rate to its corresponding credit rating along a convex curve.	

		For interest-rate sensitivity, Morningstar obtains from fund companies the average effective duration. Generally, Morningstar classifies a fixed-income fund's interest-rate sensitivity based on the effective duration of the Morningstar Core Bond Index (MCBI), which is currently three years. The classification of Limited will be assigned to those funds whose average effective duration is between 25% to 75% of MCBI's average effective duration; funds whose average effective duration is between 75% to 125% of the MCBI will be classified as Moderate; and those that are at 125% or greater of the average effective duration of the MCBI will be classified as Extensive.	

		The Morningstar Analyst Rating is not a credit or risk rating.  It is a subjective evaluation performed by the mutual fund analysts of Morningstar, Inc.  Morningstar evaluates funds based on five key unequally weighted pillars, which are process, performance, people, parent and price.  Morningstar’s analysts use this five pillar evaluation to identify funds they believe are more likely to outperform over the long term on a risk-adjusted basis.  Analysts consider quantitative and qualitative factors in their research, but the assessment of each pillar and how they are combined is driven by the analyst’s overall assessment and overseen by Morningstar’s Analyst Rating Committee.  The approach serves not as a formula but as a framework to ensure consistency across Morningstar’s global coverage universe.	

		The Analyst Rating scale ranges from Gold to Negative, with Gold being the highest rating and Negative being the lowest rating.  A fund with a “Gold” rating distinguishes itself across the five pillars and has garnered the analysts’ highest level of conviction.  A fund with a ‘Silver’ rating has notable advantages across several, but perhaps not all, of the five pillars-strengths that give the analysts a high level of conviction.  A “Bronze” rated fund has advantages that outweigh the disadvantages across the five pillars, with sufficient level of analyst conviction to warrant a positive rating.  A fund with a “Neutral” rating isn't seriously flawed across the five pillars, nor does it distinguish itself very positively.  A “Negative” rated fund is flawed in at least one, if not more pillars and is considered an inferior offering to its peers.  Analyst Ratings are reevaluated every 14 months. For more detailed information about Morningstar’s Analyst Rating, including its methodology, please go to http://corporate.morningstar.com/us/documents/MethodologyDocuments/AnalystRatingforFundsMethodology.pdf.	

		The Morningstar Analyst Rating should not be used as the sole basis in evaluating a mutual fund.  Morningstar Analyst Ratings are based on Morningstar’s current expectations about future events; therefore, in no way does Morningstar represent ratings as a guarantee nor should they be viewed by an investor as such.  Morningstar Analyst Ratings involve unknown risks and uncertainties which may cause Morningstar’s expectations not to occur or to differ significantly from what we expected.	

		© 2017 Morningstar, Inc.  All Rights Reserved.  The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.	








Who Should Consider this Fund?
Investors looking for a bond fund that is focused on high current income and capital appreciation.											
Risk Tolerance Spectrum


conservative
Janus Henderson funds are classified as conservative if their share prices are expected to have some moderate fluctuation over time. This can include funds that have a partial allocation to stocks. May be appropriate for a low to moderate risk portion of a portfolio with a focus on capital preservation but may allow for potential capital appreciation over the long-term.



Funds are placed on the risk tolerance spectrum to demonstrate the wide spectrum of risk levels among asset classes in which they are expected to typically invest. The spectrum is for informational purposes only, is not intended to be forward looking and is subject to change.






							Overview						


Client Commitment
This dynamic, multi-sector income fund seeks high, consistent income with lower volatility than a dedicated high yield strategy. Our approach leverages a bottom-up, fundamentally driven process that focuses on identifying the best risk-adjusted opportunities across fixed income sectors.
Why Invest in the Fund

Seeks High, Consistent Income
Dynamic portfolio that seeks to capture attractive yield opportunities on a risk-adjusted basis across the fixed income sectors, while typically holding 35% to 65% in below investment grade bonds. The strategy uses a bottom-up, fundamentally driven process.
Integrated Research
Partnership and fluid communication between fixed income and equity analysts promotes idea generation. Credit research emphasizes free cash flow generation, quality of management and security valuation.
Sophisticated Risk Management
Our proprietary fixed income portfolio and risk-management system, Quantum Global, is integrated into the investment process at each step. We identify and measure sources of risk in the portfolio at multiple levels to confirm that the portfolio is positioned as intended.





Portfolio Management








Seth Meyer, CFA
Portfolio Manager









John Lloyd
Co-Head of Credit Research | Portfolio Manager











John Kerschner, CFA
Head of U.S. Securitized Products | Portfolio Manager










						Performance					


RETURNS

						(As of 06/30/2017)					

						(As of 06/30/2017)					





QUARTER END
MONTH END





Inception: Feb 28, 2014
3M
YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
Since Inception





													Multi-Sector Income Fund – D Shares												

													1.80%												

													3.70%												

													7.06%												

													4.19%												

													-												

													-												

													4.63%												



													Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index												

													1.45%												

													2.27%												

													-0.31%												

													2.48%												

													2.21%												

													4.48%												

													2.80%												








Inception: Feb 28, 2014
3M
YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
Since Inception





													Multi-Sector Income Fund – D Shares												

													1.80%												

													3.70%												

													7.06%												

													4.19%												

													-												

													-												

													4.63%												



													Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index												

													1.45%												

													2.27%												

													-0.31%												

													2.48%												

													2.21%												

													4.48%												

													2.80%												









									Returns quoted are past performance and do not guarantee future results; current performance may be lower or higher. Investment returns and principal value will vary; there may be a gain or loss when shares are sold.
View Fees and Expenses
									Returns include reinvestment of dividends and capital gains. Returns greater than one year are annualized.






Calendar Year Performance






GROWTH OF A $10,000 HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT






															Source: Morningstar, Inc.




RETURNS-BASED STATISTICS
(As of 06/30/17 CLASS I SHARES)









												RISK / REWARD 
 VS. BLOOMBERG BARCLAYS U.S. AGGREGATE BOND INDEX											



													3 YEAR												



													5 YEAR												





Information Ratio
0.65
-


Alpha
3.17
-


Tracking Error
2.77
-


Beta
0.44
-


R-Squared (%)
24.49
-












												UP AND DOWN MARKET CAPTURE (%) 
 VS. BLOOMBERG BARCLAYS U.S. AGGREGATE BOND INDEX											



													3 YEAR												



													5 YEAR												





Up Capture Ratio
89.96
-


Down Capture Ratio
14.26
-












												STANDARD DEVIATION											



													3 YEAR												



													5 YEAR												





Multi-Sector Income Fund
2.58
-


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index
2.90
2.86












												SHARPE RATIO											



													3 YEAR												



													5 YEAR												





Multi-Sector Income Fund
1.58
-


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index
0.78
0.72
















ANNUAL FEES & EXPENSES
(As of Fiscal Year End, 06/30/16)


CLASS D SHARES






																							Management Fees																					

																							0.60%																					



																							12b-1 Fees																					

																							-																					



																							Other Expenses																					

																							0.81%																					



																							Total Gross Expenses																					

																							1.41%																					



																							Waivers																					

																							-0.62%																					



																							Total Net Expenses																					

																							0.79%																					






									Net expense ratios reflect the expense waiver, if any, contractually agreed to through 11/1/17.










							Characteristics						








TOP HOLDINGS
(As of 06/30/2017)


% of Fund






																							Icon Brand Holdings LLC, 4.23%, 01/25/43																					

																							1.16																					



																							Wachovia Bank Commercial Mortgage Trust Series 2007-C30, 5.51%, 12/15/43																					

																							1.12																					



																							Charter Communications Operating LLC, 3.54%, 01/15/24																					

																							1.10																					



																							Hunt Cos Inc, 9.62%, 03/01/21																					

																							0.99																					



																							Kinross Gold Corp, 4.50%, 07/15/27																					

																							0.98																					



																							Fannie Mae Pool, 4.50%, 04/01/47																					

																							0.98																					



																							General Electric Co, 6.38%, 11/15/67																					

																							0.95																					



																							JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2015-SGP, 5.66%, 07/15/36																					

																							0.93																					



																							Provincia de Cordoba, 7.12%, 08/01/27																					

																							0.93																					



																							Reynolds Group Holdings Inc, 4.18%, 02/05/23																					

																							0.92																					



																							TOTAL																					

																							10.06																					







								View Full Holdings							










PORTFOLIO CHARACTERISTICS
(As of 06/30/17)










Number of Holdings
Debt Issues





262






Portfolio Turnover Rate
(1-year trailing)





101.74%






Weighted Average Maturity
(years)





7.36






Effective Duration
(years)





3.47














DEVELOPED VS. EMERGING MARKET
(As of 06/30/17)


% OF FUND






																							U.S.																					

																							84.17																					



																							Non-U.S. Developed																					

																							8.36																					



																							Non-U.S. Emerging																					

																							2.19																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							5.28																					











REGIONAL ALLOCATION
(As of 06/30/17)


% OF FUND






																							North America																					

																							87.08																					



																							Europe																					

																							5.14																					



																							Latin America																					

																							2.19																					



																							Asia/Pacific Ex Japan																					

																							0.31																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							5.28																					











CREDIT QUALITY OF FIXED INCOME HOLDINGS
(As of 06/30/17)


% OF FUND






																							Aaa																					

																							7.16																					



																							Aa																					

																							0.18																					



																							A																					

																							2.33																					



																							Baa																					

																							16.04																					



																							Ba																					

																							22.02																					



																							B																					

																							21.21																					



																							Caa																					

																							14.26																					



																							Ca																					

																							1.12																					



																							D																					

																							0.40																					



																							NOT RATED																					

																							9.64																					






									Bond credit quality ratings provided by Barclays and reflect the middle rating received from Moody's, Standard & Poor's and Fitch, where all three agencies have provided a rating. If only two agencies rate a security, the lowest rating is used. If only one agency rates a security, that rating is used. Ratings are measured on a scale that ranges from Aaa (highest) to D (lowest).











SECTOR ALLOCATION
(As of 06/30/17)


% OF FUND






																							US Common Stock																					

																							0.36																					



																							Credit-High Yield																					

																							36.50																					



																							CMBS																					

																							15.56																					



																							Bank Loans																					

																							15.12																					



																							ABS																					

																							9.05																					



																							Credit-Investment Grade																					

																							9.05																					



																							MBS																					

																							6.45																					



																							Futures																					

																							4.28																					



																							Government Related																					

																							1.64																					



																							CMO																					

																							0.39																					



																							Convertibles																					

																							0.06																					



																							Short Futures																					

																							-3.74																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							5.28																					











MATURITY BREAKDOWN OF FIXED INCOME HOLDINGS
(As of 06/30/17)


% OF FUND






																							< 1 yr																					

																							5.48																					



																							1 - 3 yrs																					

																							13.91																					



																							3 - 5 yrs																					

																							23.37																					



																							5 - 7 yrs																					

																							21.45																					



																							7 - 10 yrs																					

																							18.16																					



																							10 - 20 yrs																					

																							4.38																					



																							> 20 yrs																					

																							7.55																					



																							N/A																					

																							0.06																					










						Commentary & Literature					






Literature

Full Holdings
Distributions & Tax Information
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Semi-annual Report
Sai
Prospectus
Annual Report





























 





	Multi-Sector Income, 36









































 Home 
                             Logon 
                             Mobile Site 
                             Research and Commentary 
                             About Us  
                            Call 1.800.621.1675 or 
                            Email Us                                              
                             Follow Us: 


















Search by Ticker, Keyword or CUSIP       









  
            




 












Unit TrustsSearch Available PortfoliosAll Available PortfoliosUpcoming DepositsRecent DepositsAll Equity PortfoliosAsset Allocation PortfoliosSector PortfoliosTarget Strategy PortfoliosTheme PortfoliosAll Global/International PortfoliosAll Hybrid PortfoliosAll Income PortfoliosEquity Income PortfoliosTaxable Fixed Income PortfoliosTaxfree Fixed Income PortfoliosAdvanced Portfolio SearchesPrimary Trust ListingTrust Listing by MaturitySearch by Style or SectorSearch by StockUIT ToolProduct WatchOther Unit Trust InformationGuide to Unit Investment Trusts (PDF)CUSIP Information (PDF)UIT Tax CenterETFsAvailable Exchange-Traded FundsAll Exchange-Traded Funds--Actively Managed FundsEquityCompass Risk Manager ETF (ERM)EquityCompass Tactical Risk Manager ETF (TERM)First Trust Alternative Absolute Return Strategy ETF (FAAR)First Trust California Municipal High Income ETF (FCAL)First Trust CEF Income Opportunity ETF (FCEF)First Trust Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond ETF (FEMB)First Trust Enhanced Short Maturity ETF (FTSM)First Trust Global Tactical Commodity Strategy Fund (FTGC)First Trust Heitman Global Prime Real Estate ETF (PRME)First Trust High Income ETF (FTHI)First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Developed International ETF (HDMV)First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Domestic ETF (HUSV)First Trust Long/Short Equity ETF (FTLS)First Trust Low Beta Income ETF (FTLB)First Trust Low Duration Opportunities ETF (LMBS)First Trust Managed Municipal ETF (FMB)First Trust Morningstar Managed Futures Strategy Fund (FMF)First Trust Municipal CEF Income Opportunity ETF (MCEF)First Trust North American Energy Infrastructure Fund (EMLP)First Trust Preferred Securities and Income ETF (FPE)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Asia Pacific ETF (RFAP)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Developed International ETF (RFDI)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Emerging Markets ETF (RFEM)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Europe ETF (RFEU)First Trust Senior Loan Fund (FTSL)First Trust SSI Strategic Convertible Securities ETF (FCVT)First Trust Strategic Income ETF (FDIV)First Trust Tactical High Yield ETF (HYLS)First Trust TCW Opportunistic Fixed Income ETF (FIXD)--Alternative FundsFirst Trust Alternative Absolute Return Strategy ETF (FAAR)First Trust CBOE® S&P 500 VIX® Tail Hedge Fund (VIXH)First Trust Global Tactical Commodity Strategy Fund (FTGC)First Trust High Income ETF (FTHI)First Trust Long/Short Equity ETF (FTLS)First Trust Low Beta Income ETF (FTLB)First Trust Morningstar Managed Futures Strategy Fund (FMF)--Dynamic Currency Hedged FundsFirst Trust RiverFront Dynamic Asia Pacific ETF (RFAP)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Developed International ETF (RFDI)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Emerging Markets ETF (RFEM)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Europe ETF (RFEU)--Income FundsEquity IncomeFirst Trust Dow Jones Global Select Dividend Index Fund (FGD)First Trust Morningstar Dividend Leaders Index Fund (FDL)First Trust NASDAQ Technology Dividend Index Fund (TDIV)First Trust North American Energy Infrastructure Fund (EMLP)First Trust RBA Quality Income ETF (QINC)First Trust Rising Dividend Achievers ETF (RDVY)First Trust STOXX® European Select Dividend Index Fund (FDD)First Trust Value Line® Dividend Index Fund (FVD)US Equity Dividend Select ETF (RNDV)Fixed IncomeFirst Trust California Municipal High Income ETF (FCAL)First Trust Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond ETF (FEMB)First Trust Enhanced Short Maturity ETF (FTSM)First Trust Low Duration Opportunities ETF (LMBS)First Trust Managed Municipal ETF (FMB)First Trust Municipal CEF Income Opportunity ETF (MCEF)First Trust Senior Loan Fund (FTSL)First Trust Tactical High Yield ETF (HYLS)First Trust TCW Opportunistic Fixed Income ETF (FIXD)Hybrid IncomeFirst Trust CEF Income Opportunity ETF (FCEF)First Trust High Income ETF (FTHI)First Trust Low Beta Income ETF (FTLB)First Trust Preferred Securities and Income ETF (FPE)First Trust SSI Strategic Convertible Securities ETF (FCVT)First Trust Strategic Income ETF (FDIV)International Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index Fund (YDIV)Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index Fund (MDIV)--Sector & Industry FundsConsumer Discretionary First Trust Consumer Discretionary AlphaDEX® Fund (FXD)First Trust Nasdaq Retail ETF (FTXD)Consumer StaplesFirst Trust Consumer Staples AlphaDEX® Fund (FXG)First Trust Nasdaq Food & Beverage ETF (FTXG)EnergyFirst Trust Energy AlphaDEX® Fund (FXN)First Trust Nasdaq Oil & Gas ETF (FTXN)First Trust Natural Gas ETF (FCG)FinancialsFirst Trust Financials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXO)First Trust NASDAQ® ABA Community Bank Index Fund (QABA)First Trust Nasdaq Bank ETF (FTXO)HealthFirst Trust Health Care AlphaDEX® Fund (FXH)First Trust Nasdaq Pharmaceuticals ETF (FTXH)First Trust NYSE Arca Biotechnology Index Fund (FBT)IndustrialsFirst Trust Industrials/Producer Durables AlphaDEX® Fund (FXR)First Trust Nasdaq Transportation ETF (FTXR)First Trust NASDAQ® Clean Edge® Smart Grid Infrastructure Index Fund (GRID)First Trust Water ETF (FIW)MaterialsFirst Trust Indxx Global Agriculture ETF (FTAG)First Trust Indxx Global Natural Resources Income ETF (FTRI)First Trust Materials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXZ)Real EstateFirst Trust FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Markets Real Estate Index Fund (FFR)First Trust Heitman Global Prime Real Estate ETF (PRME)First Trust S&P REIT Index Fund (FRI)TechnologyFirst Trust Cloud Computing ETF (SKYY)First Trust Dow Jones Internet Index Fund (FDN)First Trust Nasdaq Cybersecurity ETF (CIBR)First Trust Nasdaq Semiconductor ETF (FTXL)First Trust Nasdaq Smartphone Index Fund (FONE)First Trust NASDAQ Technology Dividend Index Fund (TDIV)First Trust NASDAQ-100-Technology Sector Index Fund (QTEC)First Trust Technology AlphaDEX® Fund (FXL)UtilitiesFirst Trust Utilities AlphaDEX® Fund (FXU)--Size/Style FundsMega CapFirst Trust Mega Cap AlphaDEX Fund (FMK)Large Cap  First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Domestic ETF (HUSV)First Trust Large Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FEX)First Trust Large Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FTC)First Trust Large Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FTA)First Trust Morningstar Dividend Leaders Index Fund (FDL)First Trust Value Line® Dividend Index Fund (FVD)Large Cap US Equity Select ETF (RNLC)US Equity Dividend Select ETF (RNDV)Mid CapFirst Trust Mid Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FNX)First Trust Mid Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FNY)First Trust Mid Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FNK)Mid Cap US Equity Select ETF (RNMC)Small CapFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)First Trust Small Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FYX)First Trust Small Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FYC)First Trust Small Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FYT)Small Cap US Equity Select ETF (RNSC)Micro-CapFirst Trust Dow Jones Select MicroCap Index Fund (FDM)Multi-CapFirst Trust Multi Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FAD)First Trust Multi Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FAB)First Trust Total US Market AlphaDEX® ETF (TUSA)First Trust Value Line® 100 Exchange-Traded Fund (FVL)--Global/International FundsBroad MarketDeveloped International Equity Select ETF ( RNDM)Emerging Markets Equity Select ETF (RNEM)First Trust Developed Markets ex-US AlphaDEX® Fund (FDT)First Trust Dorsey Wright International Focus 5 ETF (IFV)First Trust Dow Jones Global Select Dividend Index Fund (FGD)First Trust Emerging Markets AlphaDEX® Fund (FEM)First Trust International IPO ETF (FPXI)RegionFirst Trust Asia Pacific ex-Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FPA)First Trust BICK Index Fund (BICK)First Trust Chindia ETF (FNI)First Trust Europe AlphaDEX® Fund (FEP)First Trust Eurozone AlphaDEX&reg ETF (FEUZ)First Trust Latin America AlphaDEX® Fund (FLN)First Trust STOXX® European Select Dividend Index Fund (FDD)CountryFirst Trust Australia AlphaDEX® Fund (FAUS)First Trust Brazil AlphaDEX® Fund (FBZ)First Trust Canada AlphaDEX® Fund (FCAN)First Trust China AlphaDEX® Fund (FCA)First Trust Germany AlphaDEX® Fund (FGM)First Trust Hong Kong AlphaDEX® Fund (FHK)First Trust Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FJP)First Trust South Korea AlphaDEX® Fund (FKO)First Trust Switzerland AlphaDEX® Fund (FSZ)First Trust Taiwan AlphaDEX® Fund (FTW)First Trust United Kingdom AlphaDEX® Fund (FKU)Sector & IndustryFirst Trust FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Markets Real Estate Index Fund (FFR)First Trust Global Engineering and Construction ETF (FLM)First Trust Global Wind Energy ETF (FAN)First Trust Indxx Global Agriculture ETF (FTAG)First Trust Indxx Global Natural Resources Income ETF (FTRI)First Trust NASDAQ Global Auto Index Fund (CARZ)Dividend FocusFirst Trust Dow Jones Global Select Dividend Index Fund (FGD)First Trust STOXX® European Select Dividend Index Fund (FDD)International Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index Fund (YDIV)Size/StyleFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Developed International ETF (HDMV)Dynamic Currency HedgedFirst Trust RiverFront Dynamic Asia Pacific ETF (RFAP)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Developed International ETF (RFDI)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Emerging Markets ETF (RFEM)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Europe ETF (RFEU)--Green/Renewable FundsFirst Trust Global Wind Energy ETF (FAN)First Trust NASDAQ® Clean Edge® Green Energy Index Fund (QCLN)First Trust NASDAQ® Clean Edge® Smart Grid Infrastructure Index Fund (GRID)First Trust Natural Gas ETF (FCG)First Trust Water ETF (FIW)--Specialty FundsEquityCompass Risk Manager ETF (ERM)EquityCompass Tactical Risk Manager ETF (TERM)First Trust Capital Strength ETF (FTCS)First Trust Dorsey Wright Dynamic Focus 5 ETF (FVC)First Trust Dorsey Wright Focus 5 (FV)First Trust International IPO ETF (FPXI)First Trust NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index Fund (QQEW)First Trust NASDAQ-100 Ex-Technology Sector Index Fund (QQXT)First Trust RBA American Industrial Renaissance™ ETF (AIRR)First Trust US Equity Opportunities ETF (FPX)First Trust Value Line® 100 Exchange-Traded Fund (FVL)All AlphaDEX® Exchange-Traded Funds--AlphaDEX® Global/International FundsBroad MarketFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US AlphaDEX® Fund (FDT)First Trust Emerging Markets AlphaDEX® Fund (FEM)RegionFirst Trust Asia Pacific ex-Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FPA)First Trust Europe AlphaDEX® Fund (FEP)First Trust Eurozone AlphaDEX&reg ETF (FEUZ)First Trust Latin America AlphaDEX® Fund (FLN)CountryFirst Trust Australia AlphaDEX® Fund (FAUS)First Trust Brazil AlphaDEX® Fund (FBZ)First Trust Canada AlphaDEX® Fund (FCAN)First Trust China AlphaDEX® Fund (FCA)First Trust Germany AlphaDEX® Fund (FGM)First Trust Hong Kong AlphaDEX® Fund (FHK)First Trust Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FJP)First Trust South Korea AlphaDEX® Fund (FKO)First Trust Switzerland AlphaDEX® Fund (FSZ)First Trust Taiwan AlphaDEX® Fund (FTW)First Trust United Kingdom AlphaDEX® Fund (FKU)Size/StyleFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)--AlphaDEX® Sector FundsConsumer Discretionary First Trust Consumer Discretionary AlphaDEX® Fund (FXD)Consumer StaplesFirst Trust Consumer Staples AlphaDEX® Fund (FXG)EnergyFirst Trust Energy AlphaDEX® Fund (FXN)FinancialsFirst Trust Financials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXO)HealthFirst Trust Health Care AlphaDEX® Fund (FXH)IndustrialsFirst Trust Industrials/Producer Durables AlphaDEX® Fund (FXR)MaterialsFirst Trust Materials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXZ)TechnologyFirst Trust Technology AlphaDEX® Fund (FXL)UtilitiesFirst Trust Utilities AlphaDEX® Fund (FXU)--AlphaDEX® Size/Style FundsMega CapFirst Trust Mega Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FMK)Large Cap  First Trust Large Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FEX)First Trust Large Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FTC)First Trust Large Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FTA)Mid CapFirst Trust Mid Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FNX)First Trust Mid Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FNY)First Trust Mid Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FNK)Small CapFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)First Trust Small Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FYX)First Trust Small Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FYC)First Trust Small Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FYT)Multi-CapFirst Trust Multi Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FAD)First Trust Multi Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FAB)First Trust Total US Market AlphaDEX® ETF (TUSA)First Trust ETFs Rated 4 or 5 Stars by MorningstarOther Exchange Traded Fund InformationGuide to Exchange Traded Funds (PDF)Guide to AlphaDEX Enhanced Index ETFs (PDF)Monthly Performance Report (PDF)Exchange-Traded Fund Product List (PDF)AlphaDEX Perspectives (PDF)Quantitative Stock Selection White Paper (PDF)2017 ETF Distribution Schedule (PDF)Search By SectorSearch By StockFund Tax CenterVariable AnnuitiesFirst Trust/Dow Jones Dividend & Income Allocation PortfolioFirst Trust Multi Income Allocation PortfolioFirst Trust Dorsey Wright Tactical Core PortfolioClosed-End FundsAvailable Closed End FundsAll Closed End Funds--First Trust Senior Floating Rate 2022 Target Term Fund (FIV)--First Trust Dynamic Europe Equity Income Fund (FDEU)--First Trust New Opportunities MLP & Energy Fund (FPL)--First Trust Intermediate Duration Preferred & Income Fund  (FPF)--First Trust MLP and Energy Income Fund  (FEI)--First Trust Energy Infrastructure Fund (FIF)--First Trust High Income Long/Short Fund (FSD)--First Trust Specialty Finance and Financial Opportunities Fund (FGB)--First Trust/Aberdeen Emerging Opportunity Fund (FEO)--First Trust Strategic High Income Fund II (FHY)--First Trust Mortgage Income Fund (FMY)--First Trust/Aberdeen Global Income Fund (FAM)--First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (FFA)--First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund (FEN)--First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II (FCT)--Macquarie/First Trust Global Infrastructure/Utilities Dividend & Income Fund (MFD)Fund Tax CenterMutual FundsAll Mutual Funds--First Trust AQA® Equity Fund--First Trust Preferred Securities and Income Fund--First Trust Short Duration High Income Fund--First Trust/Confluence Small Cap Value FundFund Tax CenterStructured Products401(k)All 401(k) FundsFirst Trust All Equity Allocation PortfolioFirst Trust Target Date Fund Family2010 Fund2020 Fund2030 Fund2040 Fund2050 FundFinancial Advisors: Request a 401(k) ProposalManaged Accounts
























 Initial Offering Info|Overview
|Product Literature
|Distributions
|Summary
|Pricing
|Performance








 





Multi-Sector Income Portfolio, Series 36
The Multi-Sector Income Portfolio offers investors the potential for a lower-risk total return
alternative to investing solely in
stocks. To accomplish this, the
portfolio invests in high dividendpaying
equity securities diversified
among common stocks, Canadian
energy stocks and Real Estate
Investment Trusts (REITs) as well as in closed-end
funds (CEFs) which invest primarily in master limited partnerships (MLPs), equities and taxable
bonds. The portfolio is approximately weighted based on the  allocation below.

Canadian Energy Stocks
The Canadian energy common stocks held in the portfolio generate cash flow through the
gathering, processing, transportation, storage, and distribution of oil and natural gas.
With continuing geo-political and long-term supply concerns, we believe this investment may
represent an attractive alternative for investors seeking oil and gas exposure and high current
income potential.
The Importance of Dividends
Due to the fact that corporations are not obligated
to share their earnings with stockholders, dividends may be viewed as a sign of a company's profitability
as well as management's assessment of the future, in our opinion.
Dividends have had a significant impact on stock performance. Consider the historical effect dividends
have had on companies in the S&P 500 Index. According to Ibbotson Associates, dividends have provided
approximately 42% of the 10.04% average annual total return on the S&P 500 Index from 1926 through
2016. The S&P 500 Index is an unmanaged index of 500 stocks used to measure large-cap U.S. stock
market performance. The index cannot be purchased directly by investors. You should be aware that
there is no guarantee that the issuers of the securities included in the portfolio will declare dividends in
the future or that, if declared, they will either remain at current levels or increase over time.
Master Limited Partnerships
MLPs are limited partnerships that are publicly traded on a U.S. securities exchange, which
combine the tradeability of common stocks with the corporate structure of a limited partnership.
MLPs are traditionally high cash flow businesses that pay out a majority of that cash to investors.
Unlike individual partnership investments, investing in MLPs through closed-end funds provides
investors with one Form 1099 per shareholder at the end of the year, rather than multiple K-1s and
potential state filings.
Real Estate Investment Trusts
In investing, low correlation signifies that different investments have not performed in the same
  way. A study by Ibbotson Associates found that REITs' low correlation to other investments is a key
  factor for portfolio diversification.1 This makes a compelling case for the use of REITs to reduce
risks in a variety of investment portfolios.
1 NAREIT
Portfolio Objectives
This unit investment trust seeks a high rate of
current monthly income and capital
appreciation. There is, however, no assurance
that the objectives will be achieved. Although
this portfolio terminates in approximately 15
months, the strategy is long-term. Investors
should consider their ability to pursue investing
in successive portfolios, if available. There may
be tax consequences unless units are
purchased in an IRA or other qualified plan.


Not FDIC Insured  Not Bank Guaranteed  May Lose Value


You should consider the portfolio's investment objectives, risks, and 
  charges and expenses carefully before investing. Contact your financial advisor 
  or call First Trust Portfolios, L.P. at 1.800.621.1675 to request a prospectus, 
  which contains this and other information about the portfolio. Read it carefully 
  before you invest.
Risk Considerations:
An investment in this unmanaged unit investment trust should be made with an 
  understanding of the risks involved with an investment in a portfolio of common 
stocks and closed-end funds. 
Common stocks are subject to certain risks, such as an economic recession and 
  the possible deterioration of either the financial condition of the issuers 
  of the equity securities or the general condition of the stock market.
Closed-end funds are subject to various risks, including management's ability 
  to meet the fund's investment objective, and to manage the fund's portfolio 
  when the underlying securities are redeemed or sold, during periods of market 
  turmoil and as investors' perceptions regarding the funds or their underlying 
  investments change. Unlike open-end funds, which trade at prices based on a 
  current determination of the fund's net asset value, closed-end funds frequently 
  trade at a discount to their net asset value in the secondary market. Certain 
  closed-end funds may employ the use of leverage which increases the volatility 
  of such funds.
Certain of the closed-end funds invest in MLPs. Investments in MLPs are subject to the risks generally applicable to companies in the energy and natural resources sectors, including commodity pricing risk, supply and demand risk, depletion risk and exploration risk. U.S. taxing authorities could challenge the trust's treatment of the MLPs for federal income tax purposes. These tax risks could have a negative impact on the aftertax income available for distribution by the MLPs and/or the value of the trust's investments.
An investment in a portfolio containing REIT securities is subject to additional risks, as companies involved in the real estate industry are subject to changes in the real estate market, vacancy rates and competition, volatile interest rates and economic recession.
The companies engaged in the energy sector are subject to certain risks, including price and
  supply fluctuations caused by international politics, energy conservation, taxes, price controls,
  and other regulatory policies of various governments. Falling oil and gas prices may negatively
  impact the profitability and business prospects of certain energy companies.
Certain of the common stocks held by the trust are issued by companies headquartered in
  Canada which involves additional risks. The Canadian market is relatively concentrated in
  issuers involved in the production and distribution of natural resources and continued demands
  by the Province of Quebec for sovereignty could significantly affect the Canadian market,
  particularly if such demands are met.
An investment in a portfolio containing securities of foreign issuers is subject to certain risks,
  including currency and interest rate fluctuations, nationalization or other adverse political or
  economic developments, lack of liquidity of certain foreign markets, withholding, the lack of
  adequate financial information, and exchange control restrictions impacting foreign issuers.
  Risks associated with investing in foreign securities may be more pronounced in emerging
  markets where the securities markets are substantially smaller, less developed, less liquid, less
  regulated, and more volatile than the U.S. and developed foreign markets.
Certain of the closed-end funds invest in high-yield securities or “junk” bonds. Investing in
  high-yield securities should be viewed as speculative and you should review your ability to
  assume the risks associated with investments which utilize such securities. High-yield securities
  are subject to numerous risks, including higher interest rates, economic recession, deterioration
  of the junk bond market, possible downgrades and defaults of interest and/or principal. Highyield
  security prices tend to fluctuate more than higher rated securities and are affected by
  short-term credit developments to a greater degree.
An investment in a portfolio containing small-cap and mid-cap companies is subject to
  additional risks, as the share prices of small-cap companies and certain mid-cap companies are
  often more volatile than those of larger companies due to several factors, including limited
  trading volumes, products, financial resources, management inexperience and less publicly
  available information.
It is important to note that an investment can be made in the underlying funds directly rather
  than through the trust. These direct investments can be made without paying the trust’s sales
  charge, operating expenses and organizational costs.
The value of the securities held by the trust may be subject to steep declines or increased
  volatility due to changes in performance or perception of the issuers.
For a discussion of additional risks of investing in the trust see the “Risk Factors” section of
  the prospectus.



 












 

Product Watch Options


Click on the appropriate CUSIP below to add it to your product watch list:




 30304J223
(Cash)


 30304J231
(Reinvest)


 30304J249
(Cash-Fee)


 30304J256
(Reinvest-Fee)

 







 Printer Friendly Page

















 

                        The information presented is not intended to constitute an investment recommendation for, or advice to, any specific person.  By providing this information, First Trust is not undertaking to give advice in any fiduciary capacity within the meaning of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code.  First Trust has no knowledge of and has not been provided any information regarding any investor.  Financial advisors must determine whether particular investments are appropriate for their clients.  First Trust believes the financial advisor is a fiduciary, is capable of evaluating investment risks independently and is responsible for exercising independent judgment with respect to its retirement plan clients.
                    


First Trust Portfolios L.P.  Member SIPC and FINRA.
		                    First Trust Advisors L.P.
		                    



Home | 
		                        Important Legal Information | 
		                        Privacy Policy | 
		                        Business Continuity Plan | 
                                FINRA BrokerCheck



Copyright © 2017 All rights reserved.











 

	First Trust - www.FTPortfolios.com




























The requested content is no longer available.





















Pioneer Global Multisector Income Fund | PGABX | Pioneer Investments

































































			Select your website
		
X



























About Us

About Amundi Pioneer
Company Notices
Proxy Voting
Amundi Pioneer Helping Others
Amundi Smith Breeden


Careers

Career Opportunities
Benefits
Our Culture
HR Contact Information


Press

Press Releases
Press Contacts


Contact Us



Global Home













Choose Your Role



Advisor
																»

Investor
																»

Institutional
																»

RIA
																»

Fiduciary
																»








Advisor Login
																»

Register
																»

Edit My Profile
																»

Change My Password
																»



















Advisor Login













Close




					        	Investor? Click here for login »

Advisor Login




Email Address







Password

Forgot Your Password? »


Login»
 



Remember My Email Address




Not Registered Yet?
Investment Professionals Only. Investors should register and login by visiting the Investor Login page.
Advisor Registration »












Insights


Perspectives


Economic Update


Our Blog




Amundi Pioneer Compass: Direction of the Markets


Amundi Pioneer Market Monitor


 


 






Products


Mutual Funds

Fund Directory
Daily Pricing & Performance
Performance by Month & Quarter
Distributions
Morningstar Ratings
Fund Holdings
Historical Pricing
Fund Commentaries
Sector Allocation Charts



Insurance-Linked Securities

Webinars
Subscription Request

Closed-End Funds

Daily Pricing
Notices and Updates
Fund Literature

Coverdell Education Savings Account




Variable Contract Trusts

VCT Portfolio Listing
VCT Performance
VCT Contacts

Variable Annuities

Pioneer Prism
AnnuiStar




Strength Across the Board

At Pioneer Investments, strength begins with our consistent, structured investment process based on research, active portfolio management and a careful balance of risk and reward. The results speak for themselves.
See More»





Investment Ideas


Looking for Growth, but Concerned About Volatile Markets?


 


 


Why Focus on Quality Companies?


 


 




A Dynamic Approach to Seeking Real Returns


 


 




Active Management Across the Range of Market Environments


 


An Active, Risk-Managed Approach to Core Fixed Income





Pioneer Fundamental Growth Fund Update

In this Advisor-Only call, Paul Cloonan, Portfolio Manager, provides a second quarter update on Pioneer Fundamental Growth Fund. 

Listen to replay»





Literature & Forms


Download Literature


Forms and Applications


Order Literature






Retirement  Center


Uni-K Owner Only Business Plans

About Uni-K
Uni-K Features
Tools for Advisors
Frequently Asked Questions
Who Should Consider
It’s Easy to Open a Uni-K Plan®
Uni-K Roth
Loans



Individual Retirement Plans

Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
403(b)

Other Small Business Plans

SEP IRA
SIMPLE IRA
Age-Based Profit Sharing




Uni-K Plan Contribution Analyzer

Input some basic information about your client and in seconds you will have a detailed contribution analysis as well as a Proposal Generator for your clients.
Learn More»





Investors


Investor Login


Manage My Account

Account Maintenance
Transactions
Account Features

Tax Center

IRS Form 8937
Mailing Schedule



I Would Like To

Download a Form
Download Literature or a Prospectus
Change my Address 
View Fund Pricing
Performance by Month & Quarter
Update My Account Information
Place a Literature Order




Looking for growth, but concerned about volatile markets?

Pioneer Fundamental Growth Fund offers a high-quality focus that seeks to mitigate downside risk.
Explore Now»





Advisors


Advisor Login


Register for Access

 



Registered Investment Advisors

 
Insurance-Linked Securities
Find Your RIA Specialist
Fixed Income & International Strategies
Equity & Flexible Strategies



Quick Links

Find Your Sales Team
DST Vision Access
Tax Center
Download Literature
Forms and Applications





 





Amundi Pioneer » 
Products » 
Fund Details » 
                        
                        
                    
                
                    
                        
                        
                            Pioneer Global Multisector Income Fund
                        
                    
                
                
            








/>
	        	
		        	
		        		Pioneer Global Multisector Income Fund













Overview
Performance & Risk
Holdings
Prices & Distributions
Literature





overview/highlights.xsloverview/strategy.xslFund StrategyThe Fund seeks high current income by actively managing a diversified portfolio of U.S. and international high yield and investment-grade debt securities. It selects sector concentrations driven by evaluation of capital markets. The Fund actively adjusts a blend of fixed-income securities to manage risk, seek enhanced yield, and offer total return potential.Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market.overview/mngmt.xslPortfolio ManagementKenneth J. Taubes, Portfolio ManagerMr. Taubes, an executive vice president and Chief Investment Officer of U.S. Investment Management, joined Amundi Pioneer in 1998 and has been an investment professional since 1983.Charles Melchreit, Portfolio ManagerMr. Melchreit, a senior vice president and Director of Investment Grade, joined Amundi Pioneer in 2006 and has been an investment professional since 1986.Andrew Feltus, CFA, Portfolio ManagerMr. Feltus, a senior vice president and Director of High Yield and Bank Loans, joined Amundi Pioneer in 1994 and has been an investment professional since 1991.Paresh Upadhyaya, Portfolio ManagerMr. Upadhyaya, a senior vice president and the Director of Currency Strategy, U.S., joined Amundi Pioneer in 2012 and has been an investment professional since 1993.Portfolio Management Perspective"Having the flexibility to invest in a broad range of issuers and segments of the debt securities markets across countries and regions, sectors and industries, helps us identify what we believe to be the best opportunities for above-average total return. We strive to meet this objective through a combination of top-down, fixed-income macro-analysis and bottom-up fundamental research on individual securities."overview/footnotes.xslA WORD ABOUT RISKInvesting in foreign and/or emerging market securities involves risks relating to interest rates, currency exchange rates, economic, and political conditions. When interest rates rise, the prices of fixed-income securities in the Fund will generally fall. Conversely, when interest rates fall, the prices of fixed-income securities in the Fund will generally rise. Investments in the fund are subject to possible loss due to the financial failure of issuers of underlying securities and their inability to meet their debt obligations. Investments in high yield or lower-rated securities are subject to greater-than-average price volatility, illiquidity and possibility of default. Prepayment risk is the chance that an issuer may exercise its right to prepay its security, if falling interest rates prompt the issuer to do so. Forced to reinvest the unanticipated proceeds at lower interest rates, the fund would experience a decline in income and lose the opportunity for additional price appreciation. The portfolio may invest in mortgage-backed securities, which during times of fluctuating interest rates may increase or decrease more than other fixed-income securities. Mortgage-backed securities are also subject to pre-payments. The securities issued by U.S. Government sponsored entities (i.e., FNMA, Freddie Mac) are neither guaranteed nor issued by the U.S. Government. Floating rate loans and similar instruments may be illiquid or less liquid than other instruments, and the value of any collateral can decline or be insufficient to meet the issuer's obligations. The value of municipal securities can be adversely affected by changes in financial condition of municipal issuers, lower revenues, and regulatory and political developments. The fund is subject to currency risk, meaning that the fund could experience losses based on changes in the exchange rate between non-U.S. currencies and the U.S. dollar. The Fund may use derivatives, such as options, futures, inverse floating rate obligations, swaps, and others, which can be illiquid, may disproportionately increase losses, and have a potentially large impact on Fund performance. Derivatives may have a leveraging effect on the Fund. These risks may increase share price volatility.overview/bankbox.xslNot FDIC insuredMay lose valueNo bank guarantee						Before investing, consider the product's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Contact your advisor or Amundi Pioneer for a prospectus or summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully. To obtain a free prospectus and for information on any Pioneer fund, please download from our web site.											Neither Amundi Pioneer, nor its representatives, are legal or tax advisors. In addition, Amundi Pioneer does not provide advice or recommendations. The investments you choose should correspond to your needs, goals, and risk tolerance. For assistance in determining your financial situation, please consult an investment professional.					overview/mstarfootnotes.xslAbout Morningstar Ratings:Ratings are based on past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. The Overall Morningstar RatingTM is based on a weighted average of the star ratings assigned to a fund's three, five, and ten year (as applicable) time periods.  The Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their underlying portfolio holdings. Classifications are based on portfolio statistics and compositions over the past three years. For funds less than three years old, category classifications are based on life of the fund. Pioneer Global Multisector Income Fund was rated exclusively against U.S.-domiciled world bond funds as follows: 4 and 4 stars among 298 and 253 funds for the three- and five-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively.  The Morningstar Rating is for Class A Shares only. Ratings may vary among share classes.Ratings are based on past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Star ratings do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales load. The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. The following copyright pertains only to Morningstar information. The Morningstar information contained herein 1) is proprietary to Morningstar; 2) may not be copied; and 3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.


perf/risk.xslRisk Measures (3-Year)		                        	As of June 30, 2017As compared to the BBG Barc Global Aggregate Bond IndexR-squared0.57Beta0.49Sharpe Ratio0.16Standard Deviation (Fund)3.22Standard Deviation (Benchmark)4.97Risk measures apply to Class A Shares only.Beta is a measure of the volatility of a fund relative to the overall market.R-squared represents the percentage of the portfolio's movements that can be explained by the general movements of the market.Standard Deviation is a statistical measure of the historic volatility of a portfolio.Sharpe Ratio - a measure of excess return per unit of risk, as defined by standard deviation. A higher Sharpe ratio suggests better risk-adjusted performance.Source: Lipper.perf/performance.xslFund Performance Chart is for illustrative purposes. These results represent the percentage change in net asset value per share. Returns would have been lower had sales charges been reflected. For the most recent month-end performance results click here. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data quoted.  The performance data quoted represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate, and shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. All results are historical and assume the reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.Performance results reflect any applicable expense waivers in effect during the periods shown. Without such waivers, fund performance would be lower. Waivers may not be in effect for all funds. Certain fee waivers are contractual through a specified period. Otherwise, fee waivers can be rescinded at any time. See the prospectus and financial statements for more information.Average Annual Total Returns through June 30, 2017                                                                                                                 1-Year3-Year5-Year10-YearSince InceptionClass A Shares (NAV)3.87%2.03%2.68%-4.21%Class A Shares (POP)-0.84%0.48%1.75%-3.71%Class C Return If Held2.99%1.11%1.79%-3.33%Class C Return If Redeemed2.99%1.11%1.79%-3.33%Class Y Shares (NAV)4.22%2.29%2.96%-4.46%BBG Barc Global Aggregate Bond Index-2.18%-0.35%0.78%3.69%2.95%Lipper Global Income Funds Average1.42%0.56%1.63%3.88%3.46%Calendar Year Returns (Total Return) through June 30, 2017                                                                                                                 YTD2016201520142013Class A Shares at NAV4.15%4.80%-1.62%3.38%-2.15%Class C Shares at NAV3.72%3.88%-2.48%2.36%-2.93%Class Y Shares at NAV4.35%5.04%-1.33%3.54%-1.86%BBG Barc Global Aggregate Bond Index4.41%2.09%-3.15%0.59%-2.60%Lipper Global Income Funds Average4.19%3.57%-3.30%2.40%-2.29%Class A Share (POP): Reflects the deduction of maximum 4.50% sales charge.Class C Return if Redeemed: The performance of Class C shares does not reflect the 1% front-end sales charge in effect prior to February 1, 2004. If you paid a 1% sales charge, your returns would be lower than shown above. Class C Shares held for less than one year are subject to a 1% contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC).Class Y shares are not subject to sales charges and are available for limited groups of investors, including institutional investors.NAV results represent the percent change in net asset value per share. Returns would have been lower had sales charges been reflected. The Bloomberg Barclays (BBG Barc) Global Aggregate Bond Index (benchmark) provides a broad-based measure of the global investment-grade fixed income markets. The Lipper Global Income Funds Average represents the average annual returns for all Global Income Funds for the respective time periods. Indices are unmanaged and their returns assume reinvestment of dividends and, unlike fund returns, do not reflect any fees or expenses. You cannot invest directly in an index. Periods less than one year are actual, not annualized.perf/bankbox.xslNot FDIC insuredMay lose valueNo bank guarantee						Before investing, consider the product's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Contact your advisor or Amundi Pioneer for a prospectus or summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully. To obtain a free prospectus and for information on any Pioneer fund, please download from our web site.											Neither Amundi Pioneer, nor its representatives, are legal or tax advisors. In addition, Amundi Pioneer does not provide advice or recommendations. The investments you choose should correspond to your needs, goals, and risk tolerance. For assistance in determining your financial situation, please consult an investment professional.					perf/mstarfootnotes.xslAbout Morningstar Ratings:Ratings are based on past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. The Overall Morningstar RatingTM is based on a weighted average of the star ratings assigned to a fund's three, five, and ten year (as applicable) time periods.  The Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their underlying portfolio holdings. Classifications are based on portfolio statistics and compositions over the past three years. For funds less than three years old, category classifications are based on life of the fund. Pioneer Global Multisector Income Fund was rated exclusively against U.S.-domiciled world bond funds as follows: 4 and 4 stars among 298 and 253 funds for the three- and five-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively.  The Morningstar Rating is for Class A Shares only. Ratings may vary among share classes.Ratings are based on past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Star ratings do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales load. The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. The following copyright pertains only to Morningstar information. The Morningstar information contained herein 1) is proprietary to Morningstar; 2) may not be copied; and 3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.


holdings/portfolio.xslPortfolio Allocation(% of Portfolio) as of June 30, 2017Int'l Invest.-Grade Bonds30.9%Emerging Markets24.2%Agency Pass Throughs15.0%US Invest. Grade Corp.6.8%US High Yield Corp.4.5%International High-Yield Bond4.1%CMBS3.2%Other11.4%holdings/topholdings.xslTop Holdings(% of Portfolio) as of June 30, 20171New Zealand Government Bond, 5.5%, 4/15/233.6%2Australia Government Bond, 4.75%, 4/21/273.2%3International Finance Corp., 6.3%, 11/25/242.6%4Canadian Government Bond, 2.25%, 6/1/252.4%5Canadian Government Bond, 1.75%, 9/1/192.4%6Japan Government Ten Year Bond, 0.1%, 9/20/262.2%7Pioneer Ils Interval Fund2.0%8United Kingdom Gilt, 3.5%, 1/22/451.6%9Norway Government Bond, 4.5%, 5/22/191.4%10United Kingdom Gilt, 1.75%, 7/22/191.2%TOTAL22.6%*The portfolio is actively managed and current fund information is subject to change. The holdings listed should not be considered recommendations to buy or sell any security listed.Click here for a full list of holdings.						holdings/sectors.xslholdings/qualitydist.xslQuality Distribution(% of Portfolio) as of June 30, 2017AAA35.4%AA10.0%A8.6%BBB16.1%BB9.4%B13.9%CCC0.8%Not Rated4.5%Cash Equivalent1.3%Due to rounding, figures may not total 100%.Credit rating breakdown reflects the average of available ratings across Moody's, Standard & Poor's (S&P) and Fitch. Bond ratings are ordered highest to lowest in portfolio. Based on S&P’s measures, AAA (highest possible rating) through BBB are considered investment grade. BB or lower ratings are considered non-investment grade. Cash equivalents and some bonds may not be rated.holdings/country.xslholdings/bankbox.xslNot FDIC insuredMay lose valueNo bank guarantee						Before investing, consider the product's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Contact your advisor or Amundi Pioneer for a prospectus or summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully. To obtain a free prospectus and for information on any Pioneer fund, please download from our web site.											Neither Amundi Pioneer, nor its representatives, are legal or tax advisors. In addition, Amundi Pioneer does not provide advice or recommendations. The investments you choose should correspond to your needs, goals, and risk tolerance. For assistance in determining your financial situation, please consult an investment professional.					holdings/mstarfootnotes.xslAbout Morningstar Ratings:Ratings are based on past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. The Overall Morningstar RatingTM is based on a weighted average of the star ratings assigned to a fund's three, five, and ten year (as applicable) time periods.  The Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their underlying portfolio holdings. Classifications are based on portfolio statistics and compositions over the past three years. For funds less than three years old, category classifications are based on life of the fund. Pioneer Global Multisector Income Fund was rated exclusively against U.S.-domiciled world bond funds as follows: 4 and 4 stars among 298 and 253 funds for the three- and five-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively.  The Morningstar Rating is for Class A Shares only. Ratings may vary among share classes.Ratings are based on past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Star ratings do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales load. The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. The following copyright pertains only to Morningstar information. The Morningstar information contained herein 1) is proprietary to Morningstar; 2) may not be copied; and 3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.



Daily Pricing



prices/dailypricing.xslPast performance is no guarantee of future results.Share price, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.Y Shares are available only to investors eligible to invest in products at NAV (Net Asset Value).NAV returns do not reflect the deduction of sales charges which would lower returns.Call 1-800-225-6292 or visit the fund performance page for the most recent month-end performance results. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data quoted.The performance data quoted represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate, and shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost.Historical PricingClick here for historical pricing.		        DistributionsClick here for distributions.		        Sales Charges			            Trail fees are paid quarterly to qualifying dealers at a maximum rate of 0.25% on the net 			            assets of your clients' accounts for all funds, with the exception of Pioneer Multi-Asset Ultrashort 			            Income Fund A Shares, which pays 0.20%, and Pioneer Cash Reserves A Shares, which pays 0.05%.			        prices/bankbox.xslNot FDIC insuredMay lose valueNo bank guarantee						Before investing, consider the product's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Contact your advisor or Amundi Pioneer for a prospectus or summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully. To obtain a free prospectus and for information on any Pioneer fund, please download from our web site.											Neither Amundi Pioneer, nor its representatives, are legal or tax advisors. In addition, Amundi Pioneer does not provide advice or recommendations. The investments you choose should correspond to your needs, goals, and risk tolerance. For assistance in determining your financial situation, please consult an investment professional.					prices/mstarfootnotes.xslAbout Morningstar Ratings:Ratings are based on past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. The Overall Morningstar RatingTM is based on a weighted average of the star ratings assigned to a fund's three, five, and ten year (as applicable) time periods.  The Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their underlying portfolio holdings. Classifications are based on portfolio statistics and compositions over the past three years. For funds less than three years old, category classifications are based on life of the fund. Pioneer Global Multisector Income Fund was rated exclusively against U.S.-domiciled world bond funds as follows: 4 and 4 stars among 298 and 253 funds for the three- and five-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively.  The Morningstar Rating is for Class A Shares only. Ratings may vary among share classes.Ratings are based on past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Star ratings do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales load. The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. The following copyright pertains only to Morningstar information. The Morningstar information contained herein 1) is proprietary to Morningstar; 2) may not be copied; and 3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.



Literature



literature/litfootnotes.xsl*SAI = Statement of Additional InformationPrinted copies can also be ordered by visiting Order Literature.If you have any questions, call our Sales Desk at 1-800-622-9876.All downloaded documents are in Adobe® Acrobat format. To view these documents, your computer must be equipped with the Adobe® Acrobat Reader, available free from Adobe: download Adobe Acrobat Reader.literature/bankbox.xslNot FDIC insuredMay lose valueNo bank guarantee						Before investing, consider the product's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Contact your advisor or Amundi Pioneer for a prospectus or summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully. To obtain a free prospectus and for information on any Pioneer fund, please download from our web site.											Neither Amundi Pioneer, nor its representatives, are legal or tax advisors. In addition, Amundi Pioneer does not provide advice or recommendations. The investments you choose should correspond to your needs, goals, and risk tolerance. For assistance in determining your financial situation, please consult an investment professional.					literature/mstarfootnotes.xslAbout Morningstar Ratings:Ratings are based on past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. The Overall Morningstar RatingTM is based on a weighted average of the star ratings assigned to a fund's three, five, and ten year (as applicable) time periods.  The Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their underlying portfolio holdings. Classifications are based on portfolio statistics and compositions over the past three years. For funds less than three years old, category classifications are based on life of the fund. Pioneer Global Multisector Income Fund was rated exclusively against U.S.-domiciled world bond funds as follows: 4 and 4 stars among 298 and 253 funds for the three- and five-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively.  The Morningstar Rating is for Class A Shares only. Ratings may vary among share classes.Ratings are based on past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Star ratings do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales load. The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. The following copyright pertains only to Morningstar information. The Morningstar information contained herein 1) is proprietary to Morningstar; 2) may not be copied; and 3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.




common/morningstar.xslOverall Morningstar RatingTM(out of 298 funds in the World Bond Category)Morningstar proprietary ratings reflect risk-adjusted performance as of 6/30/17common/fundfacts.xslAs of June 30, 2017Fund FactsPGABX 						Class A					PGCBX 						Class C					PGYBX 						Class Y					CUSIP72388C10472388C20372388C302Nasdaq SymbolPGABXPGCBXPGYBXInception Date/Performance Inception Date12/27/200712/27/200712/27/2007Total Net Assets (millions)$22.9$9.6$16.7Initial Minimum Invest.$1,000$1,000$5,000,000Management Fee0.50%0.50%0.50%Expense Ratio (Gross)2.69%2.55%1.43%Expense Ratio (Net)1.02%1.92%0.77%Initial minimum investment amounts for retirement plans are lower.*Class Y shares are not subject to sales charges and are available for limited groups of investors, including institutional investors.The Net Expense Ratio reflects contractual expense limitations currently in effect through 3/1/2018, 3/1/2018 and 3/1/2018 for Class A, C and Y Shares, respectively. There can be no assurance that Amundi Pioneer will extend the expense limitations beyond such time. Please see the prospectus and financial statements for more information.common/characters.xslPortfolio CharacteristicsAs of June 30, 201730-day SEC Yield With Expense WaiverClass AClass CClass Y2.43%1.73%2.80%30-day SEC Yield Without Expense WaiverClass AClass CClass Y0.76%1.10%2.14%Weighted Average Life of Securities7.59 YearsWeighted Average Maturity11.55 YearsDuration5.81 YearsTotal Holdings430Turnover84%The 30-day SEC yield is based on the hypothetical annualized earning power (investment income only) of the Fund's portfolio securities during the period indicated.The performance data quoted represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate, and shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. All results are historical and assume the reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.Performance results reflect any applicable expense waivers in effect during the periods shown. Without such waivers, fund performance would be lower. Waivers may not be in effect for all funds. Certain fee waivers are contractual through a specified period. Otherwise, fee waivers can be rescinded at any time. See the prospectus and financial statements for more information.The Average Maturity of certain funds might not be a useful measure if they contain securities with principal paydowns, such as mortgage passthroughs. Instead, market participants calculate Average Life, which reflects the average time to receipt of principal payments (scheduled principal payments and projected prepayments).































   Contact Us  
   Privacy Policy  
   Legal  
   Business Continuity  
   Careers  
   Proxy Voting  
 © 2017 Amundi Pioneer
All Rights Reserved










Our Blog



Insights

Perspectives
Economic Update
Our Blog
Amundi Pioneer Compass: Direction of the Markets
Amundi Pioneer Market Monitor



Products

Mutual Funds
Insurance-Linked Securities
Closed-End Funds
Coverdell Education Savings Account
Variable Contract Trusts



Investment Ideas

Looking for Growth, but Concerned About Volatile Markets?
Why Focus on Quality Companies?

A Dynamic Approach to Seeking Real Returns
Active Management Across the Range of Market Environments
An Active, Risk-Managed Approach to Core Fixed Income



Literature & Forms

Download Literature
Forms and Applications
Order Literature




Retirement  Center

Uni-K Owner Only Business Plans
Individual Retirement Plans
Other Small Business Plans



Investors

Investor Login
Manage My Account
Tax Center
I Would Like To



Advisors

Advisor Login
Register for Access
Registered Investment Advisors
Quick Links






















 
Before investing, consider the product's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Contact your advisor or Amundi Pioneer for a prospectus or summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully. To obtain a free prospectus or summary prospectus and for information on any Pioneer fund, please download it from our literature section.
 
Securities offered through Amundi Pioneer Distributor, Inc., 
60 State Street, Boston, MA. 02109. 
Underwriter of Pioneer mutual funds, Member SIPC. 
© 2017 Amundi Pioneer Asset Management
 

Not FDIC insured | May lose value | No bank guarantee








































Multi-Sector Income Trust | BIT


























 



 
 


WHO WE ARE
BlackRock is trusted to manage more money than any other investment manager in the world, helping millions of people and the world’s biggest institutions and governments reach their investing goals.
Source: BlackRock. Based on $5.4 trillion in AUM as of 3/31/17





 BLACKROCK

BLACKROCK

 


 Mutual Funds

Mutual Funds

 

 iShares ETFs

iShares ETFs

 

 Closed-End Funds

Closed-End Funds

 

 Insights

Insights

 

 Advisor Center

Advisor Center

 

 Retirement

Retirement

 

 Investing Blog

Investing Blog

 




 iSHARES

iSHARES

 


 Find an ETF

Find an ETF

 

 About ETFs

About ETFs

 

 Why ETFs

Why ETFs

 




 OUR FIRM

OUR FIRM

 


 About Us

About Us

 

 Newsroom 

Newsroom 

 

 Investor Relations

Investor Relations

 

 Public Policy

Public Policy

 

 Responsibility

Responsibility

 

 Careers

Careers

 

 Contact Us

Contact Us

 




 INSTITUTIONS

INSTITUTIONS

 


 Insights

Insights

 

 Our Clients

Our Clients

 




 BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS

BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS

 


 Aladdin

Aladdin

 

 Financial Markets Advisory

Financial Markets Advisory

 

 Engineering Blog

Engineering Blog

 





FOLLOW US 


 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 












 Our Company and Sites








 United States

 



Select Country 



  United States


 Australia
 

 België
 

 Brasil
 

 Canada
 

 Chile
 

 China
 

 Colombia
 

 Danmark
 

 Deutschland
 

 Dubai (IFC)
 

 España
 

 France
 



 Hong Kong
 

 India
 

 Ísland
 

 Israel
 

 Italia
 

 Japan - 日本
 

 Korea - 한국
 

 Latin America & Iberia
 

 Magyarország
 

 México
 

 Nederland
 

 Norge
 



 Õsterreich
 

 Polska
 

 Portugal
 

 Singapore
 

 South Africa
 

 Suomi
 

 Sverige
 

 Schweiz
 

 Taiwan
 

 United Kingdom
 

 United States
 

 Location Not Listed?
 



 




Sign In 
 

Financial Professionals

BlackRock Site

 
Advisor Central at BNY Mellon

 

Individual Investors

Marketing Subscriptions

 
Mutual Fund & 529 Accounts

 

Institutional Investors

Institutional Client Login Sites

 


 See more accounts

 


















 
 


Products 



Insights 



Retirement 



Resources 



Financial Professionals 
















BY TYPE
Mutual FundsiShares ETFsClosed End Funds 



BY ASSET Class
EquityFixed IncomeMulti-Asset 



MORE PRODUCTS & RESOURCES
Managed AccountsTarget Date FundsVariable Insurance Funds529 College Saving PlansAlternative InvestmentsCash and Liquidity ProductsClosed End Funds ResourcesModel PortfoliosBlackRock Index Services 






FEATURED PRODUCT
 

 
Strategic Income Opportunities Fund











BY TYPE
Featured InsightsEconomic OutlookFixed IncomeEquitiesMulti-Asset 



INVESTMENT IDEAS
Balance Portfolios with BondsRethink Your Income StrategyNarrow the Growth GapFactor InvestingSustainable Investing 






FEATURED INSIGHTS
 

 
BlackRock Investment Institute











PLANNING
Retirement Fundamentals 



RESEARCH & INSIGHTS
BlackRock Retirement Institute 






FEATURED RESOURCE
 

 
Reframe the retirement problem
Financial advisors only











ACCOUNT ACCESS & FORMS
Account AccessForms and Applications 



MORE RESOURCES
LiteratureShare Classes and LoadsTax InformationEducationTools and Calculators 






FEATURED TOOL
 

 
Morningstar Hypothetical Tool 
Portfolio comparison for advisors











PROFESSIONALS
Advisor CenterRegistered Investment AdvisorsPrivate BanksDefined Contribution PlansInstitutions 



EXCLUSIVE RESOURCES
iRetire® by BlackRockBlackRock Portfolio Solutions 







NAVIGATING THE DOL FIDUCIARY RULE

Resources for building better portfolios after the rule
















































 
 
























Select country 


Select country 

























Filter list by keyword
Show All
Show Fewer
to
of
Total
Sorry, no data available.






BIT



Multi-Sector Income Trust





Fact Sheet


Press Release

 









Fixed Income




Fact Sheet


Press Release

 





BIT



Multi-Sector Income Trust









NAV as of 25-Jul-2017


$19.73





52 WK: 18.28 - 19.74




1 Day NAV Change as of 25-Jul-2017



0.00
(0.00%)


















Market Price as of 26-Jul-2017


$18.33






1 Day Price Change as of 26-Jul-2017



0.05
(0.27%)






Distribution Rate as of 25-Jul-2017


7.66%






Premium Discount as of 25-Jul-2017


-7.35%













Overview






Investment Approach
BlackRock Multi-Sector Income Trust’s (BIT) (the 'Trust') primary investment objective is to seek high current income, with a secondary objective of
capital appreciation. The Trust seeks to achieve its investment objectives by investing, under normal market conditions, at least 80% of its assets in loan
and debt instruments and other investments with similar economic characteristics. The Trust may invest directly in such securities or synthetically through
the use of derivatives.No assurance can be given that the Trust’s investment objective will be achieved.




Next:
Previous:









Performance

 Performance




Returns








Average Annual


Cumulative


Calendar Year







as of 

30-Jun-2017 

31-May-2017 

30-Apr-2017 

31-Mar-2017 

28-Feb-2017 

31-Jan-2017 

31-Dec-2016 

30-Nov-2016 

31-Oct-2016 

30-Sep-2016 

31-Aug-2016 

31-Jul-2016 

30-Jun-2016 

31-May-2016 

30-Apr-2016 

31-Mar-2016 

29-Feb-2016 

31-Jan-2016 

31-Dec-2015 

30-Nov-2015 

31-Oct-2015 

30-Sep-2015 

31-Aug-2015 

31-Jul-2015 

30-Jun-2015 

31-May-2015 

30-Apr-2015 

31-Mar-2015 

28-Feb-2015 

31-Jan-2015 

31-Dec-2014 

30-Nov-2014 

31-Oct-2014 

30-Sep-2014 

31-Aug-2014 

31-Jul-2014 

30-Jun-2014 

31-May-2014 

30-Apr-2014 

31-Mar-2014 

28-Feb-2014 

31-Jan-2014 

31-Dec-2013 









 

1y 

3y 

5y 

10y 

Incept. Performance data for certain classes of shares of certain funds are based on pre-class inception information dating back to an older class of fund shares. This information may be considered when assessing a fund&#39;s performance, but it does not represent actual performance of these classes of shares. The inception date noted under Key Fund Facts is the date the class of shares was incepted. See fund prospectus or fact sheet for details.






NAV Total Return (%) 
Total return represents changes to the NAV and accounts for distributions from the fund.



19.81


8.72


-


-


9.98




Market Price Total Return (%) 
Market price return represents changes to the fund’s closing market price on its primary exchange and accounts for distributions from the fund.



22.46


9.36


-


-


6.92






Missing average annual returns data 







as of 

30-Jun-2017 

31-May-2017 

30-Apr-2017 

31-Mar-2017 

28-Feb-2017 

31-Jan-2017 

31-Dec-2016 

30-Nov-2016 

31-Oct-2016 

30-Sep-2016 

31-Aug-2016 

31-Jul-2016 

30-Jun-2016 

31-May-2016 

30-Apr-2016 

31-Mar-2016 

29-Feb-2016 

31-Jan-2016 

31-Dec-2015 

30-Nov-2015 

31-Oct-2015 

30-Sep-2015 

31-Aug-2015 

31-Jul-2015 

30-Jun-2015 

31-May-2015 

30-Apr-2015 

31-Mar-2015 

28-Feb-2015 

31-Jan-2015 

31-Dec-2014 

30-Nov-2014 

31-Oct-2014 

30-Sep-2014 

31-Aug-2014 

31-Jul-2014 

30-Jun-2014 

31-May-2014 

30-Apr-2014 

31-Mar-2014 

28-Feb-2014 

31-Jan-2014 

31-Dec-2013 









 
YTD
1m
1y
3y
5y
10y
Incept. Performance data for certain classes of shares of certain funds are based on pre-class inception information dating back to an older class of fund shares. This information may be considered when assessing a fund&#39;s performance, but it does not represent actual performance of these classes of shares. The inception date noted under Key Fund Facts is the date the class of shares was incepted. See fund prospectus or fact sheet for details.






NAV Total Return (%) 
Total return represents changes to the NAV and accounts for distributions from the fund.



10.43


-


19.81


28.52


-


-


51.09




Market Price Total Return (%) 
Market price return represents changes to the fund’s closing market price on its primary exchange and accounts for distributions from the fund.



13.67


-


22.46


30.78


-


-


33.68






Missing cumulative returns data 







as of 

30-Jun-2017 

31-May-2017 

30-Apr-2017 

31-Mar-2017 

28-Feb-2017 

31-Jan-2017 

31-Dec-2016 

30-Nov-2016 

31-Oct-2016 

30-Sep-2016 

31-Aug-2016 

31-Jul-2016 

30-Jun-2016 

31-May-2016 

30-Apr-2016 

31-Mar-2016 

29-Feb-2016 

31-Jan-2016 

31-Dec-2015 

30-Nov-2015 

31-Oct-2015 

30-Sep-2015 

31-Aug-2015 

31-Jul-2015 

30-Jun-2015 

31-May-2015 

30-Apr-2015 

31-Mar-2015 

28-Feb-2015 

31-Jan-2015 

31-Dec-2014 

30-Nov-2014 

31-Oct-2014 

30-Sep-2014 

31-Aug-2014 

31-Jul-2014 

30-Jun-2014 

31-May-2014 

30-Apr-2014 

31-Mar-2014 

28-Feb-2014 

31-Jan-2014 

31-Dec-2013 









 
 2012

 2013

 2014

 2015

 2016






NAV Total Return (%) 
Total return represents changes to the NAV and accounts for distributions from the fund.


-
-
10.37
3.56
12.67



Market Price Total Return (%) 
Market price return represents changes to the fund’s closing market price on its primary exchange and accounts for distributions from the fund.


-
-
6.49
3.15
16.93





Missing calendar year returns data 






The performance quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, may be worth more or less than the original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. 
Returns are shown net of advisory fees paid by the fund and net of the fund’s operating fees and expenses. Investors who purchase shares of the fund through an investment adviser or other financial professional may separately pay a fee to that service provider. Past performance is not indicative of future results.






Growth of Hypothetical $10,000 The growth of hypothetical $10,000 chart reflects a hypothetical $10,000 investment and assumes reinvestment of dividends and capital gains. Fund expenses, including management fees and other expenses were deducted.





Performance chart data not available for display.




View full chart





Performance chart data not available for display.


The performance quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares may be worth more or less than the original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted, and numbers may reflect small variances due to rounding. Standardized performance and performance data current to the most recent month end may be found in the Performance section.





Distributions 






Interactive chart displaying fund performance. Javascript is required.







View full chart



 




Recent


Calendar Year









Chart




Table









Interactive chart displaying fund performance. Javascript is required.










Custom Columns





Ex-Date 






Payable Date 






Record Date 






Total Distribution 






Return of Capital 









Ex-Date


Payable Date


Record Date


Total Distribution Current year distributions are not classified as “Income,” “Short-Term Capital Gains,” “Long-Term Capital Gains,” or “Return of Capital” until approximately 60 days following calendar year-end.


Return of Capital
















Chart




Table









Interactive chart displaying fund performance. Javascript is required.










Custom Columns





Year 






Total Distribution 









Year


Total Distribution Current year distributions are not classified as “Income,” “Short-Term Capital Gains,” “Long-Term Capital Gains,” or “Return of Capital” until calendar year-end.











Past distributions are not indicative of future distributions.

If a Fund estimates that it has distributed more than its income and net realized capital gains in the current fiscal year; a portion of its distribution may be a return of capital. A return of capital may occur, for example, when some or all of a shareholder's investment is paid back to the shareholder. A return of capital distribution does not necessarily reflect a Fund's investment performance and should not be confused with 'yield' or 'income'. When distributions exceed total return performance, the difference will reduce the Fund's net asset value per share. Although the character of income will not be determined until the end of the fund’s fiscal year, please refer to the 'Closed-End Fund Resources' section of the BlackRock website for Section 19 notices that provide estimated amounts and sources of the fund's distributions, which should not be not be relied upon for tax reporting purposes. A Form 1099-DIV for the calendar year will be sent to shareholders to illustrate how the Fund’s distributions should be reported for federal income tax purposes.


 
The performance quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares may be worth more or less than the original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted, and numbers may reflect small variances due to rounding. Standardized performance and performance data current to the most recent month end may be found in the Performance section.














Key Facts

 
Key Facts



Net Assets

as of 25-Jul-2017



$753,144,210




Managed Assets

as of 25-Jul-2017



$1,215,229,115.75




Share Class launch date




25-Feb-2013




Exchange




New York Stock Exchange Inc.




Asset Class




Fixed Income




Morningstar Category




Multisector Bond




Lipper Classification




General Bond Funds




CUSIP




09258A107




Management Fee




1.32%




Gross Expense Ratio




2.05%




Shares Outstanding

as of 25-Jul-2017



38,166,751




Number of Holdings

as of 30-Jun-2017



1,223




Premium/Discount
The amount the Fund is trading above or below the reported NAV expressed as a percentage of NAV. When the Fund’s closing price is greater than the Fund’s NAV, it is said to be trading at a &quot;Premium&quot; and the percentage is expressed as a positive number. When the Fund’s closing price is less than the Fund’s NAV, it is said to be trading at a &quot;Discount&quot; and the percentage is expressed as a negative number. Closing price is determined using the last traded price on the Fund’s listed exchange and NAV is calculated daily (usually 4:00pm eastern time).

as of 25-Jul-2017



-7.35%




3m Avg Volume

as of 31-Jul-2015



96,240.00









Portfolio Characteristics 

 
Portfolio Characteristics 



Distribution Rate
The annual yield an investor would receive if the most recent fund distribution and current fund price stayed the same going forward. It is calculated by annualizing the most recent distribution and dividing by the fund&#39;s market price from the as-of-date. The distribution rate may include a return of capital. Please refer to the &quot;Closed-End Fund Resources&quot; section of the BlackRock website for Section 19 notices that provide estimated amounts and sources of the fund&#39;s distributions, which should not be relied upon for tax reporting purposes.

as of 25-Jul-2017



7.66%




Yield to Worst
The average rate of return of the portfolio at current market prices, adjusting for optionality.

as of 30-Jun-2017



8.36%




Effective Duration
Effective Duration measures the sensitivity of the price of a bond with or without embedded options to changes in interest rates, taking into account the likelihood of the bond being called, put and/or sunk prior to its final maturity date while incorporating after-tax impacts on the bond. The options-based duration model used by BlackRock employs certain assumptions and may differ from other fund complexes. Effective Duration is measured at the individual bond level, aggregated to the portfolio level, and adjusted for leverage, hedging transactions and non-bond holdings, including derivatives.

as of 30-Jun-2017



3.48 yrs




WAL to Worst
The weighted average time to receipt of principal, adjusting for embedding optionality.

as of 30-Jun-2017



11.25 yrs




Leverage
The amount of borrowed funds used to purchase assets in order to enhance returns.

as of 30-Jun-2017



$450,576,258.00




% Leveraged
The relative amount of total managed assets financed through leverage.

as of 30-Jun-2017



37.62%




% AMT Bonds
Amount of assets in the portfolio that are Alternative Minimum Tax bonds, relative to the total managed assets. These are bonds subject to the federal alternative minimum tax, a separate tax computation that creates a tax liability after allowed deductions.

as of 30-Jun-2017



0.00%




% Insured
Amount of assets in the portfolio that have their principal and interest backed by an additional entity in the form of insurance, relative to the total managed assets.

as of 30-Jun-2017



0.33%















 Ratings

















Holdings 

 Holdings 




Top





as of 30-Jun-2017






Name


Weight (%)






AVIRON CAPITAL LLC


2.55




ARGENTINA REPUBLIC OF GOVERNMENT


1.89




FHLT_06-A-2A3


1.28




RUSSIAN FEDERATION


1.17




BANK OF AMERICA CORP


1.07








Name


Weight (%)






FIRSTAR REALTY LLC


1.05




GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC/THE


1.03




TURKEY (REPUBLIC OF)


1.01




MSRR_10-R5-7B


0.98




CWHL_06-3-1A1


0.92





















Exposure Breakdowns

 

Exposure Breakdowns 



Geography


Sector


Industry


Maturity


Currency


Credit Quality








Countries


Regions









as of 30-Jun-2017


% of Market Value







Type
Fund



Show All
Show Fewer












as of 30-Jun-2017


% of Market Value







Type
Fund



Show All
Show Fewer
















as of 30-Jun-2017


% of Market Value







Type
Fund



Show All
Show Fewer















as of 30-Jun-2017


% of Market Value







Type
Fund



Show All
Show Fewer














as of 30-Jun-2017


% of Market Value







Type
Fund



Show All
Show Fewer













as of 30-Jun-2017


% of Market Value







Type
Fund



Show All
Show Fewer













as of 30-Jun-2017


% of Market Value







Type
Fund



Show All
Show Fewer






The fund itself has not been rated by an independent rating agency. Credit quality ratings on underlying securities of the fund are received from S&P, Moody’s and Fitch and converted to the equivalent S&P major rating category. This breakdown is provided by BlackRock and takes the median rating of the three agencies when all three agencies rate a security the lower of the two ratings if only two agencies rate a security and one rating if that is all that is provided. Unrated securities do not necessarily indicate low quality. Below investment-grade is represented by a rating of BB and below. Ratings and portfolio credit quality may change over time.





Negative weightings may result from specific circumstances (including timing differences between trade and settle dates of securities purchased by the funds) and/or the use of certain financial instruments, including derivatives, which may be used to gain or reduce market exposure and/or risk management.

Allocations are subject to change.































Portfolio Managers

 Portfolio Managers









Thomas Musmanno, CFA

Managing Director

  


Read More


Thomas Musmanno, CFA, Managing Director, is Head of Short Duration within the Multi-Sector Institutional division of Americas Fixed Income Alpha Strategies.
 
Mr. Musmanno's service with the firm dates back to 1991, including his years with Merrill Lynch Investment Managers (MLIM), which merged with BlackRock in 2006. At MLIM, he was a fixed income and money market portfolio manager. Mr. Musmanno joined MLIM in 1991 as an analyst and held a variety of positions, including fixed income research analyst in trust accounting in Merrill Lynch's Private Client Group.
 
Mr. Musmanno earned a BS degree in finance in 1991 from Siena College and an MBA degree in finance from St. John's University in 1993.









Akiva Dickstein

Managing Director, Head of Customized Multi-Sector Portfolios

    


Read More


Akiva Dickstein, Managing Director, is Head of Customized Core Portfolios within BlackRock's Americas Fixed Income Alpha Strategies and a member of the Americas Fixed Income Executive Team. Prior to his current role, he was the lead manager for the firm's mortgage portfolios.
 
Before joining BlackRock in 2009, Mr. Dickstein spent eight years at Merrill Lynch, where he served as Managing Director and head of the U.S. Rates & Structured Credit Research Group. He was responsible for the team that produced MBS, ABS, CMBS, Treasuries, swaps, and interest rate derivatives research. Mr. Dickstein's publications on MBS strategy included the weekly Mortgage Investor as well as numerous lengthier articles on topics such as optimal loan modifications, the valuation of credit-sensitive MBS and ABS, and the pricing of mortgage derivatives, options, and pass-throughs. In addition, he developed Merrill's prepayment models for fixed rate and hybrid MBS. From 1993 to 2001, Mr. Dickstein was with Lehman Brothers, most recently as a Senior Vice President in Mortgage Derivatives Trading. In this role, he traded mortgage derivatives and developed Lehman's credit default model. He joined Lehman as a mortgage and asset-backed securities analyst and was named to Institutional Investor's All American Fixed Income Research Team in pass-throughs, non-agency mortgages, and asset-backed securities.
 
Mr. Dickstein earned a BA degree in economics, summa cum laude, from Yale University in 1990, and an MA degree in physics from Princeton University in 1993.









Randy Robertson






Portfolio Manager







Literature

 
Literature
 

























 


 

 

 

 

 





Products 

Mutual Funds
iShares ETFs
Closed End Funds
Equity
Fixed Income
Multi-Asset
Managed Accounts
Target Date Funds
Variable Insurance Funds
529 College Saving Plans
Alternative Investments
Cash and Liquidity Products
Closed End Funds Resources
Model Portfolios
BlackRock Index Services




Insights 

Featured Insights
Economic Outlook
Fixed Income
Equities
Multi-Asset
Balance Portfolios with Bonds
Rethink Your Income Strategy
Narrow the Growth Gap
Factor Investing
Sustainable Investing




Retirement 

Retirement Fundamentals
BlackRock Retirement Institute




Resources 

Account Access
Forms and Applications
Literature
Share Classes and Loads
Tax Information
Education
Tools and Calculators




Financial Professionals 

Advisor Center
Registered Investment Advisors
Private Banks
Defined Contribution Plans
Institutions
iRetire® by BlackRock
BlackRock Portfolio Solutions


















Contact Us


Terms & Conditions


Privacy Policy


Business Continuity


Press Center


Careers


FINRA BrokerCheck






© 2017 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved.






Important Information

 

Carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risk factors, and charges and expenses before investing. This and other information can be found in the Funds' prospectuses which may be obtained by visiting the SEC Edgar database. Read the prospectus carefully before investing.


Common shares for most of the closed-end funds identified above are only available for purchase and sale at current market price on a stock exchange. A closed-end fund’s dividend yield, market price and NAV will fluctuate with market conditions. The information for these funds is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell Fund shares.


Performance results reflect past performance and are no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data quoted. All returns assume reinvestment of all dividends. The market value and net asset value (NAV) of a fund's shares will fluctuate with market conditions. Closed-end funds may trade at a premium to NAV but often trade at a discount.  The fund is actively managed and its characteristics will vary. Stock and bond values fluctuate in price so the value of your investment can go down depending on market conditions. International investing involves special risks including, but not limited to political risks, currency fluctuations, illiquidity and volatility. These risks may be heightened for investments in emerging markets. Fixed income risks include interest-rate and credit risk. Typically, when interest rates rise, there is a corresponding decline in bond values. Credit risk refers to the possibility that the bond issuer will not be able to make principal and interest payments. Principal of mortgage- or asset-backed securities normally may be prepaid at any time, reducing the yield and market value of those securities. Obligations of US govt. agencies are supported by varying degrees of credit but generally are not backed by the full faith and credit of the US govt. Non-investment-grade debt securities (high-yield/junk bonds) may be subject to greater market fluctuations, risk of default or loss of income and principal than higher rated securities. Investments in emerging markets may be considered speculative and are more likely to experience hyperinflation and currency devaluations, which adversely affect returns. In addition, many emerging securities markets have lower trading volumes and less liquidity. The fund may use derivatives to hedge its investments or to seek to enhance returns. Derivatives entail risks relating to liquidity, leverage and credit that may reduce returns and increase volatility. There is no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective. The Fund is subject to numerous risks, including investment risks. Shares of closed-end funds often trade at a discount from their net asset value. The Fund is not a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in the Fund. An investment in the Fund may not be appropriate for all investors.  The amounts and sources of distributions reported in any notices are only estimates and are not being provided for tax reporting purposes. The actual amounts and sources of the amounts for tax reporting purposes will depend upon the Fund's investment experience during the remainder of its fiscal year and may be subject to change based on tax regulations. The Fund will send a Form 1099-DIV for the calendar year that will tell how to report these distributions for federal income tax purposes. Yields are based on income earned for the period cited and on the Fund's NAV at the end of the end of the period.  Some investors may be subject to the alternative minimum tax (AMT).   Some BlackRock funds make distributions of ordinary income and capital gains at calendar year end. Those distributions temporarily cause extraordinarily high yields. There is no assurance that a fund will repeat that yield in the future. Subsequent monthly distributions that do not include ordinary income or capital gains in the form of dividends will likely be lower.


The Funds are distributed by BlackRock Investments, LLC (together with its affiliates, “BlackRock”).


©2016 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved. BLACKROCK and BUILD ON BLACKROCK are registered and unregistered trademarks of BlackRock, Inc or its subsidiaries in the United States and elsewhere. All other trademarks are those of their respective owners.


CEF-0248





















Multisector Income Fund (I) (EVBIX) | Eaton Vance Funds































































Use of cookies by Eaton Vance Management (International) LimitedWe use cookies to deliver our online services. Details and instructions on how to disable those cookies are set out here. By continuing to use this website you agree to our use of our cookies unless you have disabled them.accept cookies














Go to:


Eaton Vance U.S. Home

Eaton Vance U.S. HomeU.S Institutions HomeEaton Vance U.S. FundsU.S. Charitable HomeOffshore HomeGlobal Home













InvestorAccount Access 
Investment Professional Sign In










Multisector Income Fund (I)1 


An opportunistic multi-sector bond strategy.



I

A
C
I
R
R6

Share Class




EVBIX
Symbol



$10.88
$0.00


NAV as of Jul 25, 2017





Relateddocuments



 Fact SheetJun 30, 2017


 CommentaryJun 30, 2017


 AttributionJun 30, 2017


 Multisector Income Fund Monthly UpdateJun 30, 2017







Flexible, Opportunistic Approach
A broad ensemble of global income investments, the Fund seeks value opportunities across both traditional investment-grade and high-yield bond sectors and nontraditional asset classes, including convertibles, preferred stocks, non-U.S. sovereign and corp orate debt and floating-rate loans. The Fund can explore the entire income universe.



Emphasis on “Bond Picking”
Bond market veteran Kathleen Gaffney leads an experienced management team in executing a process centered upon “bond picking” in a bottom-up, value style. Nimbleness in bond markets may allow the team to move quickly to capitalize on value op portunities in pursuit of the Fund’s total return objective. Risk and return are a focus.



Complementary Portfolio Fit
The Fund may provide counterbalance to traditional bond strategies, as investments have historically been driven by issuer-specific fundamentals over general macroeconomic factors. This emphasis may lessen the Fund’s sensitivity to traditional bond  market risks, such as fluctuations in interest rates. As a result, the Fund may complement investor portfolios.







 

 OverviewGenerate total return employing an opportunistic approach to global fixed income with a value-oriented discipline.




Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017


























Annualized



1 Mo.
3 Mos.
YTD
1 Yr.
3 Yrs.
5 Yrs.
Life of Fund


 
Fund at NAV
0.99
1.75
6.50
17.04
1.34
—
5.05


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Government/Credit Bond Index2
0.03
1.69
2.66
-0.41
2.61
2.29
2.30





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market vola tility, the Fund’s current performance may be lower or higher than quoted. Returns are historical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in net asset value (NAV) with all distributions reinvested. Returns for other classes of share s offered by the Fund are different. Performance less than or equal to one year is cumulative. The share class has no sales charge.






Fund Factsas of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Class I Inception
01/31/2013


Investment Objective
Total return


Total Net Assets
$520.5M


Minimum Investment
$250000


Expense Ratio3
0.72%


CUSIP
277905220







Portfolio Management




 
Kathleen C. Gaffney, CFA


Managed Fund since inception


Henry Peabody, CFA


Managed Fund since 2014






Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


About Risk: 
An imbalance in supply and demand in the income market may result in valuation uncertainties and greater volatility, less liquidity, widening credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in the market. Investments rated below investment grade (typical ly referred to as "junk") are generally subject to greater price volatility and illiquidity than higher-rated investments. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse m arket, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. In emerging countries, these risks may be more significant. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. Bank loans are subject to prepayme nt risk. Investments in income securities may be affected by changes in the creditworthiness of the issuer and are subject to the risk of nonpayment of principal and interest. The value of income securities also may decline because of real or perceived c oncerns about the issuer's ability to make principal and interest payments. Convertible securities may react to changes in the value of the common stock into which they convert, and are thus subject to the risks of investing in equities. When interest ra tes rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. A nondiversified fund may be subject to greater risk by investing in a smaller number of investments tha n a diversified fund. The Fund's returns are expected to be more volatile than those of its benchmark. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve  additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. Prior to 7/18/16, Fund was called Eaton Vance Bond Fund.
2. Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Government/Credit Bond Index measures the performance of U.S. Treasuries, government-related and investment-grade U.S. corporate securities with a maturity of one year or more. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect  the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverage, as applicable. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or futu re performance of the fund.
3. Source: Fund prospectus.
 Performance

Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017


























Annualized



1 Mo.
3 Mos.
YTD
1 Yr.
3 Yrs.
5 Yrs.
Life of Fund


 
Fund at NAV
0.99
1.75
6.50
17.04
1.34
—
5.05


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Government/Credit Bond Index2
0.03
1.69
2.66
-0.41
2.61
2.29
2.30


Morningstar Multisector Bond Category4
0.17
1.69
3.81
6.09
2.52
4.18
—





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market vola tility, the Fund’s current performance may be lower or higher than quoted. Returns are historical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in net asset value (NAV) with all distributions reinvested. Returns for other classes of share s offered by the Fund are different. Performance less than or equal to one year is cumulative. The share class has no sales charge.






Calendar Year Returns (%)







2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016


 
Fund at NAV
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
5.02
-17.01
22.42


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Government/Credit Bond Index2
7.23
5.70
4.52
6.59
8.74
4.82
-2.35
6.01
0.15
3.05







Fund Facts




 
Expense Ratio3
0.72%


Class I Inception
01/31/2013


Distribution Frequency
Monthly







Yield Information5as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Distribution Rate at NAV
3.96%


SEC 30-day Yield
3.65%







NAV History






Date
NAV
NAV Change


 
Jul 25, 2017
$10.88
$0.00


Jul 24, 2017
$10.88
-$0.01


Jul 21, 2017
$10.89
$0.01


Jul 20, 2017
$10.88
$0.01


Jul 19, 2017
$10.87
$0.01


Jul 18, 2017
$10.86
$0.04


Jul 17, 2017
$10.82
$0.01


Jul 14, 2017
$10.81
$0.04


Jul 13, 2017
$10.77
$0.02


Jul 12, 2017
$10.75
$0.06







Distribution History6






Ex-Date
Distribution
Reinvest NAV


 
Jun 29, 2017
$0.03530
$10.70


May 30, 2017
$0.03080
$10.63


Apr 27, 2017
$0.02860
$10.64


Mar 30, 2017
$0.03030
$10.61


Feb 27, 2017
$0.02100
$10.62


Jan 30, 2017
$0.02540
$10.52


Dec 29, 2016
$0.02320
$10.20


Nov 29, 2016
$0.02380
$9.90


Oct 28, 2016
$0.02190
$9.96


Sep 29, 2016
$0.02250
$9.94





View All






No records in this table indicates that there has not been a distribution greater than .0001 within the past 3 years. Fund prospectus






Capital Gain History6






Ex-Date
Short-Term
Long-Term
Reinvest NAV


 
Dec 30, 2014
$0.00030
$0.00500
$10.74





No records in this table indicates that there has not been a capital gain greater than .0001 within the past 3 years. Fund prospectus





Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


About Risk: 
An imbalance in supply and demand in the income market may result in valuation uncertainties and greater volatility, less liquidity, widening credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in the market. Investments rated below investment grade (typical ly referred to as "junk") are generally subject to greater price volatility and illiquidity than higher-rated investments. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse m arket, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. In emerging countries, these risks may be more significant. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. Bank loans are subject to prepayme nt risk. Investments in income securities may be affected by changes in the creditworthiness of the issuer and are subject to the risk of nonpayment of principal and interest. The value of income securities also may decline because of real or perceived c oncerns about the issuer's ability to make principal and interest payments. Convertible securities may react to changes in the value of the common stock into which they convert, and are thus subject to the risks of investing in equities. When interest ra tes rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. A nondiversified fund may be subject to greater risk by investing in a smaller number of investments tha n a diversified fund. The Fund's returns are expected to be more volatile than those of its benchmark. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve  additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



2. Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Government/Credit Bond Index measures the performance of U.S. Treasuries, government-related and investment-grade U.S. corporate securities with a maturity of one year or more. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect  the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverage, as applicable. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or futu re performance of the fund.
3. Source: Fund prospectus.
4. The Morningstar Multisector Bond Category includes funds that invest in multiple fixed income sectors including government, corporate, and non U.S. with typically 35-65% in bonds rated below investment grade.
5. SEC 30-day yield is a standardized measure based on the estimated yield to maturity of a fund's investments over a 30-day period and is based on the maximum offer price at the date specified. The SEC 30-day yield is not based on the distributions made by  the fund, which may differ. Distribution Rate at NAV is calculated by dividing the last distribution paid per share (annualized) by NAV. The Fund's monthly distribution may be comprised of ordinary income, net realized capital gains and returns of capit al.
6. A portion of the Fund's returns may be comprised of return of capital or short term capital gains. The Fund will determine the tax characteristics of all Fund distributions after the end of the calendar year and will provide shareholders such information  at that time. Please consult your tax advisor for further information.
 Portfolio

Asset Mix (%)7as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Non-U.S. Dollar Bonds Developed Countries
20.49


High Yield Credit
17.60


Investment Grade Credit
17.32


Cash/Reserves
12.87


Non-U.S. Dollar Bonds Emerging Markets
10.87


Securitized
7.48


Equities
7.05


Convertibles
5.08


Floating-Rate Loans
1.21


Preferreds
0.01


Total
100.00







Portfolio Statisticsas of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Number of Issuers
75


Number of Holdings
95


Average Coupon
5.01%


Average Maturity
11.81 yrs.


Effective Duration
4.91 yrs.


Average Price
$88.15







Credit Quality (%)7as of  Jun 30, 2017






















 
AAA
13.39


AA
4.11


A
9.72


BBB
28.34


BB
11.34


B
4.78


CCC or Lower
5.78


Not Rated
2.63


Cash
12.87


Equity
7.05





Ratings are based on Moody's, S&P or Fitch, as applicable. If securities are rated differently by the ratings agencies, the higher rating is applied. Ratings, which are subject to change, apply to the creditworthiness of the issuers of the underlying sec urities and not to the Fund or its shares. Credit ratings measure the quality of a bond based on the issuer's creditworthiness, with ratings ranging from AAA, being the highest, to D, being the lowest based on S&P's measures. Ratings of BBB or higher by  S&P or Fitch (Baa or higher by Moody's) are considered to be investment-grade quality. Credit ratings are based largely on the ratings agency's analysis at the time of rating. The rating assigned to any particular security is not necessarily a reflection  of the issuer's current financial condition and does not necessarily reflect its assessment of the volatility of a security's market value or of the liquidity of an investment in the security. Holdings designated as "Not Rated" are not rated by the nati onal ratings agencies stated above.






Maturity Distribution (%)8as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Less Than 1 Year
0.00


1 To 3 Years
15.27


3 To 5 Years
20.47


5 To 10 Years
29.53


10 To 20 Years
9.76


20 To 30 Years
15.60


More Than 30 Years
9.36


Total
100.00







Currency Exposure (%)7as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
United States Dollar
67.19


Canadian Dollar
9.05


Australian Dollar
6.27


New Zealand Dollar
5.26


Mexican Peso
5.07


Indian Rupee
2.23


Brazilian Real
2.12


Indonesian Rupiah
1.13


Danish Krone
0.67


Euro
0.53


Colombian Peso
0.33


Japanese Yen
0.15







Assets by Country (%)9as of  Jun 30, 2017






















 
United States
58.06


Canada
10.21


Mexico
6.94


Brazil
5.28


Australia
4.11


Colombia
2.59


Netherlands
2.54


Austria
2.18


United Kingdom
2.05


Other
1.38





View All








Fund Holdings7,10as of  May 31, 2017







Holding
Coupon Rate
Maturity Date
% of Net Assets


 
EV Cash Reserves Fund LLC
0.00%

15.83%


Canada Housing Trust No 1
1.25%
06/15/2021
3.22%


Queensland Treasury Corp
5.50%
06/21/2021
2.53%


Mexican Bonos
7.75%
05/29/2031
2.48%


Canadian Government Bond
0.75%
03/01/2021
2.35%


Canada Housing Trust No 1
3.80%
06/15/2021
2.32%


US Dollars


2.27%


America Movil SAB de CV
6.45%
12/05/2022
2.20%


Ford Motor Credit Co LLC
4.05%
12/10/2018
2.03%


Brazil Notas do Tesouro Nacional Serie F
10.00%
01/01/2025
2.02%





View All







Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


About Risk: 
An imbalance in supply and demand in the income market may result in valuation uncertainties and greater volatility, less liquidity, widening credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in the market. Investments rated below investment grade (typical ly referred to as "junk") are generally subject to greater price volatility and illiquidity than higher-rated investments. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse m arket, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. In emerging countries, these risks may be more significant. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. Bank loans are subject to prepayme nt risk. Investments in income securities may be affected by changes in the creditworthiness of the issuer and are subject to the risk of nonpayment of principal and interest. The value of income securities also may decline because of real or perceived c oncerns about the issuer's ability to make principal and interest payments. Convertible securities may react to changes in the value of the common stock into which they convert, and are thus subject to the risks of investing in equities. When interest ra tes rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. A nondiversified fund may be subject to greater risk by investing in a smaller number of investments tha n a diversified fund. The Fund's returns are expected to be more volatile than those of its benchmark. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve  additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



7. Percent of total net assets.
8. Percent of bond holdings.
9. Percentage of total market value.
10. The following list reflects unaudited securities holdings (excluding derivatives positions).  Holdings information may differ if presented as of trade date.  Due to rounding, holdings of less than 0.005% may show as 0.00%. Portfolio information subject t o change due to active management.
 Insights & Analysis  Commentary
A Word On The Markets as of  Mar 31, 2017
Market conditions were largely favorable for risk assets in the first quarter. At the start of the three-month period, improving economic data around the globe supported financial markets, even as political noise increased uncertainty over future monetar y and fiscal policy in the U.S. and abroad. Following the presidential inauguration of Donald Trump on January 20, market participants watched for signs that Trump's campaign promises of lower taxes, decreased regulation and infrastructure spending would  quickly become reality.
With volatility subdued in February, nearly every asset class across global markets posted a positive return for the month. Equities, credit, oil and other commodities, and interest rates generally gained during the month. In the U.S., economic readings  remained strong enough to generate more hawkish rhetoric from Federal Reserve officials. In Europe, economic data also remained positive, although upcoming elections and Greece's financial position generated a cautious backdrop.
Monetary policy changes and global politics drove volatility in March, yet most major asset classes finished nearly unchanged for the month amid investor uncertainty. In the U.S., the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) hiked rates for the second time i n three months, citing a strengthening labor market. Elsewhere, the Republican health-care plan failed to garner enough support in the House of Representatives and was ultimately pulled at the end of the month. As Republicans quickly pivoted to tax refor m, investors seemed skeptical Congress would have the ability to make substantial legislative changes.
For the quarter, the yield curve flattened, with short-term Treasury yields rising and long-term yields holding steady. The Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index11 returned 0.82%. The high-yield market had a positive quarter, as the BofA Merrill Ly nch U.S. High Yield Index12 returned 2.71% for the period, although the asset class lost some steam in early March. U.S. equities had positive performance for the quarter; the S&P 500 Index13 returned 6.07% for the period. Commodities, as measured by  the Bloomberg Commodity Index,14 returned -2.33% for the quarter. Overseas, emerging-market debt also ended the quarter with strong positive returns, as the U.S. dollar was broadly weaker against many global currencies.


Performance Summary 
Eaton Vance Multisector Income Fund (the Fund) outperformed its benchmark, the Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Government/Corporate Bond Index (the Index),2 at net asset value (NAV) for the quarter.

The Fund's allocation to high-yield credit contributed the most to performance relative to the Index during the quarter. Exposure to non-U.S.- dollar emerging-market bonds was also beneficial to relative performance.
Exposure to equities was a slight drag on performance relative to the Index during the period.
On currencies, the Fund's exposure to the Mexican peso and Australian dollar benefited the Fund's relative performance.




Historical Returns (%)as of  Mar 31, 2017









Annualized



1 Mo.
3 Mos.
YTD
1 Yr.
3 Yrs.
5 Yrs.
Life of Fund


 
Fund at NAV
0.29
4.67
4.67
22.86
2.37
—
4.92


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Government/Credit Bond Index2
-0.09
0.96
0.96
0.54
2.69
2.46
2.03





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market vola tility, the Fund’s current performance may be lower or higher than quoted. Returns are historical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in net asset value (NAV) with all distributions reinvested. Returns for other classes of share s offered by the Fund are different. Performance less than or equal to one year is cumulative. The share class has no sales charge.






Fund Factsas of  Mar 31, 2017





 
Class I Inception
01/31/2013


Expense Ratio3
0.72%






Contributors 
Factors contributing to the Fund's relative performance compared to the Index during the quarter:

The Fund's allocation to high-yield contributed the most to performance relative to the Index during the quarter. Exposure to non-U.S.-dollar emerging-market bonds was also beneficial to relative performance.
Security selection among investment-grade credit aided the Fund's performance relative to the Index. Security selection among high yield was also beneficial.
Exposure to the Mexican peso and Australian dollar benefited Fund performance relative to the Index.



Detractors 
Factors detracting from the Fund's relative performance compared to the Index during the quarter:

Exposure to equities was a slight drag on performance relative to the Index during the period.
The Fund's cash position was a relative detractor for the period.



Investment Outlook And Fund Positioning 
Management believes the markets remain in an extended period of transition. Global growth trends will remain in focus and fundamentals are likely to remain positive, in our view. However, volatility is set to increase, particularly due to increased polit ical noise.
We think investors should keep an eye toward increasing inflation and watch for the signs that fiscal spending and reform are picking up while being nimble in navigating risks and capitalizing on volatility. Valuations appear stretched to us, so we want  the Fund's credit exposure to be broad. We continue to hold cash as dry powder to use when volatility provides us with value opportunities.



Top 10 Holdings (%)as of  Mar 31, 2017





 
U.S. Treasury Bonds
5.24


Canada Housing Trust
3.33


Chesapeake
2.67


Queensland Treasury Corp
2.64


Mexican Bonos
2.54


Canadian Government
2.43


Canada Housing Trust
2.40


Petrobras Global Finance BV
2.34


America Movil SA
2.24


Brasil Telecom SA
2.22


Total
28.04







Credit Quality (%)7as of  Mar 31, 2017





 
AAA
18.97


AA
4.08


A
10.04


BBB
29.30


BB
12.77


B
4.96


CCC or Lower
8.07


Not Rated
1.55


Cash
4.00


Equity
6.25





Ratings are based on Moody's, S&P or Fitch, as applicable. If securities are rated differently by the ratings agencies, the higher rating is applied. Ratings, which are subject to change, apply to the creditworthiness of the issuers of the underlying sec urities and not to the Fund or its shares. Credit ratings measure the quality of a bond based on the issuer's creditworthiness, with ratings ranging from AAA, being the highest, to D, being the lowest based on S&P's measures. Ratings of BBB or higher by  S&P or Fitch (Baa or higher by Moody's) are considered to be investment-grade quality. Credit ratings are based largely on the ratings agency's analysis at the time of rating. The rating assigned to any particular security is not necessarily a reflection  of the issuer's current financial condition and does not necessarily reflect its assessment of the volatility of a security's market value or of the liquidity of an investment in the security. Holdings designated as "Not Rated" are not rated by the nati onal ratings agencies stated above.





The views expressed in this report are those of portfolio manager(s) and are current only through the date stated at the top of this page. These views are subject to change at any time based upon market or other conditions, and Eaton Vance disclaims any  responsibility to update such views. These views may not be relied upon as investment advice and, because investment decisions are based on many factors, may not be relied upon as an indication of trading intent on behalf of any Eaton Vance fund. This co mmentary may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as "forward looking statements". The Fund's actual future results may differ significantly from those stated in any forward-looking statement, depending on factors such  as changes in securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of investment advisory, administrative and service contracts, and other risks discussed from time to time in  the Fund's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.


Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


About Risk: 
An imbalance in supply and demand in the income market may result in valuation uncertainties and greater volatility, less liquidity, widening credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in the market. Investments rated below investment grade (typical ly referred to as "junk") are generally subject to greater price volatility and illiquidity than higher-rated investments. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse m arket, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. In emerging countries, these risks may be more significant. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. Bank loans are subject to prepayme nt risk. Investments in income securities may be affected by changes in the creditworthiness of the issuer and are subject to the risk of nonpayment of principal and interest. The value of income securities also may decline because of real or perceived c oncerns about the issuer's ability to make principal and interest payments. Convertible securities may react to changes in the value of the common stock into which they convert, and are thus subject to the risks of investing in equities. When interest ra tes rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. A nondiversified fund may be subject to greater risk by investing in a smaller number of investments tha n a diversified fund. The Fund's returns are expected to be more volatile than those of its benchmark. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve  additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.

  Attribution
Attribution available in Fund Literature tab.


Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


About Risk: 
An imbalance in supply and demand in the income market may result in valuation uncertainties and greater volatility, less liquidity, widening credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in the market. Investments rated below investment grade (typical ly referred to as "junk") are generally subject to greater price volatility and illiquidity than higher-rated investments. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse m arket, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. In emerging countries, these risks may be more significant. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. Bank loans are subject to prepayme nt risk. Investments in income securities may be affected by changes in the creditworthiness of the issuer and are subject to the risk of nonpayment of principal and interest. The value of income securities also may decline because of real or perceived c oncerns about the issuer's ability to make principal and interest payments. Convertible securities may react to changes in the value of the common stock into which they convert, and are thus subject to the risks of investing in equities. When interest ra tes rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. A nondiversified fund may be subject to greater risk by investing in a smaller number of investments tha n a diversified fund. The Fund's returns are expected to be more volatile than those of its benchmark. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve  additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



2. Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Government/Credit Bond Index measures the performance of U.S. Treasuries, government-related and investment-grade U.S. corporate securities with a maturity of one year or more. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect  the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverage, as applicable. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or futu re performance of the fund.
3. Source: Fund prospectus.
7. Percent of total net assets.
11. Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index is an unmanaged index of domestic investment-grade bonds, including corporate, government and mortgage-backed securities. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sale s charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverage, as applicable. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund.
12. BofA Merrill Lynch U.S. High Yield Index is an unmanaged index of below-investment grade U.S. corporate bonds. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverage, as  applicable. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund. BofA Merrill Lynch™ indices not for redistribution or ot her uses; provided "as is", without warranties, and with no liability.  Eaton Vance has prepared this report, BofAML does not endorse it, or guarantee, review, or endorse Eaton Vance's products.
13. S&P 500 Index is an unmanaged index of large-cap stocks commonly used as a measure of U.S. stock market performance. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverag e, as applicable. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund.
14. Bloomberg Commodity Index Total Return is designed to provide diversified commodity exposure, with weightings based on each underlying commodity's liquidity and economic significance. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of an y applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverage, as applicable. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of  the fund.
 Management
Biography


Kathleen C. Gaffney, CFA
Vice President, Eaton Vance Management
Joined Eaton Vance 2012


Kathleen Gaffney is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management, director of diversified fixed income and lead portfolio manager for Eaton Vance’s multisector bond and core plus bond strategies. She is responsible for buy and sell decisions and port folio construction. She joined Eaton Vance in 2012.
Kathleen began her career in the investment management industry in 1984. Before joining Eaton Vance, Kathleen was a vice president of Loomis, Sayles & Company and portfolio manager for its fixed-income group, managing a variety of mutual funds and instit utional strategies.
Kathleen earned a B.A. from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. She is a CFA charterholder. Her commentary has appeared in The Wall Street Journal, the Financial Times, Institutional Investor, Bloomberg and The New York Times, among other outlets.  She has made appearances on Bloomberg TV, Bloomberg Radio and CNBC.


Education

B.A. University of Massachusetts, Amherst


Experience

Managed Fund since inception




Other funds managed

Core Plus Bond Fund


 



Biography


Henry Peabody, CFA
Vice President, Eaton Vance Management
Joined Eaton Vance 2013


Henry Peabody is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management and a portfolio manager for Eaton Vance’s multisector bond and core plus bond strategies. He is also a credit analyst on Eaton Vance’s diversified fixed-income team, supporting core  investment-grade, cash management and multisector products. He joined Eaton Vance in 2013.
Henry began his career in the investment management industry in 2001. Before joining Eaton Vance, he was a credit analyst with Merganser Capital Management. He was previously affiliated with Emerson Investment Management.
Henry earned a B.A. from Trinity College and an MBA from the Carroll School of Management at Boston College. He is a member of the Boston Security Analysts Society and is a CFA charterholder.


Education

B.A. Trinity College
M.B.A. Boston College


Experience

Managed Fund since 2014




Other funds managed

Core Plus Bond Fund


 




 
Literature
Literature

Fact Sheet
Download
 - Last updated: Jun 30, 2017



Commentary
Download
 - Last updated: Jun 30, 2017



Attribution
Download
 - Last updated: Jun 30, 2017



Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 31, 2016



Full Prospectus
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 1, 2017



Holdings-1st or 3rd fiscal quarters-www.sec.gov
Download




Eaton Vance Launches New Eaton Vance Bond Fund with Lead Manager Kathleen Gaffney, CFA
Download
 - Last updated: Jan 31, 2013



SAI
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 1, 2017



Semi-Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Apr 30, 2017



Summary Prospectus
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 1, 2017



XBRL
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 15, 2017












 

Access Advisor Resources
Get exclusive access to timely materials:

Eaton Vance Thought Leadership
Insights and Conference Calls
Notifications of Document Updates

Sign In
    or Register 




 
Related Content
Multisector Income Fund Monthly UpdateJun 30, 2017 
Find Other Products

Related Products
Short Duration Strategic Income Fund
Core Bond Fund
High Income Opportunities Fund
Income Fund of Boston



Spotlight Products
Municipal Opportunities Fund
Atlanta Capital Select Equity Fund
Floating-Rate Municipal Income Fund
High Yield Municipal Income Fund
National Municipal Income Fund
Short Duration Strategic Income Fund
Balanced Fund
TABS Short-Term Municipal Bond Fund
TABS Intermediate-Term Municipal Bond Fund
Multisector Income Fund
Parametric Emerging Markets Fund
High Income Opportunities Fund
Income Fund of Boston
Parametric International Equity Fund
Floating-Rate & High Income Fund
Floating-Rate Advantage Fund
Floating-Rate Fund
Tax-Managed Growth Fund 1.2
TABS 5-to-15 Year Laddered Municipal Bond Fund
Richard Bernstein All Asset Strategy Fund
Richard Bernstein Equity Strategy Fund
Global Macro Absolute Return Advantage Fund
Global Macro Absolute Return Fund


Products listed in the Find Other Products section may have different investment objective(s), risks, and charges and expenses.

 








Twitter @EatonVance
Eaton Vance on LinkedIn
Eaton Vanceon Facebook
Subscriptions
EmailPrint
Site Survey






Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.



Remember Me



I Do Not Accept
Ok




Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.


I Do Not Accept
Ok





 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-800-836-2414. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this Eaton Vance website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-800-836-2414.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. Your subscriptions can be managed on your profile page. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all Eaton Vance email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Simply enter your e-mail address to register.


Company Email:


Cancel
Already have an account? Sign In.

If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Register for more access and control.

Elevate your business practice with materials from the Advisor Institute.
Learn more with exclusive videos, conference calls, and the latest insights.
Follow products, get product notifications, and manage your Eaton Vance communications.












Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage 
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from Eaton Vance.
Here's the link:Multisector Income Fund (I) (EVBIX)
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://funds.eatonvance.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 






Site Disclaimer


You are about to enter the   website for .


This is your selected location and role:





This is your selected location:



Please select your role:







I Do Not Accept
I Accept






Disclaimer


The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
By clicking the box below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the Fund (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes).

GENERAL DISCLAIMER
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.
This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.
Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, administrative and service contracts, and other risks.
QIAIF DISCLAIMER
The Fund is an umbrella fund of the Eaton Vance Institutional Funds plc (the "Company"), a public limited company with variable capital with segregated liability between sub-funds incorporated in Ireland pursuant to the Companies Acts. The Company is authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland as a Qualified Investors Alternative Investment Fund (QIAIF) and solely intended for Qualified Investors (as defined in the Fund prospectus).
The Fund is currently authorised in Ireland only and as a QIAIF the Company may apply for recognition by other EU Member States. The QIAIF mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some countries.
This website is not intended to distribute or offer or solicit the sale of shares or units in the Fund and any jurisdiction in which such distribution, or offer or solicitation would be considered contrary to local law or regulation.
            


I Do Not Accept
I Accept



























Virtus Global Multi-Sector Income Fund
































































Skip to main content.




















Search







Search








 
 


 


Virtus Investment Partners













Virtus Global Multi-Sector Income Fund


Portfolio Overview
Management Team
Performance & Risk
Documents & Resources



N








Home / Closed-End / Virtus Global Multi-Sector Income Fund


Fixed Income
(Taxable)

Virtus Global Multi-Sector Income Fund

Image specific to each asset class and market style grouping.





N




Ticker



CUSIP



Fact Sheet




NAV
$

(as of )


Market Price
$
(as of )


Premium/Discount
%





Managed Assets
$
(as of )


Net Assets
$
(as of )


Inception








Portfolio Overview
Management Team
Performance & Risk
Documents & Resources




Product Overview

    The fund seeks to generate high current income and total return by applying extensive credit research and a time-tested approach to capitalize on opportunities across undervalued sectors of the global bond markets. The portfolio seeks global diversification among 14 sectors in order to potentially increase return and manage risk. A team of investment professionals provides significant research depth across all sectors of the global bond markets. The fund pursues an options income strategy whereby it purchases and sells out-of-the money puts and calls, creating an options spread.
Contact Us Contact your financial representative for more information. Email or call for service at1-866-270-7788
Closed-End Fund Account Access
 
Management Team



Investment Partners







Newfleet Asset Management, LLC
Newfleet leverages the knowledge and skill of a team of investment professionals with expertise in every sector of the bond market, including evolving, specialized, and out-of-favor sectors.
Visit the Newfleet Asset Management, LLC website




Portfolio Managers






David L. Albrycht, CFA
 President and Chief Investment Officer

Industry start date: 1985
Start date with fund: 2012

Show More

David Albrycht is president and chief investment officer of Newfleet Asset Management. Prior to joining Newfleet in 2011, Mr. Albrycht was executive managing director and senior portfolio manager with Goodwin Capital Advisers, a former Virtus investment management subsidiary. He joined the Goodwin multi-sector fixed income team in 1985 as a credit analyst and has managed fixed income portfolios since 1991.


Mr. Albrycht is portfolio manager of Virtus Newfleet Multi-Sector Short Term Bond Fund since 1993 and Virtus Newfleet Multi-Sector Intermediate Bond Fund since 1994; and co-manager of Virtus Newfleet Senior Floating Rate Fund since 2008, Virtus Tactical Allocation Fund and Virtus Newfleet High Yield Fund since 2011; Virtus Newfleet Bond Fund, Virtus Strategic Allocation Fund, and Virtus Newfleet Low Duration Income Fund since 2012; and Virtus Newfleet Credit Opportunities Fund since 2015. He also manages several variable investment options and is co-manager of three closed-end funds, Virtus Total Return Fund Inc. (NYSE: ZF), Virtus Global Multi-Sector Income Fund (NYSE: VGI), and Virtus Global Dividend & Income Fund Inc. (NYSE: ZTR), and two exchange-traded funds, Virtus Newfleet Multi-Sector Unconstrained Bond ETF (NFLT) and Virtus Newfleet Dynamic Credit ETF (BLHY).


In February 2013, Virtus Investment Partners was named Barron’s “Best Taxable Bond Fund Family” for 2012, an honor also received in 2010, due in large part both years to the expert management of the firm’s multi-sector fixed income strategies by Mr. Albrycht and the Newfleet team.1 Mr. Albrycht has been a recipient of several Lipper analytical certificates and recognized by industry groups as a leading multi-sector fixed income strategist. He has appeared on CNBC and Bloomberg Television and been quoted or featured in numerous publications, including Barron’s, The Wall Street Journal, Business Week, Dow Jones, and InvestmentNews.


Mr. Albrycht previously was Goodwin’s director of credit research. In addition, he managed the Phoenix MISTIC CDO, a $1 billion multi-sector collateralized debt obligation, where he was responsible for credit analysis and deal structure.


Mr. Albrycht earned a B.A., cum laude, from Central Connecticut State University and an M.B.A., with honors, from the University of Connecticut. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. He has been working in the investment industry since 1985.


1Best Taxable Bond Fund Family ranked 1 of 62 Fund Families, on a one-year basis, in the 2012 Barron’s/Lipper 2012 Fund Survey, published in the February 11, 2013 issue of Barron’s. Ranked 42 of 58 in 2011 and 1 of 57 in 2010.
Barron’s explanation of how it ranks fund families: To qualify for the Barron’s/Lipper fund survey, a group must have at least three funds in Lipper’s general U.S.-stock category, as well as one in world equity, which combines global and international funds. Also required is at least one mixed-asset (or balanced) fund, which holds stocks and bonds. Fund shops also must have at least two taxable-bond funds and one tax-exempt offering.


For the first time this year, the performance of emerging-market funds was included in the world equity category. Each fund’s returns are adjusted for 12b-1 fees, which are used for marketing and distribution expenses. The funds usually add these fees back into returns. The aim is to measure the manager’s skill. Fund loads, or sales charges, aren’t included in the calculation of returns, either. Each fund’s return is measured against those of all funds in its Lipper category. That leads to a percentile ranking, with 100 the highest and 1 the lowest, which is then weighted by asset size relative to the fund family’s other assets in its general classification. If a family’s biggest funds do well, that boosts its overall ranking. Poor performance in a big fund can have a big effect on the ranking.


Finally, the score is multiplied by the weighting of its general classification, as determined by the entire Lipper universe of funds. 2012 category weightings for one-year results: general equity, 34.9%; world equity, 16.3%; mixed-asset, 17.3%; taxable bonds, 27.2%; and tax-exempt bonds, 4.3%. 2010 category weightings for one-year results: general equity, 40.52%; world equity, 14.32%; mixed equity, 16.46%; taxable bonds, 24.52%; tax-exempt bonds, 4.18%.


The scoring: Say a company has a fund in the general U.S. equity category that has $50 million in assets and that it accounts for half of the company’s assets in that category. Its ranking is the 75th percentile. The first calculation would be 75 times 0.50, which comes to 37.5. That score is then multiplied by 38.04, general equity’s overall weighting in Lipper’s universe. So it would be 37.5 times 0.3804, which totals 14.265. Similar calculations are done for each fund in our study. Then, all the numbers are added up for a total score. The fund shop with the highest score wins, both for every category and overall.


Strong ratings may not be indicative of positive fund performance. Performance for some funds may be negative.
Barron’s is a registered trademark of Dow Jones & Company; all rights reserved.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.









Benjamin Caron, CFA
 Senior Managing Director and Portfolio Manager

Industry start date: 1997
Start date with fund: 2012

Show More

Ben Caron is a senior managing director and portfolio manager at Newfleet Asset Management, an investment management affiliate of Virtus Investment Partners.


Mr. Caron is co-portfolio manager of the Virtus Newfleet Low Duration Income Fund and the closed-end Virtus Global Multi-Sector Income Fund (NYSE: VGI). He also assists in the management of the Virtus Newfleet Multi-Sector Short Term Bond Fund, Virtus Newfleet Multi-Sector Intermediate Bond Fund, Virtus Newfleet Senior Floating Rate Fund, Virtus Tactical Allocation Fund, Virtus Newfleet High Yield Fund, two variable insurance trust Series, and the closed-end Virtus Total Return Fund Inc. (NYSE: ZF).


Prior to joining Newfleet in 2011, Mr. Caron was on the fixed income team at Goodwin Capital Advisers, an investment management company that was previously a subsidiary of Virtus. He joined Goodwin Capital in 2002 as a client service associate for the institutional markets group focusing on institutional fixed income clients. Earlier in his career, he was with Fidelity Investments, where he was responsible for client management and sales in the managed account group.


Mr. Caron earned a B.A. from Syracuse University and an M.B.A. from Suffolk University. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) charterholder. Mr. Caron has been working in the investment industry since 1997.









Kyle A. Jennings, CFA
 Senior Managing Director, Head of Credit Research

Industry start date: 1992
Start date with fund: 2012

Show More

Mr. Jennings has been a member of Newfleet’s corporate credit research team since 1998 and currently covers the gaming, healthcare, and automotive industries. He is also a member of the team that formulates the leveraged finance strategy for the multi-sector fixed income strategies.


Prior to joining Newfleet in 2011, Mr. Jennings was on the fixed income team at Goodwin Capital Advisers, an investment management company that previously was a subsidiary of Virtus. Before that, he was a credit research analyst in the banking industry for Shawmut Bank, Ironwood Capital, and Citizens Bank.


Mr. Jennings earned a B.S. in finance from the University of Connecticut and is a Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) charterholder since 2001. He began his career in the investment industry in 1992.









Daniel P. Senecal, CFA
 Managing Director, Emerging Market Credit Research and Portfolio Manager

Industry start date: 1990
Start date with fund: 2012

Show More

Daniel Senecal is a managing director and credit analyst at Newfleet Asset Management, an investment management affiliate of Virtus Investment Partners. Mr. Senecal is responsible for sovereign and corporate research in the Latin America region, including Mexico and Central America. He is also co-portfolio manager of the Virtus Global Multi-Sector Income Fund (NYSE: VGI), a closed-end fund.


Prior to joining Newfleet in 2011, Mr. Senecal was on the fixed income team at Goodwin Capital Advisers, an investment management company that previously was a subsidiary of Virtus. He began at Goodwin Capital in 1997 as a corporate credit research analyst, followed by several roles, including sector manager for investment grade corporate credit and sovereign credit. He was also the lead portfolio manager for the Phoenix High Yield Fund from 2003 until 2005 and the Phoenix Emerging Market Fund from 2004 to 2005.


Earlier in his career, Mr. Senecal completed a formal credit training program at Shawmut National Bank where he was a credit research analyst and lender. He also worked at BankBoston as a corporate bond analyst.


Mr. Senecal earned a B.A. in economics and English from Assumption College and an M.B.A. in finance from the University of Connecticut. He is a CFA® (Chartered Financial Analyst®) charterholder since 1995. He began his career in the investment industry in 1990.





 
Performance & Risk




Performance



 Quarterly
As of 


 Monthly
As of 








YTD
3 Month
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Since Inception








Performance data quoted represents past results. Past performance is no guarantee of future results and current performance may be higher or lower than the performance shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so your shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost.
Performance reflects the deduction of fund operating expenses. Performance does not reflect the incurrence of brokerage expenses, which typically apply to exchange traded products. Total return net of brokerage expenses would be lower than the total returns on market value shown in the table.

Expenses








Net Asset Value vs. Market Price
Net Asset Value (NAV) represents the total value of all assets held by the Fund (minus its total liabilities), divided by the total number of common shares outstanding. The net asset value returns reflect the performance of the manager. Market price is the price at which investors may purchase or sell shares of the Fund. Market price is determined in the open market by buyers and sellers, based on supply and demand. The Fund’s Market Price fluctuates throughout the day and may differ from its underlying NAV. Shares of the Fund may trade at a premium (higher than) or a discount (lower than) to NAV. This characteristic is a risk separate and distinct from the risk that the Fund’s net asset value could decline. The Fund has no control over the market price. The difference between the market price and the NAV (Premium/Discount) is expressed as a percentage of NAV. Average annual total return is the annual compound return for the indicated period. It reflects the change in share price and the reinvestment of all dividends and capital gains.
Automatic Reinvestment Plan
This plan offers shareholders a convenient way to acquire additional shares of the fund. Registered holders will be automatically placed in the Plan. If shares are held at a brokerage firm, contact your broker about participation.
Fund Distributions and Managed Distribution Plan
Under the terms of the Fund’s managed distribution policy, the Fund seeks to maintain a consistent distribution level that may be paid in part or in full from net investment income and realized capital gains, or a combination thereof. Shareholders should note, however, that if the Fund’s aggregate net investment income and net realized capital gains are less than the amount of the distribution level, the difference will be distributed from the Fund’s assets and will constitute a return of the shareholder’s capital. A return of capital is not taxable; rather it reduces a shareholder’s tax basis in his or her shares of the Fund.The amounts and sources of distributions reported in Section 19(a) Notices are only estimates and are not being provided for tax reporting purposes. The actual amounts and sources of the amounts for tax reporting purposes will depend upon the Fund’s investment experience during the remainder of the fiscal year and may be subject to changes based on tax regulations. Please note that the characterization of Fund distributions for federal income tax purposes is different from book accounting generally accepted account principles (“GAAP”). The Fund will send you a Form 1099-DIV for the calendar year that will tell you how to report these distributions for federal income tax purposes. 
Distribution History2


Ex-Date
Distribution
Reinvest Price
Note


06/08/2017
$0.156000
17.240000



05/09/2017
$0.156000
16.841033



04/11/2017
$0.156000
16.352661



03/09/2017
$0.156000
16.010797



02/09/2017
$0.156000
16.031329



01/05/2017
$0.156000
15.790094



12/08/2016
$0.156000
15.405546



11/09/2016
$0.156000
15.111783



10/11/2016
$0.156000
15.668154



09/08/2016
$0.156000
15.630650



08/09/2016
$0.156000
16.045128



07/07/2016
$0.156000
15.667613


You should not necessarily draw any conclusions about the Fund’s investment performance from the amount of this distribution. Contact your financial representative for more information, or email or call Virtus Closed-End Funds for service at 1-866-270-7788.
Form 8937 Organization Actions
Disclosures
There can be no assurance that the fund will achieve its investment objectives.
This information does not represent an offer, or the solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell securities of the Fund.
Contact your financial representative for more information, or email or call for service at 1-866-270-7788.

Risk Considerations

Credit & Interest: Debt securities are subject to various risks, the most prominent of which are credit and interest rate risk. The issuer of a debt security may fail to make interest and/or principal payments. Values of debt securities may rise or fall in response to changes in interest rates, and this risk may be enhanced with longer-term maturities.
Foreign & Emerging Markets: Investing internationally, especially in emerging markets, involves additional risks such as currency, political, accounting, economic, and market risk.
High Yield-High Risk Fixed Income Securities: There is a greater level of credit risk and price volatility involved with high yield securities than investment grade securities.
ABS/MBS: Changes in interest rates can cause both extension and prepayment risks for asset- and mortgage-backed securities. These securities are also subject to risks associated with the repayment of underlying collateral.
Bank Loans: Loans may be unsecured or not fully collateralized, may be subject to restrictions on resale and/or trade infrequently on the secondary market. Loans can carry significant credit and call risk, can be difficult to value and have longer settlement times than other investments, which can make loans relatively illiquid at times.
Leverage: When a fund leverages its portfolio, the value of its shares may be more volatile and all other risks may be compounded.
Call/Put Spreads: Buying and selling call and put option spreads on the SPX Index risks the loss of the premium when buying, can limit upside participation and increase downside losses.
Market Price/NAV: At the time of purchase and/or sale, an investor's shares may have a market price that is above or below the fund's NAV, which may increase the investor's risk of loss.

 
Documents & Resources

Fact Sheet





Virtus Global Multi-Sector Income Fund Fact Sheet


Email
Download






Automatic Reinvestment





Automatic Reinvestment and Cash Purchase Plan


Email
Download






Distributions





July 3, 2017


Email
Download




June 7, 2017


Email
Download




June 6, 2017


Email
Download




June 1, 2017


Email
Download




May 1, 2017


Email
Download




April 3, 2017


Email
Download




March 1, 2017


Email
Download




February 1, 2017


Email
Download




January 3, 2017 


Email
Download




December 19, 2016


Email
Download




December 2, 2016


Email
Download




September 21, 2016


Email
Download






Section 19a Notices





July 2017


Email
Download




June 2017


Email
Download




May 2017


Email
Download




April 2017


Email
Download




March 2017


Email
Download




February 2017


Email
Download




January 2017


Email
Download




Decemer 2016


Email
Download




October 2016


Email
Download




November 2016


Email
Download




September 2016


Email
Download




August 2016


Email
Download




July 2016


Email
Download




June 2016


Email
Download




May 2016


Email
Download




April 2016


Email
Download




March 2016


Email
Download




February 2016


Email
Download




January 2016


Email
Download




December 2015


Email
Download




November 2015


Email
Download




October 2015


Email
Download




September 2015


Email
Download




August 2015


Email
Download




July 2015


Email
Download






News Releases/Communications





June 7, 2017 - Results of Joint Annual Meeting of Shareholders


Email
Download




April 28, 2017 - Proxy Statement


Email
Download




September 16, 2016 - Results of Special Meeting of Shareholders


Email
Download




August 8, 2016 - Special Proxy Statement


Email
Download




August 2, 2016 - Five Closed-End Funds Announce Changes to Board Membership


Email
Download






Governance





Procedure for Complaints Regarding Accounting, Internal


Email
Download




Audit Committee Charter


Email
Download




Nominating Committee Charter


Email
Download






Financial Materials





Annual Report


Email
Download






Semiannual Report


Email
Download






2016 Tax Information


Email
Download






 



 



 





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 










Make Money In A Low Yield Environment | Prudential Financial





















Make Money In A Low Yield Environment
personal/goals/fixed-income-2
www.prudential.com
NJ


en


dj0q1OMeL-4ZuF84Pq4R5RA
| 





Skip to main content





















 About


 Investor Relations


 Corporate Responsibility


 Careers


 FAQs


 Forms


 Contact














Menu



Close






Prudential Financial








Personal
 Personal






 Workplace Benefits



 Life Insurance



 Annuities



 Investments



 Insights



 Goals

Personal







 Advisors






 Workplace Benefits



 Life Insurance



 Annuities



 Investments



 Structured Settlements



 Partner With Us



 Insights







 Employers






 Financial Wellness



 Retirement



 Group Insurance



 Pension Risk Transfer



 Insights







 Institutions






 PGIM at a Glance



 Pension Risk Transfer



 Insights










Search



Log In



Close






At least  characters must be typed in the search field in order to perform the search

Search




Search

Go





 Log In
        










{}





Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96T11V6


Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96T11V6
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 






















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2586


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2586
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			Looking for income? Follow us. 
		
	
Where can you find investment income in today's low-yield environment? Here are options that may help.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2585


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2585
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 






















 Let’s rise above today’s interest rates. 


Video/Audio Title Goes Here



View transcript






	  Let’s rise above today’s interest rates. 

	  
Recent returns from U.S. Treasuries, CDs and money markets have been disappointing. That may be taking a toll on your finances today—and the lifestyle you envision for tomorrow.
So maybe it’s time to start rethinking your approach to income. Our fund managers are innovators in uncovering income opportunities across the globe through an array of equity, fixed income and specialty sector mutual funds. And as retirement gets closer, we also have an investment solution that offers lifetime guaranteed income through a diversified bond portfolio strategy.
Interested in learning more? Then definitely keep reading.




 











 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96T1H20


Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96T1H20
Script Portlet Content Item
ltr
en







Script Portlet Content Item



Actions



 














Save. Invest. Protect. Subscribe.
Planning ahead for your financial future may not be easy, but it can be easier—with ideas and insights delivered right to your inbox.


Thank you for signing up.

              You've taken an important step in planning your financial future.
            










 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2587


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2587
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			What’s next for interest rates? What’s next for you?
		
	
Low interest rates have been the norm for a while. Whether or not that changes soon, you can feel more prepared with your choice of insights below.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O2


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O2
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 
























 Income still drives investment decisions.





       Income still drives investment decisions.
    Many investors turn to the income-producing potential of mutual funds to generate funds for their goals.







 Room for rates to grow.





       Room for rates to grow.
    Even when interest rates rise, returns on U.S. Treasuries and other fixed income vehicles still have a long way to go compared to just a few years ago.
















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O1


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O1
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 
























 Are low interest rates really that unusual?
Video/Audio Title Goes Here



View transcript




       Are low interest rates really that unusual?
    See for yourself by reviewing the history of U.S. interest rates in this video.







 Diversify and drive potential income.





       Diversify and drive potential income.
    Balancing traditional equities and fixed income with specialty sectors like utilities and real estate offers portfolio diversification and income potential.
















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O3


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O3
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			Income for the long run.
		
	
In the race for retirement, Prudential has income-producing solutions built to keep you going strong.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2TM2


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2TM2
HowMuchIsEnoughContent
ltr
en







HowMuchIsEnoughContent



Actions



 



















How much money do you think you might need when you retire?
 Enter your best guess  





How much money do you think you might need when you retire?
Tell us your current age and how old you think you'll be when you retire.


 Current age 



 Retirement age 




Enter a number to guess your total.
 Your guess 
 $


 How long might that last?  



 Back 





How did we calculate this?
 To calculate how many years it might take to spend your guessed amount 
              in retirement, we used your age, years until retirement, and inflation rate 
              of 3%, and average spending data from the 2012 Expenditure Survey. 

Got it >



Based on national spending averages,
$1,500,000 will likely be spent by the age of 76.
How did we calculate this?
 Come up a little short? Guessing how much money you might
            need 
            to save for retirement that could last 30 or 40 years
            is pretty hard. 
            A good place to start: Think about how
            many years you may live in 
            retirement and how much income
            you'll need each year. 
 Back 
 What now?  


There are two steps you can take to help
            make sure your money lasts.




 1. Create a retirement income strategy 
 2. Maximize 
                  social security 




 Learn how annuities can help keep your money growing in 
                    retirement, and turn a lump sum into guaranteed income that 
                    lasts for as long as you live. See more → 
 If you are entitled to collect income from Social Security, 
                    there are steps you can take to help you maximize your benefit. 
                    To learn more, watch this video → 



Find a Financial Professional to get complete details.

 Find a Financial Professional

 Back 



 Your Guess:
$ 






The estimated retirement amounts generated by this tool are provided for illustrative purposes only, are based upon the information provided by you and by non-Prudential 
        third parties, and are subject to change. This material is designed to provide general information regarding the subject matter covered. No guarantee of future expenses, 
        either express or implied, is being made. Prudential and its affiliates assume no liability for the accuracy of the information and data provided in this tool. You should 
        carefully consider a variety options, not all of which are included in this tool, when determining how much money you will need to save for your retirement.














Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2546


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2546
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			Secure your income strategy.
		
	
Rates go up. Rates go down. What stays constant is Prudential’s focus on helping you generate income for your goals.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2545


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2545
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























Investments 
Mutual funds for income investors.






  Investments



  Mutual funds for income investors.




Dividend-paying equities, fixed income, specialty sectors and more.

 Go







 Annuities 
Know your guaranteed income for life.






   Annuities



  Know your guaranteed income for life.




The long-term retirement investment to help secure your future.

 Go Opens in New Window















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2547


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2547
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			Invest in a lifelong plan.
		
	
Prudential can help you better understand all aspects of your money, giving you confidence for both today and tomorrow.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25K4


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25K4
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























A financial plan is a life plan. 





            

A financial plan is a life plan.

        There’s more to talk about than numbers. This is the life you want for you and your family.

 Learn more








Life insurance that keeps up with your life. 





            

Life insurance that keeps up with your life.

        How to protect your family, their goals and more with our help.

 Learn more









Investing for your most important goals. 





            

Investing for your most important goals.

        Let’s replace “What should I invest in?” with “What do I want to achieve with my investments?”

 Learn more








Enjoy a longer life—and a more secure retirement. 





            

Enjoy a longer life—and a more secure retirement.

        Retirement can last 30 years or more. Here’s how you can prepare.

 Learn more

















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25K1


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25K1
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 













For Compliance Use Only:

	0284126-00011-00

 









 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25C0


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25C0
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 





Securities products and services are offered through: Pruco Securities, LLC and Prudential Investment Management Services, LLC, both members SIPC and located in Newark, NJ, or Prudential Annuities Distributors, Inc., located in Shelton, CT. All are Prudential Financial companies. Statement of Financial Condition for Prudential Investment Management Services, LLC.
Insurance and annuities are issued by The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Pruco Life Insurance Company (except in NY and/or NJ) and Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey (in NY and/or NJ). Each is a Prudential Financial company located in Newark, NJ (main office) and each is solely responsible for its own financial condition and contractual obligations.
Variable annuities are distributed by Prudential Annuities Distributors, Inc., Shelton, CT.

Retirement products and services are provided by Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company, Hartford, CT, or its affiliates.
"Prudential Advisors" is a brand name of The Prudential Insurance Company of America and its subsidiaries.
Prudential, the Prudential logo, the Rock Symbol and Bring Your Challenges are service marks of Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities, registered in many jurisdictions worldwide. Site for U.S. persons only.
Information contained on this site does not and is not intended to constitute an advertisement, solicitation or offer for sale in any jurisdiction, outside the United States of America, where such use would be prohibited or otherwise regulated.
 
Prudential Financial, its affiliates, and their financial professionals do not render tax or legal advice. Please consult with your tax and legal advisors regarding your personal circumstances.
Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc, which is headquartered in the United Kingdom.
Pruco Life Insurance Company, an Arizona company - California COA # 3637. The Prudential Insurance Company of America - California COA # 1179. Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company - California COA # 08003. The Prudential Life Insurance Company of America Newark, NJ.
Securities and Insurance Products:
Not Insured by FDIC or any Federal Government Agency   |   May Lose Value   |   Not a Deposit of or Guaranteed by the Bank or any Bank Affiliate.
  




Template: 0183077-00022-00



 






Back to top









 







 
 










Make Money In A Low Yield Environment | Prudential Financial





















Make Money In A Low Yield Environment
personal/goals/fixed-income-2
www.prudential.com
NJ


en


KMgPezaqZMmkcQ-sLXWG9Sk
| 





Skip to main content





















 About


 Investor Relations


 Corporate Responsibility


 Careers


 FAQs


 Forms


 Contact














Menu



Close






Prudential Financial








Personal
 Personal






 Workplace Benefits



 Life Insurance



 Annuities



 Investments



 Insights



 Goals

Personal







 Advisors






 Workplace Benefits



 Life Insurance



 Annuities



 Investments



 Structured Settlements



 Partner With Us



 Insights







 Employers






 Financial Wellness



 Retirement



 Group Insurance



 Pension Risk Transfer



 Insights







 Institutions






 PGIM at a Glance



 Pension Risk Transfer



 Insights










Search



Log In



Close






At least  characters must be typed in the search field in order to perform the search

Search




Search

Go





 Log In
        










{}





Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96T11V6


Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96T11V6
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 






















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2586


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2586
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			Looking for income? Follow us. 
		
	
Where can you find investment income in today's low-yield environment? Here are options that may help.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2585


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2585
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 






















 Let’s rise above today’s interest rates. 


Video/Audio Title Goes Here



View transcript






	  Let’s rise above today’s interest rates. 

	  
Recent returns from U.S. Treasuries, CDs and money markets have been disappointing. That may be taking a toll on your finances today—and the lifestyle you envision for tomorrow.
So maybe it’s time to start rethinking your approach to income. Our fund managers are innovators in uncovering income opportunities across the globe through an array of equity, fixed income and specialty sector mutual funds. And as retirement gets closer, we also have an investment solution that offers lifetime guaranteed income through a diversified bond portfolio strategy.
Interested in learning more? Then definitely keep reading.




 











 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96T1H20


Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96T1H20
Script Portlet Content Item
ltr
en







Script Portlet Content Item



Actions



 














Save. Invest. Protect. Subscribe.
Planning ahead for your financial future may not be easy, but it can be easier—with ideas and insights delivered right to your inbox.


Thank you for signing up.

              You've taken an important step in planning your financial future.
            










 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2587


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2587
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			What’s next for interest rates? What’s next for you?
		
	
Low interest rates have been the norm for a while. Whether or not that changes soon, you can feel more prepared with your choice of insights below.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O2


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O2
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 
























 Income still drives investment decisions.





       Income still drives investment decisions.
    Many investors turn to the income-producing potential of mutual funds to generate funds for their goals.







 Room for rates to grow.





       Room for rates to grow.
    Even when interest rates rise, returns on U.S. Treasuries and other fixed income vehicles still have a long way to go compared to just a few years ago.
















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O1


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O1
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 
























 Are low interest rates really that unusual?
Video/Audio Title Goes Here



View transcript




       Are low interest rates really that unusual?
    See for yourself by reviewing the history of U.S. interest rates in this video.







 Diversify and drive potential income.





       Diversify and drive potential income.
    Balancing traditional equities and fixed income with specialty sectors like utilities and real estate offers portfolio diversification and income potential.
















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O3


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O3
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			Income for the long run.
		
	
In the race for retirement, Prudential has income-producing solutions built to keep you going strong.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2TM2


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2TM2
HowMuchIsEnoughContent
ltr
en







HowMuchIsEnoughContent



Actions



 



















How much money do you think you might need when you retire?
 Enter your best guess  





How much money do you think you might need when you retire?
Tell us your current age and how old you think you'll be when you retire.


 Current age 



 Retirement age 




Enter a number to guess your total.
 Your guess 
 $


 How long might that last?  



 Back 





How did we calculate this?
 To calculate how many years it might take to spend your guessed amount 
              in retirement, we used your age, years until retirement, and inflation rate 
              of 3%, and average spending data from the 2012 Expenditure Survey. 

Got it >



Based on national spending averages,
$1,500,000 will likely be spent by the age of 76.
How did we calculate this?
 Come up a little short? Guessing how much money you might
            need 
            to save for retirement that could last 30 or 40 years
            is pretty hard. 
            A good place to start: Think about how
            many years you may live in 
            retirement and how much income
            you'll need each year. 
 Back 
 What now?  


There are two steps you can take to help
            make sure your money lasts.




 1. Create a retirement income strategy 
 2. Maximize 
                  social security 




 Learn how annuities can help keep your money growing in 
                    retirement, and turn a lump sum into guaranteed income that 
                    lasts for as long as you live. See more → 
 If you are entitled to collect income from Social Security, 
                    there are steps you can take to help you maximize your benefit. 
                    To learn more, watch this video → 



Find a Financial Professional to get complete details.

 Find a Financial Professional

 Back 



 Your Guess:
$ 






The estimated retirement amounts generated by this tool are provided for illustrative purposes only, are based upon the information provided by you and by non-Prudential 
        third parties, and are subject to change. This material is designed to provide general information regarding the subject matter covered. No guarantee of future expenses, 
        either express or implied, is being made. Prudential and its affiliates assume no liability for the accuracy of the information and data provided in this tool. You should 
        carefully consider a variety options, not all of which are included in this tool, when determining how much money you will need to save for your retirement.














Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2546


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2546
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			Secure your income strategy.
		
	
Rates go up. Rates go down. What stays constant is Prudential’s focus on helping you generate income for your goals.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2545


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2545
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























Investments 
Mutual funds for income investors.






  Investments



  Mutual funds for income investors.




Dividend-paying equities, fixed income, specialty sectors and more.

 Go







 Annuities 
Know your guaranteed income for life.






   Annuities



  Know your guaranteed income for life.




The long-term retirement investment to help secure your future.

 Go Opens in New Window















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2547


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2547
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			Invest in a lifelong plan.
		
	
Prudential can help you better understand all aspects of your money, giving you confidence for both today and tomorrow.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25K4


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25K4
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























A financial plan is a life plan. 





            

A financial plan is a life plan.

        There’s more to talk about than numbers. This is the life you want for you and your family.

 Learn more








Life insurance that keeps up with your life. 





            

Life insurance that keeps up with your life.

        How to protect your family, their goals and more with our help.

 Learn more









Investing for your most important goals. 





            

Investing for your most important goals.

        Let’s replace “What should I invest in?” with “What do I want to achieve with my investments?”

 Learn more








Enjoy a longer life—and a more secure retirement. 





            

Enjoy a longer life—and a more secure retirement.

        Retirement can last 30 years or more. Here’s how you can prepare.

 Learn more

















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25K1


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25K1
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 













For Compliance Use Only:

	0284126-00011-00

 









 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25C0


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25C0
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 





Securities products and services are offered through: Pruco Securities, LLC and Prudential Investment Management Services, LLC, both members SIPC and located in Newark, NJ, or Prudential Annuities Distributors, Inc., located in Shelton, CT. All are Prudential Financial companies. Statement of Financial Condition for Prudential Investment Management Services, LLC.
Insurance and annuities are issued by The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Pruco Life Insurance Company (except in NY and/or NJ) and Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey (in NY and/or NJ). Each is a Prudential Financial company located in Newark, NJ (main office) and each is solely responsible for its own financial condition and contractual obligations.
Variable annuities are distributed by Prudential Annuities Distributors, Inc., Shelton, CT.

Retirement products and services are provided by Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company, Hartford, CT, or its affiliates.
"Prudential Advisors" is a brand name of The Prudential Insurance Company of America and its subsidiaries.
Prudential, the Prudential logo, the Rock Symbol and Bring Your Challenges are service marks of Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities, registered in many jurisdictions worldwide. Site for U.S. persons only.
Information contained on this site does not and is not intended to constitute an advertisement, solicitation or offer for sale in any jurisdiction, outside the United States of America, where such use would be prohibited or otherwise regulated.
 
Prudential Financial, its affiliates, and their financial professionals do not render tax or legal advice. Please consult with your tax and legal advisors regarding your personal circumstances.
Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc, which is headquartered in the United Kingdom.
Pruco Life Insurance Company, an Arizona company - California COA # 3637. The Prudential Insurance Company of America - California COA # 1179. Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company - California COA # 08003. The Prudential Life Insurance Company of America Newark, NJ.
Securities and Insurance Products:
Not Insured by FDIC or any Federal Government Agency   |   May Lose Value   |   Not a Deposit of or Guaranteed by the Bank or any Bank Affiliate.
  




Template: 0183077-00022-00



 






Back to top









 







 
 










Make Money In A Low Yield Environment | Prudential Financial





















Make Money In A Low Yield Environment
personal/goals/fixed-income-2
www.prudential.com
NJ


en


6M9s6_qbe55YDctOTpT8Exm
| 





Skip to main content





















 About


 Investor Relations


 Corporate Responsibility


 Careers


 FAQs


 Forms


 Contact














Menu



Close






Prudential Financial








Personal
 Personal






 Workplace Benefits



 Life Insurance



 Annuities



 Investments



 Insights



 Goals

Personal







 Advisors






 Workplace Benefits



 Life Insurance



 Annuities



 Investments



 Structured Settlements



 Partner With Us



 Insights







 Employers






 Financial Wellness



 Retirement



 Group Insurance



 Pension Risk Transfer



 Insights







 Institutions






 PGIM at a Glance



 Pension Risk Transfer



 Insights










Search



Log In



Close






At least  characters must be typed in the search field in order to perform the search

Search




Search

Go





 Log In
        










{}





Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96T11V6


Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96T11V6
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 






















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2586


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2586
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			Looking for income? Follow us. 
		
	
Where can you find investment income in today's low-yield environment? Here are options that may help.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2585


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2585
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 






















 Let’s rise above today’s interest rates. 


Video/Audio Title Goes Here



View transcript






	  Let’s rise above today’s interest rates. 

	  
Recent returns from U.S. Treasuries, CDs and money markets have been disappointing. That may be taking a toll on your finances today—and the lifestyle you envision for tomorrow.
So maybe it’s time to start rethinking your approach to income. Our fund managers are innovators in uncovering income opportunities across the globe through an array of equity, fixed income and specialty sector mutual funds. And as retirement gets closer, we also have an investment solution that offers lifetime guaranteed income through a diversified bond portfolio strategy.
Interested in learning more? Then definitely keep reading.




 











 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96T1H20


Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96T1H20
Script Portlet Content Item
ltr
en







Script Portlet Content Item



Actions



 














Save. Invest. Protect. Subscribe.
Planning ahead for your financial future may not be easy, but it can be easier—with ideas and insights delivered right to your inbox.


Thank you for signing up.

              You've taken an important step in planning your financial future.
            










 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2587


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2587
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			What’s next for interest rates? What’s next for you?
		
	
Low interest rates have been the norm for a while. Whether or not that changes soon, you can feel more prepared with your choice of insights below.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O2


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O2
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 
























 Income still drives investment decisions.





       Income still drives investment decisions.
    Many investors turn to the income-producing potential of mutual funds to generate funds for their goals.







 Room for rates to grow.





       Room for rates to grow.
    Even when interest rates rise, returns on U.S. Treasuries and other fixed income vehicles still have a long way to go compared to just a few years ago.
















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O1


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O1
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 
























 Are low interest rates really that unusual?
Video/Audio Title Goes Here



View transcript




       Are low interest rates really that unusual?
    See for yourself by reviewing the history of U.S. interest rates in this video.







 Diversify and drive potential income.





       Diversify and drive potential income.
    Balancing traditional equities and fixed income with specialty sectors like utilities and real estate offers portfolio diversification and income potential.
















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O3


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O3
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			Income for the long run.
		
	
In the race for retirement, Prudential has income-producing solutions built to keep you going strong.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2TM2


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2TM2
HowMuchIsEnoughContent
ltr
en







HowMuchIsEnoughContent



Actions



 



















How much money do you think you might need when you retire?
 Enter your best guess  





How much money do you think you might need when you retire?
Tell us your current age and how old you think you'll be when you retire.


 Current age 



 Retirement age 




Enter a number to guess your total.
 Your guess 
 $


 How long might that last?  



 Back 





How did we calculate this?
 To calculate how many years it might take to spend your guessed amount 
              in retirement, we used your age, years until retirement, and inflation rate 
              of 3%, and average spending data from the 2012 Expenditure Survey. 

Got it >



Based on national spending averages,
$1,500,000 will likely be spent by the age of 76.
How did we calculate this?
 Come up a little short? Guessing how much money you might
            need 
            to save for retirement that could last 30 or 40 years
            is pretty hard. 
            A good place to start: Think about how
            many years you may live in 
            retirement and how much income
            you'll need each year. 
 Back 
 What now?  


There are two steps you can take to help
            make sure your money lasts.




 1. Create a retirement income strategy 
 2. Maximize 
                  social security 




 Learn how annuities can help keep your money growing in 
                    retirement, and turn a lump sum into guaranteed income that 
                    lasts for as long as you live. See more → 
 If you are entitled to collect income from Social Security, 
                    there are steps you can take to help you maximize your benefit. 
                    To learn more, watch this video → 



Find a Financial Professional to get complete details.

 Find a Financial Professional

 Back 



 Your Guess:
$ 






The estimated retirement amounts generated by this tool are provided for illustrative purposes only, are based upon the information provided by you and by non-Prudential 
        third parties, and are subject to change. This material is designed to provide general information regarding the subject matter covered. No guarantee of future expenses, 
        either express or implied, is being made. Prudential and its affiliates assume no liability for the accuracy of the information and data provided in this tool. You should 
        carefully consider a variety options, not all of which are included in this tool, when determining how much money you will need to save for your retirement.














Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2546


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2546
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			Secure your income strategy.
		
	
Rates go up. Rates go down. What stays constant is Prudential’s focus on helping you generate income for your goals.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2545


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2545
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























Investments 
Mutual funds for income investors.






  Investments



  Mutual funds for income investors.




Dividend-paying equities, fixed income, specialty sectors and more.

 Go







 Annuities 
Know your guaranteed income for life.






   Annuities



  Know your guaranteed income for life.




The long-term retirement investment to help secure your future.

 Go Opens in New Window















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2547


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2547
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			Invest in a lifelong plan.
		
	
Prudential can help you better understand all aspects of your money, giving you confidence for both today and tomorrow.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25K4


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25K4
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























A financial plan is a life plan. 





            

A financial plan is a life plan.

        There’s more to talk about than numbers. This is the life you want for you and your family.

 Learn more








Life insurance that keeps up with your life. 





            

Life insurance that keeps up with your life.

        How to protect your family, their goals and more with our help.

 Learn more









Investing for your most important goals. 





            

Investing for your most important goals.

        Let’s replace “What should I invest in?” with “What do I want to achieve with my investments?”

 Learn more








Enjoy a longer life—and a more secure retirement. 





            

Enjoy a longer life—and a more secure retirement.

        Retirement can last 30 years or more. Here’s how you can prepare.

 Learn more

















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25K1


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25K1
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 













For Compliance Use Only:

	0284126-00011-00

 









 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25C0


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25C0
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 





Securities products and services are offered through: Pruco Securities, LLC and Prudential Investment Management Services, LLC, both members SIPC and located in Newark, NJ, or Prudential Annuities Distributors, Inc., located in Shelton, CT. All are Prudential Financial companies. Statement of Financial Condition for Prudential Investment Management Services, LLC.
Insurance and annuities are issued by The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Pruco Life Insurance Company (except in NY and/or NJ) and Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey (in NY and/or NJ). Each is a Prudential Financial company located in Newark, NJ (main office) and each is solely responsible for its own financial condition and contractual obligations.
Variable annuities are distributed by Prudential Annuities Distributors, Inc., Shelton, CT.

Retirement products and services are provided by Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company, Hartford, CT, or its affiliates.
"Prudential Advisors" is a brand name of The Prudential Insurance Company of America and its subsidiaries.
Prudential, the Prudential logo, the Rock Symbol and Bring Your Challenges are service marks of Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities, registered in many jurisdictions worldwide. Site for U.S. persons only.
Information contained on this site does not and is not intended to constitute an advertisement, solicitation or offer for sale in any jurisdiction, outside the United States of America, where such use would be prohibited or otherwise regulated.
 
Prudential Financial, its affiliates, and their financial professionals do not render tax or legal advice. Please consult with your tax and legal advisors regarding your personal circumstances.
Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc, which is headquartered in the United Kingdom.
Pruco Life Insurance Company, an Arizona company - California COA # 3637. The Prudential Insurance Company of America - California COA # 1179. Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company - California COA # 08003. The Prudential Life Insurance Company of America Newark, NJ.
Securities and Insurance Products:
Not Insured by FDIC or any Federal Government Agency   |   May Lose Value   |   Not a Deposit of or Guaranteed by the Bank or any Bank Affiliate.
  




Template: 0183077-00022-00



 






Back to top









 







 
 










Make Money In A Low Yield Environment | Prudential Financial





















Make Money In A Low Yield Environment
personal/goals/fixed-income-2
www.prudential.com
NJ


en


-H7GWOH9sUXGBbdr7uLawNZ
| 





Skip to main content





















 About


 Investor Relations


 Corporate Responsibility


 Careers


 FAQs


 Forms


 Contact














Menu



Close






Prudential Financial








Personal
 Personal






 Workplace Benefits



 Life Insurance



 Annuities



 Investments



 Insights



 Goals

Personal







 Advisors






 Workplace Benefits



 Life Insurance



 Annuities



 Investments



 Structured Settlements



 Partner With Us



 Insights







 Employers






 Financial Wellness



 Retirement



 Group Insurance



 Pension Risk Transfer



 Insights







 Institutions






 PGIM at a Glance



 Pension Risk Transfer



 Insights










Search



Log In



Close






At least  characters must be typed in the search field in order to perform the search

Search




Search

Go





 Log In
        










{}





Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96T11V6


Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96T11V6
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 






















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2586


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2586
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			Looking for income? Follow us. 
		
	
Where can you find investment income in today's low-yield environment? Here are options that may help.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2585


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2585
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 






















 Let’s rise above today’s interest rates. 


Video/Audio Title Goes Here



View transcript






	  Let’s rise above today’s interest rates. 

	  
Recent returns from U.S. Treasuries, CDs and money markets have been disappointing. That may be taking a toll on your finances today—and the lifestyle you envision for tomorrow.
So maybe it’s time to start rethinking your approach to income. Our fund managers are innovators in uncovering income opportunities across the globe through an array of equity, fixed income and specialty sector mutual funds. And as retirement gets closer, we also have an investment solution that offers lifetime guaranteed income through a diversified bond portfolio strategy.
Interested in learning more? Then definitely keep reading.




 











 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96T1H20


Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96T1H20
Script Portlet Content Item
ltr
en







Script Portlet Content Item



Actions



 














Save. Invest. Protect. Subscribe.
Planning ahead for your financial future may not be easy, but it can be easier—with ideas and insights delivered right to your inbox.


Thank you for signing up.

              You've taken an important step in planning your financial future.
            










 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2587


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2587
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			What’s next for interest rates? What’s next for you?
		
	
Low interest rates have been the norm for a while. Whether or not that changes soon, you can feel more prepared with your choice of insights below.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O2


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O2
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 
























 Income still drives investment decisions.





       Income still drives investment decisions.
    Many investors turn to the income-producing potential of mutual funds to generate funds for their goals.







 Room for rates to grow.





       Room for rates to grow.
    Even when interest rates rise, returns on U.S. Treasuries and other fixed income vehicles still have a long way to go compared to just a few years ago.
















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O1


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O1
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 
























 Are low interest rates really that unusual?
Video/Audio Title Goes Here



View transcript




       Are low interest rates really that unusual?
    See for yourself by reviewing the history of U.S. interest rates in this video.







 Diversify and drive potential income.





       Diversify and drive potential income.
    Balancing traditional equities and fixed income with specialty sectors like utilities and real estate offers portfolio diversification and income potential.
















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O3


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25O3
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			Income for the long run.
		
	
In the race for retirement, Prudential has income-producing solutions built to keep you going strong.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2TM2


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2TM2
HowMuchIsEnoughContent
ltr
en







HowMuchIsEnoughContent



Actions



 



















How much money do you think you might need when you retire?
 Enter your best guess  





How much money do you think you might need when you retire?
Tell us your current age and how old you think you'll be when you retire.


 Current age 



 Retirement age 




Enter a number to guess your total.
 Your guess 
 $


 How long might that last?  



 Back 





How did we calculate this?
 To calculate how many years it might take to spend your guessed amount 
              in retirement, we used your age, years until retirement, and inflation rate 
              of 3%, and average spending data from the 2012 Expenditure Survey. 

Got it >



Based on national spending averages,
$1,500,000 will likely be spent by the age of 76.
How did we calculate this?
 Come up a little short? Guessing how much money you might
            need 
            to save for retirement that could last 30 or 40 years
            is pretty hard. 
            A good place to start: Think about how
            many years you may live in 
            retirement and how much income
            you'll need each year. 
 Back 
 What now?  


There are two steps you can take to help
            make sure your money lasts.




 1. Create a retirement income strategy 
 2. Maximize 
                  social security 




 Learn how annuities can help keep your money growing in 
                    retirement, and turn a lump sum into guaranteed income that 
                    lasts for as long as you live. See more → 
 If you are entitled to collect income from Social Security, 
                    there are steps you can take to help you maximize your benefit. 
                    To learn more, watch this video → 



Find a Financial Professional to get complete details.

 Find a Financial Professional

 Back 



 Your Guess:
$ 






The estimated retirement amounts generated by this tool are provided for illustrative purposes only, are based upon the information provided by you and by non-Prudential 
        third parties, and are subject to change. This material is designed to provide general information regarding the subject matter covered. No guarantee of future expenses, 
        either express or implied, is being made. Prudential and its affiliates assume no liability for the accuracy of the information and data provided in this tool. You should 
        carefully consider a variety options, not all of which are included in this tool, when determining how much money you will need to save for your retirement.














Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2546


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2546
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			Secure your income strategy.
		
	
Rates go up. Rates go down. What stays constant is Prudential’s focus on helping you generate income for your goals.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2545


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2545
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























Investments 
Mutual funds for income investors.






  Investments



  Mutual funds for income investors.




Dividend-paying equities, fixed income, specialty sectors and more.

 Go







 Annuities 
Know your guaranteed income for life.






   Annuities



  Know your guaranteed income for life.




The long-term retirement investment to help secure your future.

 Go Opens in New Window















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2547


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2547
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			Invest in a lifelong plan.
		
	
Prudential can help you better understand all aspects of your money, giving you confidence for both today and tomorrow.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25K4


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25K4
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























A financial plan is a life plan. 





            

A financial plan is a life plan.

        There’s more to talk about than numbers. This is the life you want for you and your family.

 Learn more








Life insurance that keeps up with your life. 





            

Life insurance that keeps up with your life.

        How to protect your family, their goals and more with our help.

 Learn more









Investing for your most important goals. 





            

Investing for your most important goals.

        Let’s replace “What should I invest in?” with “What do I want to achieve with my investments?”

 Learn more








Enjoy a longer life—and a more secure retirement. 





            

Enjoy a longer life—and a more secure retirement.

        Retirement can last 30 years or more. Here’s how you can prepare.

 Learn more

















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25K1


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25K1
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 













For Compliance Use Only:

	0284126-00011-00

 









 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25C0


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT25C0
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 





Securities products and services are offered through: Pruco Securities, LLC and Prudential Investment Management Services, LLC, both members SIPC and located in Newark, NJ, or Prudential Annuities Distributors, Inc., located in Shelton, CT. All are Prudential Financial companies. Statement of Financial Condition for Prudential Investment Management Services, LLC.
Insurance and annuities are issued by The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Pruco Life Insurance Company (except in NY and/or NJ) and Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey (in NY and/or NJ). Each is a Prudential Financial company located in Newark, NJ (main office) and each is solely responsible for its own financial condition and contractual obligations.
Variable annuities are distributed by Prudential Annuities Distributors, Inc., Shelton, CT.

Retirement products and services are provided by Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company, Hartford, CT, or its affiliates.
"Prudential Advisors" is a brand name of The Prudential Insurance Company of America and its subsidiaries.
Prudential, the Prudential logo, the Rock Symbol and Bring Your Challenges are service marks of Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities, registered in many jurisdictions worldwide. Site for U.S. persons only.
Information contained on this site does not and is not intended to constitute an advertisement, solicitation or offer for sale in any jurisdiction, outside the United States of America, where such use would be prohibited or otherwise regulated.
 
Prudential Financial, its affiliates, and their financial professionals do not render tax or legal advice. Please consult with your tax and legal advisors regarding your personal circumstances.
Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc, which is headquartered in the United Kingdom.
Pruco Life Insurance Company, an Arizona company - California COA # 3637. The Prudential Insurance Company of America - California COA # 1179. Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company - California COA # 08003. The Prudential Life Insurance Company of America Newark, NJ.
Securities and Insurance Products:
Not Insured by FDIC or any Federal Government Agency   |   May Lose Value   |   Not a Deposit of or Guaranteed by the Bank or any Bank Affiliate.
  




Template: 0183077-00022-00



 






Back to top









 







 















ChristianityatHome.com - Christian Business Opportunity




























































































Christianity at Home




















Hi! Welcome to Christianity at Home







We are a Consulting Training Program for Christians



 







Request DVD & Book!

 



 



 



 




 




 


Hi there!  We’re Matt and Sarah, founders of LMS.  If you’re sick and tired of all the junky business ideas online, then this will be a BREATH of FRESH AIR!  We’re NOT affiliate marketers, network marketers, or anything you’ve seen before!  We’re a business opportunity with a mission and purpose to help believers and nonprofits which serve kingdom purposes!  Read the information below and then be sure to request our free DVD and book.  Don’t worry, we’ll even pay for the shipping and handling!



 




 




 


Read for 2 Minutes and then Request our Free DVD and Book Below! Free Shipping!

 



Christian Business? Really?
This Ad said “Christian Business Opportunity” because we are believers and our business training program is actually our ministry. Over the course of the last 12 years, our family has served in various part time positions at our local church include working with youth, children, and serving on the board of trustees. Our vision is to train believers to become entrepreneurs. And no, it isn’t “all about the money” with us! We believe these entrepreneurs will be able to use their businesses to help the local church and other nonprofit organizations which add value to the world.

 




 


Are you ready to start helping businesses and churches grow?
Yes, we said free! We’ll cover the book expense, dvd expense, and 100% of the shipping charges. The book and DVD is a BLUEPRINT to EXACTLY what we do and how we do it! I’ll send it to you free of charge and as a matter of fact, you won’t see anything for sale on our website as we know this isn’t for everyone. You see, our heart is to share our amazing breakthrough with other Christians as well. You’ll find that this is very different than anything you’ve seen before as there are no ebooks, video courses, or get rich quick products for sale on our website either!

 






Start a Christian Consulting Business Today!


 


NOT MLM Related
No Downlines
100% Virtual Business

 


Low Overhead
Flexible Schedule
High Demand Service

 




 




 




 




 






The Business Overview

Christianity at Home is a training program for Christians who share the values of wanting to see their local church and other positive nonprofit organizations prosper. Currently, we offer free and paid training programs. These programs teach our students how to be growth and marketing consultants using our Four Step Marketing process.

How We Serve Nonprofit Organizations

We serve nonprofit organizations by offering free and paid consulting and marketing services that enable their organizations to grow. The majority of our consultants offer free consulting services to nonprofits while charging for profit organizations. Each consultant is fully trained in the process and will manage his or her own business, brand, and income. We are a training program only and use our training to help others get started in this business. 

 



 



 



 



A few more things you should know

 


This business can be run 100% from home or anywhere! And NO, this isn’t a get rich quick scheme! You’ll see that legitimate businesses take work and training. We encourage everyone to pray and seek wisdom from council before starting any business. YES, we do have a special mentoring program available. It costs some money, but to go through it you must have your family’s permissions and pass a detailed application! The majority of people use our FREE training program to help them get started. You’ll see that this is a very unique business model. In fact, we don’t know of any one else, Christian or not, that is offering a business opportunity like this.
As a reminder again, this isn’t MLM, Affiliate Marketing, or anything like that. It does take some work, but a lot less than most businesses and gives much more freedom than a 9-5 job. It does take a computer, high speed internet, and each business owner must be willing to learn our system. Thanks for visiting today, and I hope you enjoy finding more about this opportunity.  We pray God’s favor on your life and future!

 




 




 


Many blessings,
Matt, Sarah, Libby, and Mattie Kate Law

 




 


P.S. – Sarah and I have been really FLOORED and blessed by all the social media shares of late. Thank you so much! This allows us to help other start businesses and puts our DVD and book in more people’s hands.As an added bonus for anyone who shares the page or requests the book and dvd, we’re giving away a FOUR PART MP3 Audio program about entrepreneurship. The program is from one of my heroes, Peter Daniels. He shares his story of overcoming failures, illiteracy, and more after coming to know Christ at a Billy Graham crusade. He is one of our heroes and encouraged us to get up after our failures. This audio program will change your life. Instantly available when you share this page or request our FREE Package! Thanks again!

 


Total0SharesFacebook0Twitter0Google+0Pinterest0Linkedin0E-mail0 Bonus MP3 TrainingDownload your FREE MP3 Training Audio Program


 






Thanks for your interest!


 



 




First Name:*Email:*



 
















 




 


Feel free to post your questions or comments below!

 





 


Earnings Disclaimer
This site and the products offered on this site are not associated, affiliated, endorsed, or sponsored by Facebook, Bing, Yahoo, Google, or any referring party, nor have they been reviewed tested or certified by these organizations. The information book and DVD are provided free of charge and we do not share, rent, or sell your private data. 
There is no guarantee that you will earn any money using the techniques and ideas in these materials. Examples in these materials are not to be interpreted as a promise or guarantee of earnings. Earning potential is entirely dependent on the person using our product, ideas and techniques. We do not position this product as a “get rich scheme.” In order to be successful in this, or any business, one should expect to invest money, learn, and work hard in order to see results. 


 





















37 Comments





Reply 


				September 5, 2016 at 7:49 am				


Dave 
Hi Matt and Sarah – I have a question about this. Do you actually ship a real hard copy of the book and dvd program? I am curious because you only have requirements for my first name and email.  Thank you.






Reply 


				September 7, 2016 at 4:16 pm				


Matt (Admin) 
Hi Dave! Yes, we do ship out the hard copies of the books and dvds. We also send digital copies as well right away. We use email to confirm that we only ship one per household and that is why we ask for first name and email. The next page verifies shipping details. 








Reply 


				September 6, 2016 at 1:10 pm				


Lita McKay 
I am a Christian but I am SKEPTICAL – You guys sound genuine but Nothing is FREE! Please expound on what it is you’re selling and the angle. Once you reply I will have a look.






Reply 


				September 7, 2016 at 4:28 pm				


Matt (Admin) 
Hi Lita, thank you for your comments. I have also emailed you a little bit more about us, but I’ll try to provide some clarity here for you and the others. Here is a quote from above – 
YES, we do have a special mentoring program available. It costs some money, but to go through it you must have your family’s permission and pass a detailed application! We do provide FREE training as well to many people.
 Since 2011, people have asked us for training. We have two types of training available –FREE Training & our Paid Mentoring Program. Over the years, we have sent out many books and dvds (100% free of charge) and helped many people get started with this idea. They received the resources for free and never paid us a penny. We are able to send these out for free and still make a profit on the training program because some of the people who receive our resources ask us to mentor them. 
There is nothing for sale on our website without an application because we are limited in the number of people we can provide mentoring to. That is the reason for the online application and why there is no pricing on our website. Hopefully that helps!








Reply 


				September 7, 2016 at 8:03 pm				


Lita McKay 
Matt, thank you for your reply and personal email.  I am sorry for my rude comment before. I took the dive and requested the resources. It makes more sense now that you have shared. There are just so many of these crazy scams out there now. I like what I see and I have registered for the free classes at the end of October. I pray God’s blessing on you and your family and those two cute kids of yours.






Reply 


				September 9, 2016 at 1:05 am				


Kyle and Andrea 
Is it me, or are there others who are not getting a confirmation email? It says that the confirmation email was sent to verify I am a real human, but I do not see the email. Just curious.






Reply 


				September 10, 2016 at 4:51 pm				


Matt (Admin) 
Hi Kyle and Andrea, you guys are using GMAIL – and unfortunately, you’re getting the email and just don’t realize it. Check promotions and then drag it from promotions to your inbox and you’ll be all set. The confirmation goes out immediately guys and you’ll get an email to verify your shipping, so please add us to your address book or drag us to your inbox from Gmail. Sorry for any delay.








Reply 


				September 10, 2016 at 10:17 am				


Matt (Admin) 
We keep receiving many of the same questions/comments over the last few days so I’ll go ahead and address them as well as a few others. 
About Faith – We’ve got some hateful and genuine questions about our faith and if we are really Christians. A couple comments as well about how we’re “fleecing the flock”. Guys – the book and dvd are free of charge and we pay for shipping. Secondly, we provide a ton of free training online! I could go on, but if giving away something that helps people makes us “sinners”, then we’re guilty as charged. Yes, we are targeting believers for this business because of our vision to help the local church and nonprofit organizations. 
Various Questions – Yes, we’ll ship everything to you within 7-10 days, but you must request the dvd and book through the form above. The business model serves businesses and nonprofit organizations. We encourage your consultants to charge businesses, but serve nonprofits for free. Yes, we have references, testimonials, and more importantly, a spotless reputation online with our students and clients. Yes, we do make money if someone buys something. Yes, we do tithe to our local church. Yes, we have provided mentoring for free to many people. Yes, we have served in ministry in the past and still do. No, you should NOT buy something from me because I am a Christian. No, God probably didn’t send you here by divine appointment. You are probably here because you spend too much time on social media – LOL! Yes, we do have some free training available. No, we don’t reply to or publish rude comments. Yes, everything is explained in our free book and dvd. Yes, there are limited quantities we ship out each year. Lastly and best of all… I am sorry, but there is nothing I can do to prove my salvation on a website. That one made me laugh out loud. I almost replied to the comment with Christian lingo, but I opted to just delete it. 
Thank You Emails – Many thanks to our friends who have reviewed our information and sent us thank you emails and words of encouragement. We greatly appreciate you all and are humbled by God’s grace on our lives. Our prayer is that you will be encouraged by our story! Again, thank you all!






Reply 


				September 10, 2016 at 4:10 pm				


Matthew Johnson 
Dear Matt & Sarah, I have a question. I confirmed my email and was able to access the private area online. Thank you for sharing the free resources. My wife and I spent a few moments reviewing the material online but we do not see any pricing information. I feel like I would be a good fit for this but I don’t see the cost associated with the business? Can you please expound on this as we don’t want to waste your time. I did sign up for the free class in October as well.






Reply 


				September 10, 2016 at 5:05 pm				


Matt (Admin) 
Hi Matthew, I received your comment and email message yesterday as well. Your email message referenced the scholarship program as well as the costs so I’ll answer both of those questions for you. Yes, there is a scholarship program available which makes the lower mentoring program very affordable. So, there is free mentoring, the scholarship, and licensing. The reason there is no pricing anywhere on the site is that  we don’t offer special mentoring without a passing application. Programs are based upon the applicant. Once you submit your application, you can view the options available for your situation. We feel like this is the best and most honorable approach.








Reply 


				September 11, 2016 at 5:16 pm				


Sarah (Admin) 
Important Notice– We are receiving a lot of comments right now and many of you are posting your email address and shipping addresses in the comment section. If you want the resources mailed to you, please go through the correct channels and request your book and DVD here. Please request through this system as that is how we confirm your shipping address and mail out the packages. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. We truly appreciate all of you.






Reply 


				September 14, 2016 at 9:15 am				


Antoine 
I filled in the info for the DVD and book but didn’t see the bonus audio program. I had to go back to share the website of FB to get an instant download. I wanted you to know that you didn’t send me the program when I requested the book. Just so you know. Thx for doing this for the peeps of God.






Reply 


				September 15, 2016 at 1:26 pm				


Matt (Admin) 
Thanks Antoine, We’ve added the MP3 program to go out by email a few minutes after you request our resources. I checked and saw you got the email, but I published your comment and answered the question for the sake of everyone else. So for clarity, we added the bonus MP3 program to an email that comes shortly after you opt-in. Social shares is instant download. Either way, we appreciate you all. Thanks for all the amazing emails we’re receiving.








Reply 


				September 14, 2016 at 11:09 pm				


Laurna Adevino 
Dear Matt and Sarah, I wanted to write in and say thank you so much for putting this business model and training together. I am very excited and interested and will be scheduling a call with you as soon. I have a couple of questions for you guys. 
a. Can I run this solo as my husband isn’t an entrepreneur?
b. Can I run this part time or does it have to be full time?
c. How much can I make my first year – realistically both part time vs full time?
d. How do you charge nonprofits for your services? Do you give a discount?
Respectfully, 
Laurna
Palm Beach, FL






Reply 


				September 15, 2016 at 6:33 pm				


Sarah (Admin) 
Hi Laurna,
Thanks for your questions. I’m emailing you and publishing the comments because your questions are good. 
a. Every family has one entrepreneur. Matt is our entrepreneur. I am not. We still work together. I am part time, but many people work on their own. It just depends on your situation. 
b. Full time people make more money and learn faster. We encourage that. But there is an exception to every rule. We have had several part timers do very well with this business.
c. I asked Matt and he said that there is a wide variation based upon effort, skill, training, etc. Our revenues were $58K first year, $149K second year, and $200K 3rd year. We have balanced all of the business based upon our training program as well. Some trainees have made more and others less. It just depends I guess I’m sorry I can be more detailed. 
d. Matt has never charged a nonprofit. In fact, he is helping a new church on Thursday. When you are profitable and successful, our prayer is that you’ll share and help the local nonprofits for free. 
We pray that is helpful to you. 
Sarah








Reply 


				September 15, 2016 at 4:33 pm				


Miguel Desoto 
I just wanted to come back and say thank you! We received our package in the mail today and the kids wanted to open it! LOL! It was like Christmas in San Antonio!  Love the wrapping paper job and I wanted to tell you it worked. You replied to my email already, but we laughed so hard at the wrapping paper I had to tell you. You guys ROCK for Jesus!






Reply 


				September 15, 2016 at 6:38 pm				


Sarah (Admin) 
Hi Miguel! Thanks for your reply. You know what is funny is that this was Matt’s idea and the first time we shipped the packages out, I had to take them to the post office. I had two or three boxes like the picture below and I had people actually asking me if they could have one, not knowing there was just a book and DVD inside. Matt said that if the people were asking for them, then it must be a good envelope. 









Reply 


				September 16, 2016 at 8:08 am				


Richard Kneider 
I am interested in getting information about what you are offering so my wife and myself can continue to serve others.






Reply 


				September 16, 2016 at 2:08 pm				


Sarah (Admin) 
Hi Richard! Just a reminder, to get request the DVD and book, please use the request form here. Your shipping addresses are printed on a label machine and thus the system will add you to the database. We appreciate all the awesome stories and emails! 🙂








Reply 


				September 23, 2016 at 6:22 pm				


Gina and RJ Morgan 
Dear Matt and Sarah:
Thank you for putting this together. I have been involved in many start up business ideas through the years. I have also seen dozens of business models and I have to say that this is the most organized and one of the best ideas I have seen in a very long time. I wanted to let you know that we received our package in the mail on Saturday and really love what you’re doing. We also love the vision is to help empower believers and help nonprofits. We are registered for the free training in October as well. Again, our sincerest appreciation. 
Rj Morgan






Reply 


				September 25, 2016 at 1:27 pm				


Matt (Admin) 
Hi Gina and RJ, thanks so much for your awesome comment and encouragement. We’re excited about what we’re seeing happen with the community. I saw your registration and application come through and look forward to getting to know you guys. Many blessings and thanks again.








Reply 


				October 18, 2016 at 1:41 pm				


Matt (Admin) 
Here’s a few other questions I’ve received – Yes, this business is virtual and can be run from any location in the world with internet and phone access. It is NOT limited to the USA. Yes, the book and DVD is an outline of our model and is training for the program. Yes, there is free training provided. The next class is in October. No, you don’t need to buy anything from us to learn this business and you’ll see there is no option for purchasing anything in the private area. It will take about 7-10 days to get your book and DVD. Yes, we ship real books and DVDs, but you’ll get access to digital versions as well. Yes, some information is kept private on this website due to customer confidentiality agreements that I have. We don’t publish our phone number on this website because we were getting too many calls asking us to explain the business. Our phone numbers, business information, and more proof, case studies, and testimonials are all published inside of the private area and other other websites which you’ll learn about when you request the book and DVD. 99% of your questions will be answered with the book and DVD. 






Reply 


				December 2, 2016 at 12:24 pm				


Chloe Knudsen 
Dear Matt and Sarah,
I am a nurse and was seriously injured in an automobile accident and am now unable to be hired for a nursing position.  All they see when I go to an interview is my limp and my cane.  I have been praying that God would send me a way to make some income online, as well as help other people too.  Although I cannot work directly as a nurse, my goal is to help others.  I have been duped with other work from home scams, so I pray that you are offering a legitimate way of earning an income that is legal and honest.
Thank You and God Bless,
Chloe Knudsen. BSN, RN, CPN






Reply 


				December 5, 2016 at 1:21 pm				


Matt (Admin) 
Thanks Chloe, you will see that we don’t offer mentoring or allow anyone to spend money unless they pass a detailed application. All business information is offered for free inside of the private area. If you’re a good fit, you’re welcome to apply for mentoring. We said a prayer for you today Chloe, hang in there! 🙂








Reply 


				December 27, 2016 at 2:41 am				


Ray Mills 
Hello Matt, my name is Ray and I too have a desire to start a home based business. I am a born again christian of many years
and am as skeptical as the next. I have been looking for a “work from home opportunity” many years and have tried a number of ventures.  I keep saying the same thing over and over, (there must be a legitimate opportunity on the net) but can’t find one.
   I hope and pray yours is the one!
Sincerely
 Ray Mills






Reply 


				January 25, 2017 at 6:47 pm				


Brian Mart 
You are very careful not to reveal any detail about your so called offer. 95% of online offer are scams or pyrimid offers or whatever. Send me an email and tell me what you are trying so hard to hide… and I will reuest your book and video.
Thanks,
Brian






Reply 


				January 20, 2017 at 5:21 pm				


Matt (Admin) 
Brian, if you don’t want the book and DVD then you don’t have to request it. Someone else will. While it is tempting to get defensive about what we are doing and the why… People can be their own judge. If you want the book and DVD, then request it. If not, no problem. There are several reasons we don’t share everything on this website, including customer privacy. However, that will make sense if you request our book and DVD. Sarah and I gives these away for free and we’re not forcing anyone here.








Reply 


				February 1, 2017 at 12:16 am				


James Dunson 
Please send me you Free DVD






Reply 


				February 5, 2017 at 10:17 am				


Matt (Admin) 
FYI James, you have to request it – That goes for everyone. We look at comments only once in a while. Please request it by completing the form. Many of you are posting your address here – if you want the free resources, please request them online by filling out the form. Thanks!








Reply 


				February 3, 2017 at 10:48 am				


Joann 
Hello Matt and Sarah…..I have been checking online for added income and was glad to see your info for Christians as I have left this journey up to God in my prayers.  I have read all the info and other comments.  So that I don’t waste your money and time will you answer the following for me even though I know that it will be in the info that you will be sending out.  Does this involve working with people and businesses and churches.  The reason that I ask this is that we live in a very small town of less than 200 people and 2 to 3 hours from larger towns.  Thank you and God Bless your efforts.  Joann






Reply 


				February 5, 2017 at 5:06 pm				


Matt (Admin) 
Hey Joan, yes it is included in the resources, but it does involve working with people, businesses, churches, etc. We are consultants and that is all covered in the book/DVD. You do not have to work with only local businesses. I have worked with clients in Seattle and the UK. It is virtual of course, so don’t worry about the small town.








Reply 


				February 11, 2017 at 7:16 pm				


Carl 
Hi Matt and Sarah I just went thru the steps on ordering my dvd and books great Praise the Lord there are still good Christians doing the right thing helping others I can’t believe some of the comments about one inperticular that stated that nothing is for free my sister suppose to be a Christian to and she says the same thing but what they don’t realize things coming from God’s work is free thank you both I am a disable evangelist  I have to use a walking cane and doctors says i can’t work but God says He has work for me on the internet and I believe that is why I came across your website is because God directed me to it May God Bless you both






Reply 


				February 13, 2017 at 5:12 pm				


Matt (Admin) 
Thanks Carl. 🙂 People can be critical… but if I stay caught up with what everyone thinks I would not be able to do what we’re doing. Everyone is skeptical I guess. Part of the territory. Some will request the book and dvd, some won’t. It doesn’t really matter to us. We’re praying for the right people. Thx again for the comment.








Reply 


				March 2, 2017 at 4:22 pm				


Matt (Admin) 
Yes, we’re still offering the free resources in 2017. We ship packages out about once per week. Thanks!






Reply 


				March 9, 2017 at 3:43 pm				


jerry 
I am a believer, but I have been scammed before. Being a Christian does not exclude us from that aspect of life.  I believe in people and the good nature that God instills in us. What you’re doing is admirable and I applaud you and your family for sharing. May God continue to bless you and the work he has prepared for you.
 Thanks!
Jerry. Pastor and Schoolteacher






Reply 


				April 5, 2017 at 5:25 pm				


Matt (Admin) 
FYI Guys – if you have a detailed question, click on the contact us link at the top. We’re only checking and approving comments here about once every two months now because we’ve received so many. If you’re seeing this page, we have books and DVDs in stock and are giving them away. We’re not trying to cause a theological debate here about business and Jesus. We love entrepreneurship and want to see Christian entrepreneurs win. You can request the book and DVD package. If it isn’t for you, you can pass it along. No hard feelings either way! Blessings and thanks for visiting today! 
Matt






Reply 


				May 8, 2017 at 2:19 pm				


Matt (Admin) 
As of May, 2017, we are still sending out packages. If you have a question, please use the contact us link at the top as we’re only replying to comments about once a month or so. Thanks again for your interest. FYI – We also created a free information package which is available for instant digital download that includes the book and DVD content. This way you can review the information faster. We are still shipping out hard copies of the book and DVD however. Blessings and again, thanks for your interest.





Leave Comment


 Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *CommentYou may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Name *
Email *
Website
 Matt, please also send me an email on how to get my Free DVD/Book. clear formSubmit

 


























Wendy Kirkland





























 
 
 

















 
They’re Doing It...
 
Shawn was thrilled to leave his 12-hour a day construction job... provide  his family with the financial security they deserve... and spend more time  doing the things he enjoys doing.
Matt could finally sell his business... take his wife on the exotic cruise  she’s always dreamed of... and look forward to a lavish retirement living 6  months in Maryland and 6 months in sunny Florida.
Dottie, a great-grandmother in Lakeland, FL feels absolutely wonderful  that her newfound extra income has allowed her to pay for her 7 grandchildren’s  college educations. 

 



Grandma’s Simple Secret For Extra  Income
This Is Ending Other People’s Money  Worries Forever...
Why Not YOU?
Simply enter your email address below to tell us where to send 
your copy of this life-changing special report

Enter Email Address















Your  information is 100% secure and will NEVER be shared with anyone
Privacy Policy
 



 
Meet Wendy Kirkland
 
How  did an award-winning artist and sculptor who owned an eclectic gift shop in  Historic Biltmore Village, end up an option guru?  Let’s see…
In  2004 a freak flood destroyed the retail business Wendy and her husband had  poured every bit of their time and money into for more than 25 years. 
Since  they had no flood insurance, they lost everything… and were in real trouble.  Fortunately, a friend introduced Wendy to options trading.
Desperate  to save her family from financial ruin, Wendy started reading books, watching  financial news, and taking courses… struggling with the same sort of ups and  downs as most new traders.
Then  one day she stumbled upon a miraculous discovery.  By combining two common indicators into one,  she created a hybrid indicator that’s nearly 100% infallible!
Practically  overnight Wendy was making more money trading than she and Jack had ever made  in their store!
Inspired to help other women enjoy the financial security  she had found, Wendy started giving onIine classes. And in 2009 she  co-authored a book entitled: “Option Trading In Your Spare Time—A Guide to  Financial Independence for Women”.
“I feel I was  given a second chance,” Wendy said. “So I felt I owed it to society to give  back, and help others.  And go make a  difference”
And that’s exactly what she’s done… in spades!
Get this, undeterred by the title and pretty pink cover of her first  book, even more men than women ended up buying it!   And  that led to 6 more books, trading courses, newsletters, and advisory services.
Written about in Money Magazine, Small Business Opportunities Magazine,  and Investor’s Business Daily… Wendy is quoted as saying :  “I LOVE  that my books have helped so many people achieve financial independence through  trading, just like I had.”
Grandma’s  Simple Secret for Extra Income is Wendy’s gift to you... ENJOY!
 
Option and stock investing involves risk and is not suitable  for all investors. Only invest money you can afford to lose in stocks and  options. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The trade entry  and exit prices represent the price of the security at the time the recommendation  was made. The trade record does not represent actual investment results. Trade  examples are simulated and have certain limitations. Simulated results do not  represent actual trading. Since the trades have not been executed, the results  may have under or over compensated for the impact, if any, of certain market  factors such as lack of liquidity. No representation is being made that any  account will or is likely to achieve profit or losses similar to those shown.




WAIT! You forgot your FREE eBook!
Enter your email below and get started withGrandma's Simple Secret to Extra Income
		










