

























Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger, Expanded Third Edition: Peter D. Kaufman, Ed Wexler, Warren E. Buffett, Charles T. Munger: 9781578645015: Amazon.com: Books







 























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Fresh
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks
























































































                Books
            


             ›
         


                 Reference
             











Enter your mobile number or email address below and we'll send you a link to download the free Kindle App. Then you can start reading Kindle books on your smartphone, tablet, or computer - no Kindle device required. 
 







Apple








Android








Windows Phone








Android







To get the free app, enter your mobile phone number.

   or
        











Download to your computer

  Mac 
  Windows 8, 8 RT and Modern UI 
  Windows 8 desktop, Windows 7, XP & Vista  





Kindle Cloud Reader

  Read instantly in your browser 


























Share


Facebook
Twitter



Link copied!

































Buy Used




$74.71










FREE Shipping



 






    
    
    
    
        
    
    
    
    

Used: 






    
    
        
    
    
    
    

Like New
		

 | 

				Details
			



		Sold by
		
			
			
				First Rate!



				Fulfilled by Amazon
			





Condition:
      Used: Like New
    



Comment: Minimal surface wear, otherwise in excellent condition. Pages are clean and unmarked. May contain a marker line on the outside edge of the book.
              



Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and .
If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. We invite you to 
    learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon
  .





Add to Cart




Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser











            See All Buying Options
        





                  Add to List
                  
              








                Added to
              










            Unable to add item to List. Please try again.
          

















                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          There was an error retrieving your Wish Lists. Please try again.
                      









                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          List unavailable.
                      



















         Sell yours for a Gift Card
      


        We'll buy it for 
      

        $8.84
      




            Learn More
          



        Trade in now
      










Have one to sell?

            Sell on Amazon
        































Flip to back
Flip to front







Listen





Playing...





Paused



 

You're listening to a sample of the Audible audio edition.

Learn more













See all 2 images












Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger, Expanded Third Edition
Hardcover

– 2005



	
	
	
		
		
	        
	        by
	
    
    
        
        
        
        
        	
        	
    	

		
		
			
Peter D. Kaufman

(Editor), 



Ed Wexler

(Illustrator), 



Warren E. Buffett

(Foreword), 











Charles T. Munger
									 
									(Author)



› Visit Amazon's Charles T. Munger Page


									Find all the books, read about the author, and more.
								

See search results for this author



											Are you an author?
											Learn about Author Central








Charles T. Munger



(Author)



& 
                 1
                 more










4.7 out of 5 stars








144 customer reviews



















See all 4 formats and editions
Hide other formats and editions










                     Price
                




              New from
            

              Used from
            















Hardcover




"Please retry"







                                 —
                             







$58.99




$61.00















Hardcover 

    
      
          
        







  
  
    
      
      
        
        





        from $58.99
        
      
    
  
  
    
      
      
      
        



    
      
    







        
          15 Used from $61.00
        
      



        
          12 New from $58.99
        
      



        
          1 Collectible from $289.32
        
      

























 EXPANDED THIRD EDITION includes Charlie's 2007 USC Law School Commencement address. Edited by Peter D. Kaufman. Brand New.











Read more
Read less

























See all buying options










        Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger, Expanded Third Edition
    





        
            
                        
        
        Available from these sellers.
    
























 click to open popover 









Customers who bought this item also boughtPage 1 of 1 Start overPage 1 of 1  
This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.
Back




            Seeking Wisdom: From Darwin to Munger, 3rd Edition
        

Peter Bevelin


4.2 out of 5 stars

66

Hardcover29 offers from $36.99





            Berkshire Hathaway Letters to Shareholders
        

Warren Buffett


4.7 out of 5 stars

34

Paperback$34.99 Prime





            Common Stocks and Uncommon Profits and Other Writings
        

Philip A. Fisher


4.3 out of 5 stars

178

Paperback$14.59 Prime





            A Few Lessons for Investors and Managers from Warren E. Buffett
        

Peter Bevelin


4.4 out of 5 stars

58

Hardcover19 offers from $15.99





            Damn Right: Behind the Scenes with Berkshire Hathaway Billionaire Charlie Munger
        

Janet Lowe


4.1 out of 5 stars

62

Paperback$21.95 Prime





            The Essays of Warren Buffett: Lessons for Corporate America, Fourth Edition
        

Warren E. Buffett


4.7 out of 5 stars

253

Paperback$30.40 Prime


Next











Customers who viewed this item also viewedPage 1 of 1 Start overPage 1 of 1  
This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.
Back




            Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger (Abridged)
        

Charles T. Munger


4.4 out of 5 stars

49

Hardcover$128.10 





            Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger
        

Charles T. Munger


4.4 out of 5 stars

49

Hardcover21 offers from $131.12





            Seeking Wisdom: From Darwin to Munger, 3rd Edition
        

Peter Bevelin


4.2 out of 5 stars

66

Hardcover29 offers from $36.99





            Charlie Munger: The Complete Investor (Columbia Business School Publishing)
        

Tren Griffin


3.7 out of 5 stars

115

Hardcover$19.99 Prime





            Damn Right: Behind the Scenes with Berkshire Hathaway Billionaire Charlie Munger
        

Janet Lowe


4.1 out of 5 stars

62

Paperback$21.95 Prime





            On Success
        

Charles T. Munger


3.7 out of 5 stars

4

Hardcover23 offers from $49.85


Next



















                    Editorial Reviews
                    
                 




EXPANDED THIRD EDITION includes Charlie's 2007 USC Law School Commencement address. Edited by Peter D. Kaufman. Brand New.
						    	
					    	

Read more









NO_CONTENT_IN_FEATURE













      Tell the Publisher!
    

I'd like to read this book on Kindle

    Don't have a Kindle?  Get your Kindle here, or download a FREE  Kindle Reading App.
    



















New pick from Oprah's Book Club


                "Behold the Dreamers" by Imbolo Mbue is an unforgettable debut novel about a family's struggle to make a new life in America.  See more














Product details


Hardcover: 548 pages
Publisher: Walsworth Publishing Company; 3rd edition (2005)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1578645018
ISBN-13: 978-1578645015

    Package Dimensions: 
    
    10.1 x 10.1 x 1 inches
    
Shipping Weight: 5.3 pounds
Average Customer Review:


4.7 out of 5 stars  See all reviews (144 customer reviews)

Amazon Best Sellers Rank: 

































#4,116 in Books (See Top 100 in Books)
 































#817
in Books > Reference



If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support?



















Customer reviews4.7 out of 5 stars1444.7 out of 5 stars5 star82%4 star11%3 star5%2 star1%1 star1%Share your thoughts with other customersWrite a customer reviewSee all verified purchase reviews




        Rated by customers interested in
      


What's this?







        Investing
      


5.0 out of 5 stars



        5.0 out of 5 stars
      









          Is this feature helpful?
        


            Yes
          



            No
          







        Thank you for your feedback.
      




Top customer reviews5.0 out of 5 starsEncyclopaedia of lessons on how to be successful! A pricey book but worth buyingByBrad Revellon August 23, 2016Format: Hardcover|Verified PurchasePoor Charlie's Almanac has been on my reading list for the last couple of years. It took me a six-month sabbatical (and then some) to get through it. This is a testament to the information, lessons, references and stories from Charlie Munger. Fundamentally, this book is an encyclopedia of information on what it takes to be successful and to achieve greatness in what it is you want to do in life; all from a very successful and extremely well read (and connected) 90-ish year old billionaire!Let's be clear, this is not a book that you can quickly skim through, but rather a book you spend quality time with every day; for a good couple of months. This way you're giving yourself the best change of retaining all of Charlie's tidbits of wisdom. One of the great things about this book is the plethora of quotes from successful entrepreneurs, historians, philosophers alike whose ideas and writings have survived the test of time.Suffice to say, this is one of those books I'm going to re-read, reference and quote for the rest of my life. Well worth a purchase!Three Key Takeaways from the book:1. Charlie knows no wise people who didn't read all the time. It is more than just reading though, one has to grab ideas and do sensible things. Most people do not identify ideas, and if they do, they do not know what to do with them2. Diversification in investing is something that Charlie doesn't believe in. His recommendation is to choose three good company stocks and invest accordingly. Interesting approach given most financial advisors typically recommend the opposite3. Self-pity is always counter-productive, It's the wrong way to think. And when you avoid it you get a great advantage over everybody else or almost everybody else, because self-pity  is a standard response. And you can train yourself out of itRead more0Comment|
      60 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse4.0 out of 5 starsMunger out-Buffets Buffet....ByAmazon Customeron June 1, 2017Format: Hardcover|Verified PurchaseIn a time of algorithms and formulae, it's refreshing to read some common sense......and when comes to common sense, Poor Charlie's Almanack delivers in spades.This book is big, but that makes it an excellent coffee table/waiting room book. It's also the kind of book that one can flip through.Highly recommended for millennials. It's good to be mindful about your health and your relationships...do likewise with your finances!Read more0Comment|
      2 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 starsGreat book!ByMacon May 31, 2017Format: Hardcover|Verified PurchaseOne of the best books I've read. If you spend time thinking beyond the surface of Charlie's philosophy, this book will be extremely rewarding.Read more0Comment|
      One person found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 starsinsights into particularly powerful and practical points of viewByMichael Georgeon May 19, 2017Format: Hardcover|Verified PurchaseI felt that Mr. Munger and the others who contributed to this book really communicated a feel for someone who had a brilliant mind, and acquired practical wisdom from a very young age.  His clear practical perspective, ability to synthesize many disparate elements into a coherent theory, and his broad, multidisciplinary, far-reaching approach to life come through very clearly.  I think, too, one gets a sense of someone who wants to make the world a better place.  I struggled in places, because I am unfamiliar with the business world that he haunted most of his career.  On the other hand, I do feel that I learned some significant things about business and investing.  I thought his attacks on the lack of practicality in the science of psychology also helped me to see a little better his points of view on life.  The idea of going down a check list and the idea of using a lattice of theories to help him seemed very important.  His quickness and brilliance shines through in this book, despite the fact that he was not young when he worked on it.  There is also a sense in which he avoids and has been able to avoid some of the very painful sides to life that many other people have not.  The book displays the impact of a thinker very broad, quick and brilliant in scope.  I can recommend the book on this basis, as it does give some insight into a particular way of life and an effective, powerful and practical point of view.Read more0Comment|
      2 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 starsFantastic Educational ThoughtfulByAmazon Customeron June 28, 2017Format: Hardcover|Verified PurchaseI am not nearly as educated as Mr. Munger,  and I would bet many believe this is just a big expensive book, this is without question one of the best educational books anyone could read. You will go back to this book time after time , literally and figuratively. Mr. Munger is brilliant and thought provoking and has shared so much in this book.Read more0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 starsThe best decision you'll ever make.ByRichard E. Pitts Jr.on March 14, 2010Format: Hardcover|Verified PurchaseFirst of all, this is my first and last book review.  I don't write these ever, and I will never write one again.  However, seeing this gem had only 6 reviews and I felt this needed to be said.You can't afford to not read this.  Think of it as a gift to humanity from a higher more intelligent species - Its something you don't want to go through life having missed.I spend about 16 hours a day researching financial markets/value investing.I have read over 50 books on related subjects -  No book has influenced my thought process more that this one.  It is simply amazing.You will not get the value from this book when you close the last page, but when you see the world relate in the ways Munger lays out for you.  This is one of the greatest minds and business and he tells you his secrets.  The last chapter on the psychology of human misjudgment will live on past Munger's days.  It is his greatest work and is invaluable information.  The way your brain fires and works will literally physically change over time from the things this book teaches you.  Its a mind trainer - it teaches you how to look at problems.  It is worth its weight in platinum.I don't care who you are.  You need to buy this and pound his ideas in your head.  You won't even think its that great as you read it and might even wonder why it is praised so much.  Over time, you'll see things how Munger does and start to think like Munger does.  Whatever field you are in, this book will help you to look and analyze problems and the world as a whole in a different more intelligent manner.  Again, I cannot praise or recommend this book enough.  When your done with it and look back years later, this odd review I just wrote will make crystal clear sense to you.  Your welcome.Read more88 comments|
      428 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseSee all verified purchase reviews (newest first)Write a customer review




Customer images



See all customer images

Most recent customer reviews5.0 out of 5 starsYou'll get alot out this book and some more!I enjoyed this book thoroughly, it's a pity it had to end! Highly recommended!Published 4 days ago by Amazon Customer5.0 out of 5 starsGreat book. Great life adviseGreat book.  Great life advise.Published 5 days ago by Scott P. Smith5.0 out of 5 starsGreat book by a wonderful human beingI am happy Charlie took the time to write this gem of a book.I read it twice and loved every minute of it.Published 11 days ago by Amazon Customer5.0 out of 5 starsFive StarsLoved it!Published 16 days ago by William landeros5.0 out of 5 starsA must read for the ones who want to be greatThis is one of those books for big time players. If you miss out on the 25 cognitive biases your only hindering yourself and/or business. A must read!Published 16 days ago by Amazon Customer5.0 out of 5 starsHighly recommended.Even though it is an expensive book, it is worth every penny.  Especially for the section where he explains the cognitive biases.Published 20 days ago by Matthew Wetherbee5.0 out of 5 starsFive StarsGreat BookPublished 26 days ago by Amazon Customer5.0 out of 5 starsFive StarsGreatPublished 1 month ago by Amazon Kunde5.0 out of 5 starsFive StarsNo problems.Published 2 months ago by Amazon CustomerSearch customer reviewsSearch








What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?










The Intelligent Investor: The Definitive Book on Value Investing. A Book of Practical Counsel (Revised Edition) (Collins
Paperback

Benjamin Graham


4.5 out of 5 stars

1,523

$13.76 Prime









Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind
Hardcover

Yuval Noah Harari


4.6 out of 5 stars

3,355

$21.00 Prime









Influence: The Psychology of Persuasion, Revised Edition
Paperback

Robert B. Cialdini


4.5 out of 5 stars

1,878

$10.39 Prime









Man's Search for Meaning
Paperback

Viktor E. Frankl


4.7 out of 5 stars

3,688

$8.39 Prime









Pages with related products.
See and discover other items: publishing company, peter max, wit and wisdom, charles munger















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started









































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.







Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates














Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          










Charlie Munger - Wikipedia






















 






Charlie Munger

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Charles Munger" redirects here. For the American politician, mayor of Orlando, see Charles Henry Munger.


Charlie Munger



Munger at Berkshire Hathaway's 2010 shareholder meeting



Born
Charles Thomas Munger
(1924-01-01) January 1, 1924 (age 93)
Omaha, Nebraska, U.S.


Alma mater
University of Michigan
California Institute of Technology
Harvard University


Occupation
Investor, businessman, and philanthropist


Known for
Leading investments at Berkshire Hathaway with Warren Buffett


Salary
US$100,000


Net worth
US$1.41 billion (January 2017)


Charles Thomas Munger (born January 1, 1924) is an American investor, businessman, and philanthropist. He is vice chairman of Berkshire Hathaway, the conglomerate controlled by Warren Buffett. Buffett has described Munger as “[his] partner." Munger served as chairman of Wesco Financial Corporation from 1984 through 2011. He is also the chairman of the Daily Journal Corporation, based in Los Angeles, California, and a director of Costco Wholesale Corporation.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Investment career
3 Investment philosophy

3.1 "Elementary, worldly wisdom"
3.2 Lollapalooza effect


4 Personal life
5 Wealth and philanthropy
6 References
7 Sources
8 Further reading
9 External links

9.1 Regulatory filings





Early life and education[edit]
Munger was born in Omaha, Nebraska. As a teenager he worked at Buffett & Son, a grocery store owned by Warren Buffett's grandfather.[1] After enrolling in the University of Michigan, where he studied mathematics, he never returned to Omaha except to visit.[2] In early 1943, a few days after his 19th birthday, he dropped out of college to serve in the U.S. Army Air Corps, where he became Second Lieutenant. He continued his studies in meteorology[3] at Caltech in Pasadena, California, the town he was to make his home.[2] Through the GI Bill he took a number of advanced courses through several universities; without an undergraduate degree, he entered Harvard Law School and graduated magna cum laude with a J.D. in 1948. At Harvard he was a member of the Harvard Legal Aid Bureau.[3][4] In college and the Army he developed "an important skill": card playing. “What you have to learn is to fold early when the odds are against you, or if you have a big edge, back it heavily because you don't get a big edge often. Opportunity comes, but it doesn't come often, so seize it when it does come.”[2]
Investment career[edit]
He moved with his family to California, where he joined the law ﬁrm Wright & Garrett (later Musick, Peeler & Garrett).[2] In 1962 he founded and worked as a real estate attorney at Munger, Tolles & Olson LLP.[2] He then gave up the practice of law to concentrate on managing investments and later partnered with Otis Booth in real estate development. He then partnered with Jack Wheeler to form Wheeler, Munger, and Company, an investment firm with a seat on the Pacific Coast Stock Exchange. He wound up Wheeler, Munger, and Co. in 1976, after losses of 32% in 1973 and 31% in 1974.[2]
Although Munger is better known for his association with Buffett, he ran an investment partnership of his own from 1962 to 1975. According to Buffett's essay, "The Superinvestors of Graham-and-Doddsville," published in 1984, Munger's investment partnership generated compound annual returns of 19.8% during the 1962–75 period compared to a 5.0% annual appreciation rate for the Dow.[5]
Munger was previously the chairman of Wesco Financial Corporation, now a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. It began as a savings and loan association, but eventually grew to control Precision Steel Corp., CORT Furniture Leasing, Kansas Bankers Surety Company, and other ventures. Wesco Financial also held a concentrated equity portfolio of over US$1.5 billion in companies such as Coca-Cola, Wells Fargo, Procter & Gamble, Kraft Foods, US Bancorp, and Goldman Sachs. Munger believes that holding a concentrated number of stocks, that he knows extremely well, will in the long term produce superior returns.[6]
Wesco is based in Pasadena, California, Munger's adopted hometown. Pasadena was also the site of the company's annual shareholders' meeting, which were typically held on the Wednesday or Thursday after the more famous Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting. Munger's meetings were nearly as legendary in the investment community as those he co-hosts with Buffett in Omaha. Such meetings were often perfunctory, but Munger interacted with the other Wesco shareholders at considerable length, sometimes speculating about what his hero Benjamin Franklin would do in a given situation.[7] Meeting notes have been posted on the Futile Finance? website, but no updates exist beyond 2011.[8]
Investment philosophy[edit]
"Elementary, worldly wisdom"[edit]
In multiple speeches, and in the book Poor Charlie's Almanack, Munger has introduced the concept of "elementary, worldly wisdom" as it relates to business and finance. Munger's worldly wisdom consists of a set of mental models framed as a latticework to help solve critical business problems.[2]
Munger, along with Buffett, is one of the main inspirations behind the book Seeking Wisdom: From Darwin to Munger. Author Peter Bevelin explained his key learnings from both Munger and Buffett in a 2007 interview: "How to think about businesses and investing, how to behave in life, the importance of ethics and honesty, how to approach problems but foremost how to reduce the chance of meeting problems." Bevelin stated that previously, he "was lacking the Munger ability to un-learn my own best-loved ideas".[9]
High ethical standards are integral to Munger's philosophy and, at the 2009 Wesco Financial Corporation annual meeting, he said, "Good businesses are ethical businesses. A business model that relies on trickery is doomed to fail."[10] During an interview and Q&A session at Harvard-Westlake School on January 19, 2010, Munger referred to American philosopher Charles Frankel in his discussion on the financial crisis of 2007–08 and the philosophy of responsibility. Munger explained that Frankel believed:

...the system is responsible in proportion to the degree that the people who make the decisions bear the consequences. So to Charlie Frankel, you don’t create a loan system where all the people who make the loans promptly dump them on somebody else through lies and twaddle, and they don’t bear the responsibility when the loans are good or bad. To Frankel, that is amoral, that is an irresponsible system.[11]

Lollapalooza effect[edit]
Munger uses the term "Lollapalooza effect" for multiple biases, tendencies or mental models acting at the same time in the same direction. With the Lollapalooza effect, itself a mental model, the result is often extreme, due to the confluence of the mental models, biases or tendencies acting together, greatly increasing the likelihood of acting irrationally.[citation needed]
During a talk at Harvard in 1995 entitled The Psychology of Human Misjudgment, Munger mentions Tupperware parties and open outcry auctions, where he explained "three, four, five of these things work together and it turns human brains into mush,"[12][13] meaning that normal people will be highly likely to succumb to the multiple irrational tendencies acting in the same direction. In the Tupperware party, you have reciprocation, consistency and commitment tendency, and social proof. (The hostess gave the party and the tendency is to reciprocate; you say you like certain products during the party so purchasing would be consistent with views you've committed to; other people are buying, which is the social proof.) In the open outcry auction, there is social proof of others bidding, reciprocation tendency, commitment to buying the item, and deprivation super-reaction syndrome, i.e. sense of loss. The latter is an individual's sense of loss of what he believe should be or is his. These biases often occur at either conscious or subconscious level, and in both microeconomic and macroeconomic scale.[14][15]
Personal life[edit]
From his first marriage to Nancy Huggins,[2] Munger is a father of 2 living children: Wendy Munger, a former corporate lawyer and trustee of Stanford University,[16] and Molly Munger, a civil rights attorney and funder of a ballot initiative to raise California taxes for public education.[17]
From his marriage to Nancy Barry, Munger is a father of four children—physicist and Republican activist Charles T. Munger, Jr., Emilie Munger Ogden, Barry A. Munger and Philip R. Munger—and two stepchildren: William Harold Borthwick and David Borthwick.[18] Nancy Barry Munger died in 2010.[19]
Munger enjoys architecture and has designed multiple buildings, including dormitories at Stanford University and University of Michigan as well as the house he currently inhabits.[20]
Wealth and philanthropy[edit]
As of January 2017 Munger has an estimated net worth of $1.41 billion according to Forbes Magazine.[21]




Munger Graduate Residence at Stanford University


Munger is a major benefactor of the University of Michigan. In 2007, Munger made a $3 million gift to the University of Michigan Law School for lighting improvements in Hutchins Hall and the William W. Cook Legal Research Building, including the noted Reading Room. In 2011, Munger made another gift to the Law School, contributing $20 million for renovations to the Lawyers Club housing complex, which will cover the majority of the $39 million cost. The renovated portion of the Lawyers Club will be renamed the Charles T. Munger Residences in the Lawyers Club in his honor.[22][23][24][25] On December 28, 2011, Munger donated 10 shares of Berkshire Hathaway Class A stock (currently valued at $202,285 per share, or $2.02 million total) to the University of Michigan.[26]
In addition to the University of Michigan, Munger and his late wife Nancy B. Munger have been major benefactors of Stanford University. Nancy Munger was an alumna of Stanford, and Wendy Munger, Charlie Munger's daughter from a previous marriage, was also an alumna (A.B. 1972). Both Nancy and Wendy Munger served as members of the Stanford board of trustees. In 2004, the Mungers donated 500 shares of Berkshire Hathaway Class A stock, then valued at $43.5 million, to Stanford to build a graduate student housing complex.[27][28] The Munger Graduate Residence opened in late 2009 and now houses 600 law and graduate students.[29] The Mungers also gave a major gift to Stanford's Green Library to fund the restoration of the Bing Wing as well as the construction of a rotunda on the library's second floor, and endowed the Munger Chair in Nancy and Charles Munger Professorship of Business at Stanford Law School.[2][30]
In 1997, the Mungers donated $1.8 million to the Marlborough School in Los Angeles, of which Nancy Munger was an alumna.[2] The couple also donated to the Polytechnic School in Pasadena and the Los Angeles YMCA.[31]
Munger has been a trustee of the Harvard-Westlake School in Los Angeles for more than 40 years, and previously served as chair of the board of trustees. His five sons and stepsons as well as at least one grandson graduated from the prep school. In 2009, Munger donated eight shares of Berkshire Hathaway Class A stock, worth nearly $800,000, to Harvard-Westlake.[2][32] In 2006, Munger donated 100 shares of Berkshire Hathaway Class A stock, then valued at $9.2 million, to the school toward a building campaign at Harvard-Westlake's middle school campus. The Mungers had previously made a gift to build the $13 million Munger Science Center at the high school campus, a two-story classroom and laboratory building which opened in 1995 and has been described as "a science teacher's dream".[33][34] The design of the Science Center was substantially influenced by Munger.[2]
On April 18, 2013, the University of Michigan announced the single largest gift in its history: a US$110 million gift from Munger to fund a new "state of the art" residence designed to foster a community of scholars, where graduate students from multiple disciplines can live and exchange ideas.[35] The gift includes US$10 million for graduate student fellowships.[36]
In October 2014, Munger announced that he would donate $65 million to the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics at the University of California, Santa Barbara. This is the largest gift in the history of the school. The donation will go toward the construction of a residence building for visitors of the Kavli Institute in an effort to bring together physicists to exchange ideas as Munger stated,"to talk to one another, create new stuff, cross-fertilize ideas".[37]
In March 2016, Munger announced a further $200 million gift to UC Santa Barbara for state of the art student housing, tripling the record gift he gave for the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics.[38][39]
Munger has not signed The Giving Pledge that was started by his partner Warren Buffett and Co-Director, Bill Gates.[40]
References[edit]


^ "Charlie Munger: Background & bio". Value Walk. Retrieved March 8, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l Janet Lowe. Damn Right!: Behind the Scenes with Berkshire Hathaway Billionaire Charlie Munger (2000). John Wiley and Sons.
^ a b "The World's Billionaires #1324 Charles Munger". Forbes. October 31, 2014. 
^ "A Special Event". Harvard Law School Alumni Center. Retrieved March 8, 2016. 
^ Warren Buffett (Fall 1984). "The Superinvestors of Graham-and-Doddsville" (PDF). Safal Niveshak. 
^ Jill Perry (January 29, 2008). "Financier Munger Gives DuBridge Lecture". California Institute of Technology. 
^ Whitney Tilson (9 May 2007). "Whitney Tilson’s 2007 Wesco Annual Meeting Notes" (PDF). Tilson Funds. Tilson Funds. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ Various (2014). "Charlie Munger". Futile Finance?. Futile Finance?. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ Joe Koster (17 October 2007). "Interview with Peter Bevelin, author of Seeking Wisdom - from Darwin to Munger". Value Investing World. Google Inc. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ Charlie Munger's got a billion words of wisdom, May 17, 2009, Los Angeles Times, Accessed January 3, 2010
^ "Munger Talk at Harvard-Westlake". Scribd (from Santangel's Review). Scribd Inc. 17 October 2012. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ "Charlie Munger on the Psychology of Human Misjudgment" (PDF). RBCPA. June 1995. 
^ The Psychology of Human Misjudgement - Charlie Munger. YouTube. June 2015. YouTube title: The Psychology of Human Misjudgement - Charlie Munger 
^ Kaufman, Peter. Poor Charlie's Almanack. Donning Company. ISBN 1-57864-303-1. 
^ Hirschey, Mark (2008). Managerial Economics. Cengage Learning. p. 20. Retrieved 29 March 2011. 
^ "Munger elected to Board of Trustees". Stanford University. February 12, 2003. 
^ Steven Harmon (March 1, 2012). "Political novice no stranger to upending status quo". San Jose Mercury News. 
^ Janet Lowe (16 August 2000). "Chapter One: An Extraordinary Combination of Minds" (PDF). Damn Right!: Behind the Scenes with Berkshire Hathaway Billionaire Charlie Munger. Wiley. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ Kathleen J. Sullivan (23 February 2010). "Memorial to be held in March for former trustee Nancy Barry Munger". Stanford News. Stanford University. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ "Warren Buffet on Charlie Munger" (PDF). Berkshire Hathaway. p. 26. 
^ "Charles Munger". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-21. 
^ "Munger: A Leading Light." University of Michigan Law School.
^ Janet Lorin, "Berkshire’s Munger Gives $20 Million to Michigan Law School"(March 14, 2011). Bloomberg.
^ Kyle Feldscher, "Former Michigan student Charles Munger donates $20 million for Lawyers Club renovation project" (March 14, 2011). AnnArbor.com.
^ "$20 million gift jumpstarts renovation at M Law's Lawyers Club." University of Michigan Law School.
^ Kevin Roose, "Munger Donates $1.2 Million to University of Michigan." New York Times. January 10, 2011.
^ "Mungers donate $43.5 million to help construct new graduate student residence" (August 26, 2004). Stanford University.
^ Ulysses Torassa. "Stanford: $43.5 million given for more graduate student housing" (August 27, 2004). San Francisco Chronicle.
^ Kathleen J. Sullivan, "Memorial to be held in March for former trustee Nancy Barry Munger" (February 23, 2010). Stanford University.
^ "Farewells" (May/June 2011). Stanford Magazine.
^ "Financier Munger Gives DuBridge Lecture" (January 29, 2008). California Institute of Technology.
^ Jamie Kim, "Munger donates $800,000 of stock to school" (February 11, 2010). Harvard-Westlake Chronicle.
^ Steve Jordon, "Munger Gives 100 Shares of Berkshire to Prep School" (June 22, 2006). Omaha World-Herald.
^ Beth Schuster, "A Science Teacher's Dream in Studio City: New $13-million center gives students at Harvard-Westlake School top-notch, hands-on lessons" (December 24, 1995). Los Angeles Times.
^ O'Toole, James. "Buffett associate Charlie Munger pledges $110 million to University of Michigan". CNNMoney. Retrieved 19 April 2013. 
^ Associated Press. "$110 million donation largest in UM history". The Toledo Blade. Retrieved 19 April 2013. 
^ De La Merced, Michael. "Charles Munger, Warren Buffett’s Longtime Business Partner, Makes $65 Million Gift". Retrieved 24 October 2014. 
^ Brugger, Kelsey (March 24, 2016). "Charlie Munger Donates $200 Million to UCSB for New Dorms". Santa Barbara Independent. Santa Barbara, California. Retrieved March 25, 2016. 
^ Yelimeli, Supriya (March 28, 2016). "Billionaire Donates $200M To Fix ‘Gross’ Dorms". Daily Nexus. Santa Barbara, California. Retrieved March 29, 2016. 
^ "The Giving Pledge website". 


Sources[edit]

Lowe, Janet (2000) Damn Right! Behind the scenes with Berkshire Hathaway billionaire Charlie Munger, John Wiley & Sons (ISBN 0-471-24473-2)
Kaufman, Peter (2005 and 2006 for the second edition) Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger
Bevelin, Peter (2007) Seeking Wisdom: From Darwin to Munger (ISBN 1-57864-428-3)
Labitan, Bud (2008) The Four Filters Invention of Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger, Acalmix (ISBN 978-0-615-24129-6)

Further reading[edit]

Rojas, Claudio R. (2014). "An Indeterminate Theory of Canadian Corporate Law". University of British Columbia Law Review. 47 (1): 59–128 ("The author's perspective on Berkshire Hathaway's investment philosophy was informed by discussions with Warren Buffett in Omaha, Nebraska": pp. 59, 122–124). SSRN 2391775 . 

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Charlie Munger



Charlie Munger – Treasure Trove
Charlie Munger – A Compilation
Charlie Munger – USC Law School Commencement Speech – May 13, 2007
Audio: Standard Causes of Human Misjudgment
Charlie Munger Link Collection
Munger Speeches & Writings
Munger's Speech on Mental Models
"In the Money" (2001 Harvard Law Bulletin article)
A Lesson on Elementary, Worldly Wisdom As It Relates To Investment Management & Business (1994 USC Business School)
Charlie Munger's Lollapalooza Effect and This Credit Fiasco (2008)
Munger Says 'Thank God' U.S. Opted for Bailouts Over Handouts (Bloomberg article) (2010)
Charlie Munger Quotes

Regulatory filings[edit]

SEC.gov – Wesco Financial Corp (WSC) – EDGAR Filings (CIK: 0000105729) the EDGAR database
SEC.gov – Charles T. Munger – EDGAR Filings (CIK: 0001078511) the EDGAR database







v
t
e


Berkshire Hathaway



Board of directors



Warren Buffett (Chairman and CEO)
Charlie Munger
Howard Graham Buffett
Susan Decker
Bill Gates
David Gottesman
Charlotte Guyman
Donald Keough
Thomas Murphy
Ronald Olson
Walter Scott Jr.





Insurance



Applied Underwriters
Berkshire Hathaway Assurance
Berkshire Hathaway Homestate Companies

Kansas Bankers Surety Company


Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance
BoatUS
Central States Indemnity
Gateway Underwriters Agency
GEICO
GEICO Marine Insurance Company
Gen Re
Medical Protective
National Indemnity Company

GUARD Insurance


United States Liability Insurance Group





Materials and
construction



Acme Brick
Benjamin Moore & Co.
Charter Brokerage
Clayton Homes
International Metalworking Companies
Johns Manville
Lubrizol
Marmon

Marmon-Herrington
Procor
Union Tank Car Company


MiTek
Mouser Electronics
Precision Castparts Corp.

Carlton Forge Works
Special Metals
Timet
Wyman-Gordon


Shaw Industries
TTI





Furniture



CORT Business Services
Jordan's Furniture
Larson-Juhl
Nebraska Furniture Mart
RC Willey Home Furnishings
Star Furniture





Apparel



Brooks Sports
Fruit of the Loom

Russell
Vanity Fair


Fechheimer Brothers
Garanimals
H.H. Brown Shoe Group

Acme Boots


Justin Brands
Louis





Transportation



Berkshire Hathaway Automotive
Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation
FlightSafety International
Forest River
Marquis Jet
McLane
NetJets
NetJets Europe
UTLX
XTRA Lease





Food



CTB International
International Dairy Queen

Dairy Queen
Karmelkorn
Orange Julius


Kraft Heinz
The Pampered Chef
See's Candies





Media



The Buffalo News
Business Wire





BH Media






Newspapers




Bristol Herald Courier
Culpeper Star-Exponent
The Daily Nonpareil
Danville Register & Bee
Dothan Eagle
Eden Daily News
The Eagle
Enterprise Ledger
Grand Island Independent
Hickory Daily Record
Independent Tribune
Jackson County Floridan
Kearney Hub
Martinsville Bulletin
The Morning News
Nelson County Times
News & Record
News & Messenger
North Platte Telegraph
Omaha World-Herald
Opelika-Auburn News
The Press of Atlantic City
Roanoke Times
Richmond Times-Dispatch
Star-Herald
Statesville Record & Landmark
The Daily Progress
The Free Lance–Star
The McDowell News
The News & Advance
The News Herald
The News Virginian
The Reidsville Review
Tulsa World
Waco Tribune-Herald
Winston-Salem Journal
York News-Times








Television stations




WPLG











Jewelry



Ben Bridge Jeweler
Borsheim's Fine Jewelry
Helzberg Diamonds
Richline Group





Scott Fetzer



Campbell Hausfeld
Ginsu
Kirby
World Book Encyclopedia





Energy



MidAmerican Energy Company
NV Energy
PacifiCorp
Northern Powergrid
CalEnergy Generation
Kern River Gas Transmission Company
Northern Natural Gas
HomeServices of America





Other



Duracell
Oriental Trading Company





Related articles



Blue Chip Stamps
Wesco Financial
Owned assets








 Category









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 33233504
LCCN: n00090780
ISNI: 0000 0001 1051 9963
GND: 143363689
NDL: 00895222










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Charlie_Munger&oldid=788404902"					
Categories: 1924 birthsLiving peopleAmerican billionairesAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican financial analystsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican financiersAmerican insurance businesspeopleAmerican investorsAmerican money managersAmerican philanthropistsAmerican stock tradersBerkshire Hathaway employeesBusinesspeople from Omaha, NebraskaCalifornia Institute of Technology alumniDirectors of Berkshire HathawayHarvard Law School alumniNebraska lawyersUniversity of Michigan alumniHidden categories: Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançaisՀայերենItalianoעבריתNederlands日本語PolskiРусскийSuomiSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 06:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Charlie Munger - Wikipedia






















 






Charlie Munger

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Charles Munger" redirects here. For the American politician, mayor of Orlando, see Charles Henry Munger.


Charlie Munger



Munger at Berkshire Hathaway's 2010 shareholder meeting



Born
Charles Thomas Munger
(1924-01-01) January 1, 1924 (age 93)
Omaha, Nebraska, U.S.


Alma mater
University of Michigan
California Institute of Technology
Harvard University


Occupation
Investor, businessman, and philanthropist


Known for
Leading investments at Berkshire Hathaway with Warren Buffett


Salary
US$100,000


Net worth
US$1.41 billion (January 2017)


Charles Thomas Munger (born January 1, 1924) is an American investor, businessman, and philanthropist. He is vice chairman of Berkshire Hathaway, the conglomerate controlled by Warren Buffett. Buffett has described Munger as “[his] partner." Munger served as chairman of Wesco Financial Corporation from 1984 through 2011. He is also the chairman of the Daily Journal Corporation, based in Los Angeles, California, and a director of Costco Wholesale Corporation.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Investment career
3 Investment philosophy

3.1 "Elementary, worldly wisdom"
3.2 Lollapalooza effect


4 Personal life
5 Wealth and philanthropy
6 References
7 Sources
8 Further reading
9 External links

9.1 Regulatory filings





Early life and education[edit]
Munger was born in Omaha, Nebraska. As a teenager he worked at Buffett & Son, a grocery store owned by Warren Buffett's grandfather.[1] After enrolling in the University of Michigan, where he studied mathematics, he never returned to Omaha except to visit.[2] In early 1943, a few days after his 19th birthday, he dropped out of college to serve in the U.S. Army Air Corps, where he became Second Lieutenant. He continued his studies in meteorology[3] at Caltech in Pasadena, California, the town he was to make his home.[2] Through the GI Bill he took a number of advanced courses through several universities; without an undergraduate degree, he entered Harvard Law School and graduated magna cum laude with a J.D. in 1948. At Harvard he was a member of the Harvard Legal Aid Bureau.[3][4] In college and the Army he developed "an important skill": card playing. “What you have to learn is to fold early when the odds are against you, or if you have a big edge, back it heavily because you don't get a big edge often. Opportunity comes, but it doesn't come often, so seize it when it does come.”[2]
Investment career[edit]
He moved with his family to California, where he joined the law ﬁrm Wright & Garrett (later Musick, Peeler & Garrett).[2] In 1962 he founded and worked as a real estate attorney at Munger, Tolles & Olson LLP.[2] He then gave up the practice of law to concentrate on managing investments and later partnered with Otis Booth in real estate development. He then partnered with Jack Wheeler to form Wheeler, Munger, and Company, an investment firm with a seat on the Pacific Coast Stock Exchange. He wound up Wheeler, Munger, and Co. in 1976, after losses of 32% in 1973 and 31% in 1974.[2]
Although Munger is better known for his association with Buffett, he ran an investment partnership of his own from 1962 to 1975. According to Buffett's essay, "The Superinvestors of Graham-and-Doddsville," published in 1984, Munger's investment partnership generated compound annual returns of 19.8% during the 1962–75 period compared to a 5.0% annual appreciation rate for the Dow.[5]
Munger was previously the chairman of Wesco Financial Corporation, now a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. It began as a savings and loan association, but eventually grew to control Precision Steel Corp., CORT Furniture Leasing, Kansas Bankers Surety Company, and other ventures. Wesco Financial also held a concentrated equity portfolio of over US$1.5 billion in companies such as Coca-Cola, Wells Fargo, Procter & Gamble, Kraft Foods, US Bancorp, and Goldman Sachs. Munger believes that holding a concentrated number of stocks, that he knows extremely well, will in the long term produce superior returns.[6]
Wesco is based in Pasadena, California, Munger's adopted hometown. Pasadena was also the site of the company's annual shareholders' meeting, which were typically held on the Wednesday or Thursday after the more famous Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting. Munger's meetings were nearly as legendary in the investment community as those he co-hosts with Buffett in Omaha. Such meetings were often perfunctory, but Munger interacted with the other Wesco shareholders at considerable length, sometimes speculating about what his hero Benjamin Franklin would do in a given situation.[7] Meeting notes have been posted on the Futile Finance? website, but no updates exist beyond 2011.[8]
Investment philosophy[edit]
"Elementary, worldly wisdom"[edit]
In multiple speeches, and in the book Poor Charlie's Almanack, Munger has introduced the concept of "elementary, worldly wisdom" as it relates to business and finance. Munger's worldly wisdom consists of a set of mental models framed as a latticework to help solve critical business problems.[2]
Munger, along with Buffett, is one of the main inspirations behind the book Seeking Wisdom: From Darwin to Munger. Author Peter Bevelin explained his key learnings from both Munger and Buffett in a 2007 interview: "How to think about businesses and investing, how to behave in life, the importance of ethics and honesty, how to approach problems but foremost how to reduce the chance of meeting problems." Bevelin stated that previously, he "was lacking the Munger ability to un-learn my own best-loved ideas".[9]
High ethical standards are integral to Munger's philosophy and, at the 2009 Wesco Financial Corporation annual meeting, he said, "Good businesses are ethical businesses. A business model that relies on trickery is doomed to fail."[10] During an interview and Q&A session at Harvard-Westlake School on January 19, 2010, Munger referred to American philosopher Charles Frankel in his discussion on the financial crisis of 2007–08 and the philosophy of responsibility. Munger explained that Frankel believed:

...the system is responsible in proportion to the degree that the people who make the decisions bear the consequences. So to Charlie Frankel, you don’t create a loan system where all the people who make the loans promptly dump them on somebody else through lies and twaddle, and they don’t bear the responsibility when the loans are good or bad. To Frankel, that is amoral, that is an irresponsible system.[11]

Lollapalooza effect[edit]
Munger uses the term "Lollapalooza effect" for multiple biases, tendencies or mental models acting at the same time in the same direction. With the Lollapalooza effect, itself a mental model, the result is often extreme, due to the confluence of the mental models, biases or tendencies acting together, greatly increasing the likelihood of acting irrationally.[citation needed]
During a talk at Harvard in 1995 entitled The Psychology of Human Misjudgment, Munger mentions Tupperware parties and open outcry auctions, where he explained "three, four, five of these things work together and it turns human brains into mush,"[12][13] meaning that normal people will be highly likely to succumb to the multiple irrational tendencies acting in the same direction. In the Tupperware party, you have reciprocation, consistency and commitment tendency, and social proof. (The hostess gave the party and the tendency is to reciprocate; you say you like certain products during the party so purchasing would be consistent with views you've committed to; other people are buying, which is the social proof.) In the open outcry auction, there is social proof of others bidding, reciprocation tendency, commitment to buying the item, and deprivation super-reaction syndrome, i.e. sense of loss. The latter is an individual's sense of loss of what he believe should be or is his. These biases often occur at either conscious or subconscious level, and in both microeconomic and macroeconomic scale.[14][15]
Personal life[edit]
From his first marriage to Nancy Huggins,[2] Munger is a father of 2 living children: Wendy Munger, a former corporate lawyer and trustee of Stanford University,[16] and Molly Munger, a civil rights attorney and funder of a ballot initiative to raise California taxes for public education.[17]
From his marriage to Nancy Barry, Munger is a father of four children—physicist and Republican activist Charles T. Munger, Jr., Emilie Munger Ogden, Barry A. Munger and Philip R. Munger—and two stepchildren: William Harold Borthwick and David Borthwick.[18] Nancy Barry Munger died in 2010.[19]
Munger enjoys architecture and has designed multiple buildings, including dormitories at Stanford University and University of Michigan as well as the house he currently inhabits.[20]
Wealth and philanthropy[edit]
As of January 2017 Munger has an estimated net worth of $1.41 billion according to Forbes Magazine.[21]




Munger Graduate Residence at Stanford University


Munger is a major benefactor of the University of Michigan. In 2007, Munger made a $3 million gift to the University of Michigan Law School for lighting improvements in Hutchins Hall and the William W. Cook Legal Research Building, including the noted Reading Room. In 2011, Munger made another gift to the Law School, contributing $20 million for renovations to the Lawyers Club housing complex, which will cover the majority of the $39 million cost. The renovated portion of the Lawyers Club will be renamed the Charles T. Munger Residences in the Lawyers Club in his honor.[22][23][24][25] On December 28, 2011, Munger donated 10 shares of Berkshire Hathaway Class A stock (currently valued at $202,285 per share, or $2.02 million total) to the University of Michigan.[26]
In addition to the University of Michigan, Munger and his late wife Nancy B. Munger have been major benefactors of Stanford University. Nancy Munger was an alumna of Stanford, and Wendy Munger, Charlie Munger's daughter from a previous marriage, was also an alumna (A.B. 1972). Both Nancy and Wendy Munger served as members of the Stanford board of trustees. In 2004, the Mungers donated 500 shares of Berkshire Hathaway Class A stock, then valued at $43.5 million, to Stanford to build a graduate student housing complex.[27][28] The Munger Graduate Residence opened in late 2009 and now houses 600 law and graduate students.[29] The Mungers also gave a major gift to Stanford's Green Library to fund the restoration of the Bing Wing as well as the construction of a rotunda on the library's second floor, and endowed the Munger Chair in Nancy and Charles Munger Professorship of Business at Stanford Law School.[2][30]
In 1997, the Mungers donated $1.8 million to the Marlborough School in Los Angeles, of which Nancy Munger was an alumna.[2] The couple also donated to the Polytechnic School in Pasadena and the Los Angeles YMCA.[31]
Munger has been a trustee of the Harvard-Westlake School in Los Angeles for more than 40 years, and previously served as chair of the board of trustees. His five sons and stepsons as well as at least one grandson graduated from the prep school. In 2009, Munger donated eight shares of Berkshire Hathaway Class A stock, worth nearly $800,000, to Harvard-Westlake.[2][32] In 2006, Munger donated 100 shares of Berkshire Hathaway Class A stock, then valued at $9.2 million, to the school toward a building campaign at Harvard-Westlake's middle school campus. The Mungers had previously made a gift to build the $13 million Munger Science Center at the high school campus, a two-story classroom and laboratory building which opened in 1995 and has been described as "a science teacher's dream".[33][34] The design of the Science Center was substantially influenced by Munger.[2]
On April 18, 2013, the University of Michigan announced the single largest gift in its history: a US$110 million gift from Munger to fund a new "state of the art" residence designed to foster a community of scholars, where graduate students from multiple disciplines can live and exchange ideas.[35] The gift includes US$10 million for graduate student fellowships.[36]
In October 2014, Munger announced that he would donate $65 million to the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics at the University of California, Santa Barbara. This is the largest gift in the history of the school. The donation will go toward the construction of a residence building for visitors of the Kavli Institute in an effort to bring together physicists to exchange ideas as Munger stated,"to talk to one another, create new stuff, cross-fertilize ideas".[37]
In March 2016, Munger announced a further $200 million gift to UC Santa Barbara for state of the art student housing, tripling the record gift he gave for the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics.[38][39]
Munger has not signed The Giving Pledge that was started by his partner Warren Buffett and Co-Director, Bill Gates.[40]
References[edit]


^ "Charlie Munger: Background & bio". Value Walk. Retrieved March 8, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l Janet Lowe. Damn Right!: Behind the Scenes with Berkshire Hathaway Billionaire Charlie Munger (2000). John Wiley and Sons.
^ a b "The World's Billionaires #1324 Charles Munger". Forbes. October 31, 2014. 
^ "A Special Event". Harvard Law School Alumni Center. Retrieved March 8, 2016. 
^ Warren Buffett (Fall 1984). "The Superinvestors of Graham-and-Doddsville" (PDF). Safal Niveshak. 
^ Jill Perry (January 29, 2008). "Financier Munger Gives DuBridge Lecture". California Institute of Technology. 
^ Whitney Tilson (9 May 2007). "Whitney Tilson’s 2007 Wesco Annual Meeting Notes" (PDF). Tilson Funds. Tilson Funds. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ Various (2014). "Charlie Munger". Futile Finance?. Futile Finance?. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ Joe Koster (17 October 2007). "Interview with Peter Bevelin, author of Seeking Wisdom - from Darwin to Munger". Value Investing World. Google Inc. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ Charlie Munger's got a billion words of wisdom, May 17, 2009, Los Angeles Times, Accessed January 3, 2010
^ "Munger Talk at Harvard-Westlake". Scribd (from Santangel's Review). Scribd Inc. 17 October 2012. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ "Charlie Munger on the Psychology of Human Misjudgment" (PDF). RBCPA. June 1995. 
^ The Psychology of Human Misjudgement - Charlie Munger. YouTube. June 2015. YouTube title: The Psychology of Human Misjudgement - Charlie Munger 
^ Kaufman, Peter. Poor Charlie's Almanack. Donning Company. ISBN 1-57864-303-1. 
^ Hirschey, Mark (2008). Managerial Economics. Cengage Learning. p. 20. Retrieved 29 March 2011. 
^ "Munger elected to Board of Trustees". Stanford University. February 12, 2003. 
^ Steven Harmon (March 1, 2012). "Political novice no stranger to upending status quo". San Jose Mercury News. 
^ Janet Lowe (16 August 2000). "Chapter One: An Extraordinary Combination of Minds" (PDF). Damn Right!: Behind the Scenes with Berkshire Hathaway Billionaire Charlie Munger. Wiley. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ Kathleen J. Sullivan (23 February 2010). "Memorial to be held in March for former trustee Nancy Barry Munger". Stanford News. Stanford University. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ "Warren Buffet on Charlie Munger" (PDF). Berkshire Hathaway. p. 26. 
^ "Charles Munger". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-21. 
^ "Munger: A Leading Light." University of Michigan Law School.
^ Janet Lorin, "Berkshire’s Munger Gives $20 Million to Michigan Law School"(March 14, 2011). Bloomberg.
^ Kyle Feldscher, "Former Michigan student Charles Munger donates $20 million for Lawyers Club renovation project" (March 14, 2011). AnnArbor.com.
^ "$20 million gift jumpstarts renovation at M Law's Lawyers Club." University of Michigan Law School.
^ Kevin Roose, "Munger Donates $1.2 Million to University of Michigan." New York Times. January 10, 2011.
^ "Mungers donate $43.5 million to help construct new graduate student residence" (August 26, 2004). Stanford University.
^ Ulysses Torassa. "Stanford: $43.5 million given for more graduate student housing" (August 27, 2004). San Francisco Chronicle.
^ Kathleen J. Sullivan, "Memorial to be held in March for former trustee Nancy Barry Munger" (February 23, 2010). Stanford University.
^ "Farewells" (May/June 2011). Stanford Magazine.
^ "Financier Munger Gives DuBridge Lecture" (January 29, 2008). California Institute of Technology.
^ Jamie Kim, "Munger donates $800,000 of stock to school" (February 11, 2010). Harvard-Westlake Chronicle.
^ Steve Jordon, "Munger Gives 100 Shares of Berkshire to Prep School" (June 22, 2006). Omaha World-Herald.
^ Beth Schuster, "A Science Teacher's Dream in Studio City: New $13-million center gives students at Harvard-Westlake School top-notch, hands-on lessons" (December 24, 1995). Los Angeles Times.
^ O'Toole, James. "Buffett associate Charlie Munger pledges $110 million to University of Michigan". CNNMoney. Retrieved 19 April 2013. 
^ Associated Press. "$110 million donation largest in UM history". The Toledo Blade. Retrieved 19 April 2013. 
^ De La Merced, Michael. "Charles Munger, Warren Buffett’s Longtime Business Partner, Makes $65 Million Gift". Retrieved 24 October 2014. 
^ Brugger, Kelsey (March 24, 2016). "Charlie Munger Donates $200 Million to UCSB for New Dorms". Santa Barbara Independent. Santa Barbara, California. Retrieved March 25, 2016. 
^ Yelimeli, Supriya (March 28, 2016). "Billionaire Donates $200M To Fix ‘Gross’ Dorms". Daily Nexus. Santa Barbara, California. Retrieved March 29, 2016. 
^ "The Giving Pledge website". 


Sources[edit]

Lowe, Janet (2000) Damn Right! Behind the scenes with Berkshire Hathaway billionaire Charlie Munger, John Wiley & Sons (ISBN 0-471-24473-2)
Kaufman, Peter (2005 and 2006 for the second edition) Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger
Bevelin, Peter (2007) Seeking Wisdom: From Darwin to Munger (ISBN 1-57864-428-3)
Labitan, Bud (2008) The Four Filters Invention of Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger, Acalmix (ISBN 978-0-615-24129-6)

Further reading[edit]

Rojas, Claudio R. (2014). "An Indeterminate Theory of Canadian Corporate Law". University of British Columbia Law Review. 47 (1): 59–128 ("The author's perspective on Berkshire Hathaway's investment philosophy was informed by discussions with Warren Buffett in Omaha, Nebraska": pp. 59, 122–124). SSRN 2391775 . 

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Charlie Munger



Charlie Munger – Treasure Trove
Charlie Munger – A Compilation
Charlie Munger – USC Law School Commencement Speech – May 13, 2007
Audio: Standard Causes of Human Misjudgment
Charlie Munger Link Collection
Munger Speeches & Writings
Munger's Speech on Mental Models
"In the Money" (2001 Harvard Law Bulletin article)
A Lesson on Elementary, Worldly Wisdom As It Relates To Investment Management & Business (1994 USC Business School)
Charlie Munger's Lollapalooza Effect and This Credit Fiasco (2008)
Munger Says 'Thank God' U.S. Opted for Bailouts Over Handouts (Bloomberg article) (2010)
Charlie Munger Quotes

Regulatory filings[edit]

SEC.gov – Wesco Financial Corp (WSC) – EDGAR Filings (CIK: 0000105729) the EDGAR database
SEC.gov – Charles T. Munger – EDGAR Filings (CIK: 0001078511) the EDGAR database







v
t
e


Berkshire Hathaway



Board of directors



Warren Buffett (Chairman and CEO)
Charlie Munger
Howard Graham Buffett
Susan Decker
Bill Gates
David Gottesman
Charlotte Guyman
Donald Keough
Thomas Murphy
Ronald Olson
Walter Scott Jr.





Insurance



Applied Underwriters
Berkshire Hathaway Assurance
Berkshire Hathaway Homestate Companies

Kansas Bankers Surety Company


Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance
BoatUS
Central States Indemnity
Gateway Underwriters Agency
GEICO
GEICO Marine Insurance Company
Gen Re
Medical Protective
National Indemnity Company

GUARD Insurance


United States Liability Insurance Group





Materials and
construction



Acme Brick
Benjamin Moore & Co.
Charter Brokerage
Clayton Homes
International Metalworking Companies
Johns Manville
Lubrizol
Marmon

Marmon-Herrington
Procor
Union Tank Car Company


MiTek
Mouser Electronics
Precision Castparts Corp.

Carlton Forge Works
Special Metals
Timet
Wyman-Gordon


Shaw Industries
TTI





Furniture



CORT Business Services
Jordan's Furniture
Larson-Juhl
Nebraska Furniture Mart
RC Willey Home Furnishings
Star Furniture





Apparel



Brooks Sports
Fruit of the Loom

Russell
Vanity Fair


Fechheimer Brothers
Garanimals
H.H. Brown Shoe Group

Acme Boots


Justin Brands
Louis





Transportation



Berkshire Hathaway Automotive
Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation
FlightSafety International
Forest River
Marquis Jet
McLane
NetJets
NetJets Europe
UTLX
XTRA Lease





Food



CTB International
International Dairy Queen

Dairy Queen
Karmelkorn
Orange Julius


Kraft Heinz
The Pampered Chef
See's Candies





Media



The Buffalo News
Business Wire





BH Media






Newspapers




Bristol Herald Courier
Culpeper Star-Exponent
The Daily Nonpareil
Danville Register & Bee
Dothan Eagle
Eden Daily News
The Eagle
Enterprise Ledger
Grand Island Independent
Hickory Daily Record
Independent Tribune
Jackson County Floridan
Kearney Hub
Martinsville Bulletin
The Morning News
Nelson County Times
News & Record
News & Messenger
North Platte Telegraph
Omaha World-Herald
Opelika-Auburn News
The Press of Atlantic City
Roanoke Times
Richmond Times-Dispatch
Star-Herald
Statesville Record & Landmark
The Daily Progress
The Free Lance–Star
The McDowell News
The News & Advance
The News Herald
The News Virginian
The Reidsville Review
Tulsa World
Waco Tribune-Herald
Winston-Salem Journal
York News-Times








Television stations




WPLG











Jewelry



Ben Bridge Jeweler
Borsheim's Fine Jewelry
Helzberg Diamonds
Richline Group





Scott Fetzer



Campbell Hausfeld
Ginsu
Kirby
World Book Encyclopedia





Energy



MidAmerican Energy Company
NV Energy
PacifiCorp
Northern Powergrid
CalEnergy Generation
Kern River Gas Transmission Company
Northern Natural Gas
HomeServices of America





Other



Duracell
Oriental Trading Company





Related articles



Blue Chip Stamps
Wesco Financial
Owned assets








 Category









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 33233504
LCCN: n00090780
ISNI: 0000 0001 1051 9963
GND: 143363689
NDL: 00895222










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Charlie_Munger&oldid=788404902"					
Categories: 1924 birthsLiving peopleAmerican billionairesAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican financial analystsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican financiersAmerican insurance businesspeopleAmerican investorsAmerican money managersAmerican philanthropistsAmerican stock tradersBerkshire Hathaway employeesBusinesspeople from Omaha, NebraskaCalifornia Institute of Technology alumniDirectors of Berkshire HathawayHarvard Law School alumniNebraska lawyersUniversity of Michigan alumniHidden categories: Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançaisՀայերենItalianoעבריתNederlands日本語PolskiРусскийSuomiSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 06:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Charlie Munger - Wikipedia






















 






Charlie Munger

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Charles Munger" redirects here. For the American politician, mayor of Orlando, see Charles Henry Munger.


Charlie Munger



Munger at Berkshire Hathaway's 2010 shareholder meeting



Born
Charles Thomas Munger
(1924-01-01) January 1, 1924 (age 93)
Omaha, Nebraska, U.S.


Alma mater
University of Michigan
California Institute of Technology
Harvard University


Occupation
Investor, businessman, and philanthropist


Known for
Leading investments at Berkshire Hathaway with Warren Buffett


Salary
US$100,000


Net worth
US$1.41 billion (January 2017)


Charles Thomas Munger (born January 1, 1924) is an American investor, businessman, and philanthropist. He is vice chairman of Berkshire Hathaway, the conglomerate controlled by Warren Buffett. Buffett has described Munger as “[his] partner." Munger served as chairman of Wesco Financial Corporation from 1984 through 2011. He is also the chairman of the Daily Journal Corporation, based in Los Angeles, California, and a director of Costco Wholesale Corporation.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Investment career
3 Investment philosophy

3.1 "Elementary, worldly wisdom"
3.2 Lollapalooza effect


4 Personal life
5 Wealth and philanthropy
6 References
7 Sources
8 Further reading
9 External links

9.1 Regulatory filings





Early life and education[edit]
Munger was born in Omaha, Nebraska. As a teenager he worked at Buffett & Son, a grocery store owned by Warren Buffett's grandfather.[1] After enrolling in the University of Michigan, where he studied mathematics, he never returned to Omaha except to visit.[2] In early 1943, a few days after his 19th birthday, he dropped out of college to serve in the U.S. Army Air Corps, where he became Second Lieutenant. He continued his studies in meteorology[3] at Caltech in Pasadena, California, the town he was to make his home.[2] Through the GI Bill he took a number of advanced courses through several universities; without an undergraduate degree, he entered Harvard Law School and graduated magna cum laude with a J.D. in 1948. At Harvard he was a member of the Harvard Legal Aid Bureau.[3][4] In college and the Army he developed "an important skill": card playing. “What you have to learn is to fold early when the odds are against you, or if you have a big edge, back it heavily because you don't get a big edge often. Opportunity comes, but it doesn't come often, so seize it when it does come.”[2]
Investment career[edit]
He moved with his family to California, where he joined the law ﬁrm Wright & Garrett (later Musick, Peeler & Garrett).[2] In 1962 he founded and worked as a real estate attorney at Munger, Tolles & Olson LLP.[2] He then gave up the practice of law to concentrate on managing investments and later partnered with Otis Booth in real estate development. He then partnered with Jack Wheeler to form Wheeler, Munger, and Company, an investment firm with a seat on the Pacific Coast Stock Exchange. He wound up Wheeler, Munger, and Co. in 1976, after losses of 32% in 1973 and 31% in 1974.[2]
Although Munger is better known for his association with Buffett, he ran an investment partnership of his own from 1962 to 1975. According to Buffett's essay, "The Superinvestors of Graham-and-Doddsville," published in 1984, Munger's investment partnership generated compound annual returns of 19.8% during the 1962–75 period compared to a 5.0% annual appreciation rate for the Dow.[5]
Munger was previously the chairman of Wesco Financial Corporation, now a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. It began as a savings and loan association, but eventually grew to control Precision Steel Corp., CORT Furniture Leasing, Kansas Bankers Surety Company, and other ventures. Wesco Financial also held a concentrated equity portfolio of over US$1.5 billion in companies such as Coca-Cola, Wells Fargo, Procter & Gamble, Kraft Foods, US Bancorp, and Goldman Sachs. Munger believes that holding a concentrated number of stocks, that he knows extremely well, will in the long term produce superior returns.[6]
Wesco is based in Pasadena, California, Munger's adopted hometown. Pasadena was also the site of the company's annual shareholders' meeting, which were typically held on the Wednesday or Thursday after the more famous Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting. Munger's meetings were nearly as legendary in the investment community as those he co-hosts with Buffett in Omaha. Such meetings were often perfunctory, but Munger interacted with the other Wesco shareholders at considerable length, sometimes speculating about what his hero Benjamin Franklin would do in a given situation.[7] Meeting notes have been posted on the Futile Finance? website, but no updates exist beyond 2011.[8]
Investment philosophy[edit]
"Elementary, worldly wisdom"[edit]
In multiple speeches, and in the book Poor Charlie's Almanack, Munger has introduced the concept of "elementary, worldly wisdom" as it relates to business and finance. Munger's worldly wisdom consists of a set of mental models framed as a latticework to help solve critical business problems.[2]
Munger, along with Buffett, is one of the main inspirations behind the book Seeking Wisdom: From Darwin to Munger. Author Peter Bevelin explained his key learnings from both Munger and Buffett in a 2007 interview: "How to think about businesses and investing, how to behave in life, the importance of ethics and honesty, how to approach problems but foremost how to reduce the chance of meeting problems." Bevelin stated that previously, he "was lacking the Munger ability to un-learn my own best-loved ideas".[9]
High ethical standards are integral to Munger's philosophy and, at the 2009 Wesco Financial Corporation annual meeting, he said, "Good businesses are ethical businesses. A business model that relies on trickery is doomed to fail."[10] During an interview and Q&A session at Harvard-Westlake School on January 19, 2010, Munger referred to American philosopher Charles Frankel in his discussion on the financial crisis of 2007–08 and the philosophy of responsibility. Munger explained that Frankel believed:

...the system is responsible in proportion to the degree that the people who make the decisions bear the consequences. So to Charlie Frankel, you don’t create a loan system where all the people who make the loans promptly dump them on somebody else through lies and twaddle, and they don’t bear the responsibility when the loans are good or bad. To Frankel, that is amoral, that is an irresponsible system.[11]

Lollapalooza effect[edit]
Munger uses the term "Lollapalooza effect" for multiple biases, tendencies or mental models acting at the same time in the same direction. With the Lollapalooza effect, itself a mental model, the result is often extreme, due to the confluence of the mental models, biases or tendencies acting together, greatly increasing the likelihood of acting irrationally.[citation needed]
During a talk at Harvard in 1995 entitled The Psychology of Human Misjudgment, Munger mentions Tupperware parties and open outcry auctions, where he explained "three, four, five of these things work together and it turns human brains into mush,"[12][13] meaning that normal people will be highly likely to succumb to the multiple irrational tendencies acting in the same direction. In the Tupperware party, you have reciprocation, consistency and commitment tendency, and social proof. (The hostess gave the party and the tendency is to reciprocate; you say you like certain products during the party so purchasing would be consistent with views you've committed to; other people are buying, which is the social proof.) In the open outcry auction, there is social proof of others bidding, reciprocation tendency, commitment to buying the item, and deprivation super-reaction syndrome, i.e. sense of loss. The latter is an individual's sense of loss of what he believe should be or is his. These biases often occur at either conscious or subconscious level, and in both microeconomic and macroeconomic scale.[14][15]
Personal life[edit]
From his first marriage to Nancy Huggins,[2] Munger is a father of 2 living children: Wendy Munger, a former corporate lawyer and trustee of Stanford University,[16] and Molly Munger, a civil rights attorney and funder of a ballot initiative to raise California taxes for public education.[17]
From his marriage to Nancy Barry, Munger is a father of four children—physicist and Republican activist Charles T. Munger, Jr., Emilie Munger Ogden, Barry A. Munger and Philip R. Munger—and two stepchildren: William Harold Borthwick and David Borthwick.[18] Nancy Barry Munger died in 2010.[19]
Munger enjoys architecture and has designed multiple buildings, including dormitories at Stanford University and University of Michigan as well as the house he currently inhabits.[20]
Wealth and philanthropy[edit]
As of January 2017 Munger has an estimated net worth of $1.41 billion according to Forbes Magazine.[21]




Munger Graduate Residence at Stanford University


Munger is a major benefactor of the University of Michigan. In 2007, Munger made a $3 million gift to the University of Michigan Law School for lighting improvements in Hutchins Hall and the William W. Cook Legal Research Building, including the noted Reading Room. In 2011, Munger made another gift to the Law School, contributing $20 million for renovations to the Lawyers Club housing complex, which will cover the majority of the $39 million cost. The renovated portion of the Lawyers Club will be renamed the Charles T. Munger Residences in the Lawyers Club in his honor.[22][23][24][25] On December 28, 2011, Munger donated 10 shares of Berkshire Hathaway Class A stock (currently valued at $202,285 per share, or $2.02 million total) to the University of Michigan.[26]
In addition to the University of Michigan, Munger and his late wife Nancy B. Munger have been major benefactors of Stanford University. Nancy Munger was an alumna of Stanford, and Wendy Munger, Charlie Munger's daughter from a previous marriage, was also an alumna (A.B. 1972). Both Nancy and Wendy Munger served as members of the Stanford board of trustees. In 2004, the Mungers donated 500 shares of Berkshire Hathaway Class A stock, then valued at $43.5 million, to Stanford to build a graduate student housing complex.[27][28] The Munger Graduate Residence opened in late 2009 and now houses 600 law and graduate students.[29] The Mungers also gave a major gift to Stanford's Green Library to fund the restoration of the Bing Wing as well as the construction of a rotunda on the library's second floor, and endowed the Munger Chair in Nancy and Charles Munger Professorship of Business at Stanford Law School.[2][30]
In 1997, the Mungers donated $1.8 million to the Marlborough School in Los Angeles, of which Nancy Munger was an alumna.[2] The couple also donated to the Polytechnic School in Pasadena and the Los Angeles YMCA.[31]
Munger has been a trustee of the Harvard-Westlake School in Los Angeles for more than 40 years, and previously served as chair of the board of trustees. His five sons and stepsons as well as at least one grandson graduated from the prep school. In 2009, Munger donated eight shares of Berkshire Hathaway Class A stock, worth nearly $800,000, to Harvard-Westlake.[2][32] In 2006, Munger donated 100 shares of Berkshire Hathaway Class A stock, then valued at $9.2 million, to the school toward a building campaign at Harvard-Westlake's middle school campus. The Mungers had previously made a gift to build the $13 million Munger Science Center at the high school campus, a two-story classroom and laboratory building which opened in 1995 and has been described as "a science teacher's dream".[33][34] The design of the Science Center was substantially influenced by Munger.[2]
On April 18, 2013, the University of Michigan announced the single largest gift in its history: a US$110 million gift from Munger to fund a new "state of the art" residence designed to foster a community of scholars, where graduate students from multiple disciplines can live and exchange ideas.[35] The gift includes US$10 million for graduate student fellowships.[36]
In October 2014, Munger announced that he would donate $65 million to the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics at the University of California, Santa Barbara. This is the largest gift in the history of the school. The donation will go toward the construction of a residence building for visitors of the Kavli Institute in an effort to bring together physicists to exchange ideas as Munger stated,"to talk to one another, create new stuff, cross-fertilize ideas".[37]
In March 2016, Munger announced a further $200 million gift to UC Santa Barbara for state of the art student housing, tripling the record gift he gave for the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics.[38][39]
Munger has not signed The Giving Pledge that was started by his partner Warren Buffett and Co-Director, Bill Gates.[40]
References[edit]


^ "Charlie Munger: Background & bio". Value Walk. Retrieved March 8, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l Janet Lowe. Damn Right!: Behind the Scenes with Berkshire Hathaway Billionaire Charlie Munger (2000). John Wiley and Sons.
^ a b "The World's Billionaires #1324 Charles Munger". Forbes. October 31, 2014. 
^ "A Special Event". Harvard Law School Alumni Center. Retrieved March 8, 2016. 
^ Warren Buffett (Fall 1984). "The Superinvestors of Graham-and-Doddsville" (PDF). Safal Niveshak. 
^ Jill Perry (January 29, 2008). "Financier Munger Gives DuBridge Lecture". California Institute of Technology. 
^ Whitney Tilson (9 May 2007). "Whitney Tilson’s 2007 Wesco Annual Meeting Notes" (PDF). Tilson Funds. Tilson Funds. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ Various (2014). "Charlie Munger". Futile Finance?. Futile Finance?. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ Joe Koster (17 October 2007). "Interview with Peter Bevelin, author of Seeking Wisdom - from Darwin to Munger". Value Investing World. Google Inc. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ Charlie Munger's got a billion words of wisdom, May 17, 2009, Los Angeles Times, Accessed January 3, 2010
^ "Munger Talk at Harvard-Westlake". Scribd (from Santangel's Review). Scribd Inc. 17 October 2012. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ "Charlie Munger on the Psychology of Human Misjudgment" (PDF). RBCPA. June 1995. 
^ The Psychology of Human Misjudgement - Charlie Munger. YouTube. June 2015. YouTube title: The Psychology of Human Misjudgement - Charlie Munger 
^ Kaufman, Peter. Poor Charlie's Almanack. Donning Company. ISBN 1-57864-303-1. 
^ Hirschey, Mark (2008). Managerial Economics. Cengage Learning. p. 20. Retrieved 29 March 2011. 
^ "Munger elected to Board of Trustees". Stanford University. February 12, 2003. 
^ Steven Harmon (March 1, 2012). "Political novice no stranger to upending status quo". San Jose Mercury News. 
^ Janet Lowe (16 August 2000). "Chapter One: An Extraordinary Combination of Minds" (PDF). Damn Right!: Behind the Scenes with Berkshire Hathaway Billionaire Charlie Munger. Wiley. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ Kathleen J. Sullivan (23 February 2010). "Memorial to be held in March for former trustee Nancy Barry Munger". Stanford News. Stanford University. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ "Warren Buffet on Charlie Munger" (PDF). Berkshire Hathaway. p. 26. 
^ "Charles Munger". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-21. 
^ "Munger: A Leading Light." University of Michigan Law School.
^ Janet Lorin, "Berkshire’s Munger Gives $20 Million to Michigan Law School"(March 14, 2011). Bloomberg.
^ Kyle Feldscher, "Former Michigan student Charles Munger donates $20 million for Lawyers Club renovation project" (March 14, 2011). AnnArbor.com.
^ "$20 million gift jumpstarts renovation at M Law's Lawyers Club." University of Michigan Law School.
^ Kevin Roose, "Munger Donates $1.2 Million to University of Michigan." New York Times. January 10, 2011.
^ "Mungers donate $43.5 million to help construct new graduate student residence" (August 26, 2004). Stanford University.
^ Ulysses Torassa. "Stanford: $43.5 million given for more graduate student housing" (August 27, 2004). San Francisco Chronicle.
^ Kathleen J. Sullivan, "Memorial to be held in March for former trustee Nancy Barry Munger" (February 23, 2010). Stanford University.
^ "Farewells" (May/June 2011). Stanford Magazine.
^ "Financier Munger Gives DuBridge Lecture" (January 29, 2008). California Institute of Technology.
^ Jamie Kim, "Munger donates $800,000 of stock to school" (February 11, 2010). Harvard-Westlake Chronicle.
^ Steve Jordon, "Munger Gives 100 Shares of Berkshire to Prep School" (June 22, 2006). Omaha World-Herald.
^ Beth Schuster, "A Science Teacher's Dream in Studio City: New $13-million center gives students at Harvard-Westlake School top-notch, hands-on lessons" (December 24, 1995). Los Angeles Times.
^ O'Toole, James. "Buffett associate Charlie Munger pledges $110 million to University of Michigan". CNNMoney. Retrieved 19 April 2013. 
^ Associated Press. "$110 million donation largest in UM history". The Toledo Blade. Retrieved 19 April 2013. 
^ De La Merced, Michael. "Charles Munger, Warren Buffett’s Longtime Business Partner, Makes $65 Million Gift". Retrieved 24 October 2014. 
^ Brugger, Kelsey (March 24, 2016). "Charlie Munger Donates $200 Million to UCSB for New Dorms". Santa Barbara Independent. Santa Barbara, California. Retrieved March 25, 2016. 
^ Yelimeli, Supriya (March 28, 2016). "Billionaire Donates $200M To Fix ‘Gross’ Dorms". Daily Nexus. Santa Barbara, California. Retrieved March 29, 2016. 
^ "The Giving Pledge website". 


Sources[edit]

Lowe, Janet (2000) Damn Right! Behind the scenes with Berkshire Hathaway billionaire Charlie Munger, John Wiley & Sons (ISBN 0-471-24473-2)
Kaufman, Peter (2005 and 2006 for the second edition) Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger
Bevelin, Peter (2007) Seeking Wisdom: From Darwin to Munger (ISBN 1-57864-428-3)
Labitan, Bud (2008) The Four Filters Invention of Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger, Acalmix (ISBN 978-0-615-24129-6)

Further reading[edit]

Rojas, Claudio R. (2014). "An Indeterminate Theory of Canadian Corporate Law". University of British Columbia Law Review. 47 (1): 59–128 ("The author's perspective on Berkshire Hathaway's investment philosophy was informed by discussions with Warren Buffett in Omaha, Nebraska": pp. 59, 122–124). SSRN 2391775 . 

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Charlie Munger



Charlie Munger – Treasure Trove
Charlie Munger – A Compilation
Charlie Munger – USC Law School Commencement Speech – May 13, 2007
Audio: Standard Causes of Human Misjudgment
Charlie Munger Link Collection
Munger Speeches & Writings
Munger's Speech on Mental Models
"In the Money" (2001 Harvard Law Bulletin article)
A Lesson on Elementary, Worldly Wisdom As It Relates To Investment Management & Business (1994 USC Business School)
Charlie Munger's Lollapalooza Effect and This Credit Fiasco (2008)
Munger Says 'Thank God' U.S. Opted for Bailouts Over Handouts (Bloomberg article) (2010)
Charlie Munger Quotes

Regulatory filings[edit]

SEC.gov – Wesco Financial Corp (WSC) – EDGAR Filings (CIK: 0000105729) the EDGAR database
SEC.gov – Charles T. Munger – EDGAR Filings (CIK: 0001078511) the EDGAR database







v
t
e


Berkshire Hathaway



Board of directors



Warren Buffett (Chairman and CEO)
Charlie Munger
Howard Graham Buffett
Susan Decker
Bill Gates
David Gottesman
Charlotte Guyman
Donald Keough
Thomas Murphy
Ronald Olson
Walter Scott Jr.





Insurance



Applied Underwriters
Berkshire Hathaway Assurance
Berkshire Hathaway Homestate Companies

Kansas Bankers Surety Company


Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance
BoatUS
Central States Indemnity
Gateway Underwriters Agency
GEICO
GEICO Marine Insurance Company
Gen Re
Medical Protective
National Indemnity Company

GUARD Insurance


United States Liability Insurance Group





Materials and
construction



Acme Brick
Benjamin Moore & Co.
Charter Brokerage
Clayton Homes
International Metalworking Companies
Johns Manville
Lubrizol
Marmon

Marmon-Herrington
Procor
Union Tank Car Company


MiTek
Mouser Electronics
Precision Castparts Corp.

Carlton Forge Works
Special Metals
Timet
Wyman-Gordon


Shaw Industries
TTI





Furniture



CORT Business Services
Jordan's Furniture
Larson-Juhl
Nebraska Furniture Mart
RC Willey Home Furnishings
Star Furniture





Apparel



Brooks Sports
Fruit of the Loom

Russell
Vanity Fair


Fechheimer Brothers
Garanimals
H.H. Brown Shoe Group

Acme Boots


Justin Brands
Louis





Transportation



Berkshire Hathaway Automotive
Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation
FlightSafety International
Forest River
Marquis Jet
McLane
NetJets
NetJets Europe
UTLX
XTRA Lease





Food



CTB International
International Dairy Queen

Dairy Queen
Karmelkorn
Orange Julius


Kraft Heinz
The Pampered Chef
See's Candies





Media



The Buffalo News
Business Wire





BH Media






Newspapers




Bristol Herald Courier
Culpeper Star-Exponent
The Daily Nonpareil
Danville Register & Bee
Dothan Eagle
Eden Daily News
The Eagle
Enterprise Ledger
Grand Island Independent
Hickory Daily Record
Independent Tribune
Jackson County Floridan
Kearney Hub
Martinsville Bulletin
The Morning News
Nelson County Times
News & Record
News & Messenger
North Platte Telegraph
Omaha World-Herald
Opelika-Auburn News
The Press of Atlantic City
Roanoke Times
Richmond Times-Dispatch
Star-Herald
Statesville Record & Landmark
The Daily Progress
The Free Lance–Star
The McDowell News
The News & Advance
The News Herald
The News Virginian
The Reidsville Review
Tulsa World
Waco Tribune-Herald
Winston-Salem Journal
York News-Times








Television stations




WPLG











Jewelry



Ben Bridge Jeweler
Borsheim's Fine Jewelry
Helzberg Diamonds
Richline Group





Scott Fetzer



Campbell Hausfeld
Ginsu
Kirby
World Book Encyclopedia





Energy



MidAmerican Energy Company
NV Energy
PacifiCorp
Northern Powergrid
CalEnergy Generation
Kern River Gas Transmission Company
Northern Natural Gas
HomeServices of America





Other



Duracell
Oriental Trading Company





Related articles



Blue Chip Stamps
Wesco Financial
Owned assets








 Category









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 33233504
LCCN: n00090780
ISNI: 0000 0001 1051 9963
GND: 143363689
NDL: 00895222










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Charlie_Munger&oldid=788404902"					
Categories: 1924 birthsLiving peopleAmerican billionairesAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican financial analystsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican financiersAmerican insurance businesspeopleAmerican investorsAmerican money managersAmerican philanthropistsAmerican stock tradersBerkshire Hathaway employeesBusinesspeople from Omaha, NebraskaCalifornia Institute of Technology alumniDirectors of Berkshire HathawayHarvard Law School alumniNebraska lawyersUniversity of Michigan alumniHidden categories: Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançaisՀայերենItalianoעבריתNederlands日本語PolskiРусскийSuomiSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 06:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 
























 CHARLES T. MUNGER - Poor Charlie&#039;s Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T.




















 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification   {"url":"http://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250} 











 



Back to home page



|Listed in category: 






Books
>
Textbooks, Education

























This listing was ended by the seller because the item is no longer available.


















 



Ships to: 



					 	United States and many other countries 
						|  See details 








Import charges:



		
				 (amount confirmed at checkout) 
To be provided at checkout 

 help icon for Shipping - opens a layer


This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tab
This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tab



No additional import charges on delivery


Delivery:






Estimated within 4-11 business days
 help icon for Estimated delivery date - opens a layer


Estimated delivery dates  - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.




 



Ships to: 



					 	United States and many other countries 
						|  See details 















Details about   CHARLES T. MUNGER - Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T.

See original listing


CHARLES T. MUNGER - Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T.
























Photos not available for this variation






















		Item condition:
Good




“Book is in typical Used Good Condition. Will be a good reading copy. May show signs of wear to ”
... Read more










Ended:


			Jul 17, 2017

11:40:25 PDT












Price:


										US $89.49












Shipping:



FREE


				Economy Shipping

 | 

 See details 

















Item location:
Reno, NV, United States, United States








Seller:


 zuber

	            (8508
)

|

Seller's other items













									Sell one like this




















More chances to get what you wantFeedback on our suggestionsCHARLES T. MUNGER - Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T.$85.95Free shipping Poor Charlie's Almanack : The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger by Charles T.$50.00Free shipping CHARLES T. MUNGER - Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit ** Very Good Condition **$84.75Free shipping Poor Charlie's almanack. Expended Third edition.$85.51+ $3.61 Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger (Abridged) b…$92.85+ $4.99 Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger, Peter D. Kaufm$139.11Free shipping Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger, Charles T. Mun$136.11Free shipping Poor Charlie's Almanack : The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger  (1st Ed)$280.00Free shipping 
Similar sponsored itemsFeedback on our suggestionsPoor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger (Abridged) b…$92.85+ $4.99 








Description




	eBay item number:182581629346


	Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.

Last updated on
		 Jul 13, 2017 12:30:35 PDT 
		View all revisions





Item specifics


Condition:
Good
:






						  	A book that has been read but is in good condition. Very minimal damage to the cover including scuff marks, but no holes or tears. The dust jacket for hard covers may not be included. Binding has minimal wear. The majority of pages are undamaged with minimal creasing or tearing, minimal pencil underlining of text, no highlighting of text, no writing in margins. No missing pages. See the seller’s listing for full details and description of any imperfections.
									See all condition definitions- opens in a new window or tab





Seller Notes:
“Book is in typical Used Good Condition. Will be a good reading copy. May show signs of wear to cover/pages, there may be markings on the pages, and may not include supplemental items (like discs, access codes, etc). Binding will be intact and no pages will be missing. Satisfaction guaranteed.”





									 			ISBN: 

9781578643035

									 			EAN: 

9781578643035


















Questions and answers about this item



		No questions or answers have been posted about this item.

Ask a question - opens in a new window or tab












Place bid
















Time left:





Current bid:



(Approximately ##1##)






Shipping:





Import charges:


(estimated and based on max bid)
To be provided at checkout







Your max bid:










Your max bid:



















		By clicking Confirm bid, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.



		By clicking Confirm bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions  - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount. 










Cancel






Loading...




Resume bidding, if the page does not update immediately.


Place bid
Review and confirm your bid
Bid confirmation
d
h
m
s
day
hour
hours
FREE shipping
See item description
Calculate
(Approximately ##1##)
(Enter ##1## or more)
(Enter more than ##1##)
Your max bid:
Increase max bid
Place bid
Confirm bid
Increase max bid
Cancel
Change bid
Close
, you've been outbid. Don't let it get away - bid again!
, you're the highest bidder on this item. Hope you win it!
, you're the first bidder. Hope you win!
, you're currently the high bidder, but you're close to getting outbid.
, this auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder.
, you're the high bidder, but the reserve price hasn't been met.
Please enter your bid again.
Please enter a valid number as the bid price.
Enter an amount that is equal or greater than the minimum bid required. This can be found under the bid entry box.
Maximum bids can't be lowered once they're submitted.
This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item. Get a PayPal account here .
Your bid is greater than or equal to the Buy It Now price. We recommend you purchase this item via Buy It Now. If you still wish to bid, you may do so below.

























Time left:





Current bid:


(approximately ##1##)





Your maximum bid:


(approximately ##1##)





Increase your maximum bid:
















			By clicking 1 Click Bid, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder. Learn moreabout 1-click bid  - opens in a new window or tab






day
hour
min
sec
days
hours
mins
secs
(approximately ##1##)
Winning bid:
Starting bid:
Close
Congrats! The auction has ended and you're the winner.
The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met.
Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid.
Good news, you're the high bidder.
Sorry, you've been outbid.
You're the high bidder, but the reserve price is not met.
Please enter a higher amount than the current bid.
Maximum bids cannot be lowered once submitted.
Please enter a valid number.












































Back to home page



Return to top

















Books | eBay
 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordBooksAll CategoriesAntiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification   There seems to be a problem serving the request at this timeSkip to page navigationRefineBooksShop by CategoryShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Shop by CategoryGo to previous slide - Shop by CategoryNonfictionAntiquarian & CollectibleTextbooks, EducationFiction & LiteratureMagazine Back IssuesChildren & Young AdultsOther BooksCookbooksAccessoriesAudiobooksGo to next slide - Shop by CategorySmart Savings on TextbooksSave big on new and used titlesShop EventShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Smart Savings on TextbooksGo to previous slide - Smart Savings on Textbooks$97.05$25.00$91.63$231.87$35.90$40.90$33.95$203.24Go to next slide - Smart Savings on TextbooksSave on BooksTrending price is based on prices over last 90 days.Showing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Save on BooksGo to previous slide - Save on BooksBlue Book of Gun Values 38th Edition 2017 IN STOCK FOR FAST DELIVERY Gun Store$34.49Trending at $40.11D&D Core Rulebook: Player's Handbook by Wizards RPG Team (2014, Hardcover)$23.00Trending at $24.00The Swamp Washington's Murky Pool of Corruption and Cronyism by Eric Bolling NEW$12.99Trending at $16.19Portraits of Courage : A Commander in Chief's Tribute to America's Warriors by G$16.78Trending at $23.69KING JAMES VERSION HOLY BIBLE KJV Red Letter Thumb Index Black Faux Leather!$19.95Trending at $22.2916th Seduction (Women's Murder Club), Patterson, James  Book$15.95Trending at $18.09The Legend of Zelda: Art and Artifacts by Nintendo (2017, Hardcover)$19.00Trending at $26.23The Land of Stories SEALED Hardcover BRAND NEW Chris Colfer 5 BOOKS Lot BOXED$35.37Trending at $45.00Go to next slide - Save on BooksBest SellingTrending price is based on prices over last 90 days.Showing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Best SellingGo to previous slide - Best SellingSet Scary Stories to Tell in The Dark by Alvin Schwartz Volume 1 2 and 3(55)5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$14.74 New$13.87 UsedLEUCHTTURM1917 Medium Size Hardcover A5 Notebook Dotted Pages Black(3)5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$19.95 NewPokémon Adventures Red & Blue Box Set (set includes Vol. 1-7) by Hidenori Kusaka (2012, Paperback)(5)5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$31.61 NewThe Book of Shadows : White, Red and Black Magic Spells by Brittany Nightshade (2016, Paperback)(3)4.3 out of 5 starsTrending Price$11.59 NewRanger's Apprentice: The Ruins of Gorlan Bk. 1 by John Flanagan (2006, Paperback)(18)4.9 out of 5 starsTrending Price$85.99 New$3.54 UsedRhodia Webnotebook Black Lined 5 1/2 X 8 1/4 192 Pages France(1)5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$20.87 NewThe Constitution of the United States200 : With Index, and the Declaration of Independence by Madison (2005, Second Edition)(92)5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$1.79 NewMUJI Made in Japan 7mm Ruled 30 Sheets (60 Pages) A4 Size Notebook Set of 3 Note(1)5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$14.92 NewGo to next slide - Best SellingLimited Time DealsFree Shipping IncludedShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Limited Time DealsGo to previous slide - Limited Time DealsSleepy Kittens (Despicable Me), New, Free Shipping$5.13$8.99 | 42% OFFPrepare! 2017-2018 CEB Edition : An Ecumenical Music and Worship Planner by...$18.00$23.99 | 24% OFFThe Beguiled : A Novel (Movie Tie-In) by Thomas Cullinan (2017, Paperback)$13.63$16.00 | 14% OFFAl Franken, Giant of the Senate by Al Franken (2017, CD, Unabridged)$25.52$35.00 | 27% OFFInheritance Cycle 4-Book Boxed Set : Eragon; Eldest; Brisingr; Inheritance...$36.35$54.96 | 33% OFFHealing Trauma Through Self-Parenting : The Co-Dependency Connection by...$7.98$9.99 | 20% OFFThe Best of Me$3.95Maxim magazine*katrina bowden*january 2013* cheerleaders*factory sealed*bonus is$5.98Go to next slide - Limited Time DealsTop RatedTrending price is based on prices over last 90 days.Showing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Top RatedGo to previous slide - Top RatedThe Constitution of the United States200 : With Index, and the Declaration of Independence by Madison (2005, Second Edition)(92)5 out of 5 stars97% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$1.79 NewSet Scary Stories to Tell in The Dark by Alvin Schwartz Volume 1 2 and 3(55)5 out of 5 stars100% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$14.74 New$13.87 UsedRanger's Apprentice: The Ruins of Gorlan Bk. 1 by John Flanagan (2006, Paperback)(18)4.9 out of 5 stars100% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$85.99 New$3.54 UsedOrange Is the New Black : My Year in a Women's Prison by Piper Kerman (2011, Paperback)(15)4.5 out of 5 stars100% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$4.95 New$3.39 UsedGo to next slide - Top RatedHot This WeekShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Hot This WeekGo to previous slide - Hot This WeekMilk and Honey, New, Free Shipping.$10.95Almost goneCrush It! Why NOW Is the Time to Cash In on Your Passion - Gary Vay [AUDIO BOOK]$7.007 leftThe 48 Laws of Power by Robert Greene {AUDIO BOOK}$8.008 leftThis Summer You Must This - 50 pcs$7.9984 soldThe Glass Castle: A Memoir$3.9960 soldMetal Snowflake Bookmark Ducument Book Marker Label Stationery Party Favors Gift$1.2240 soldThe 5 Love Languages : The Secret to Love That Lasts by Gary Chapman (2015, Pape$9.2038 soldVintage Classic Retro Leather Journal Travel Notepad Notebook Blank Diary E$3.8538 soldGo to next slide - Hot This WeekGot one to sell?Get it in front of 160+ million buyers.GuidesHow to Sell Used Books and Rare Booksby ebaybuyingguidesSelling used and rare books on eBay is a good way to clean out your collection and make some extra money. If you know how to create listings that entice bibliophiles and draw the attention of experienced...Top 5 Books to Learn About Camera Repairby ebaybuyingguidesLearning how to repair cameras may sound like a daunting task, especially since there are so many different camera manufacturers. If you take camera repair one step at a time and learn the basics for the...Endless Summer: Sell Secondhand Items this Spring to Pay For Summer Funby ebaybuyingguidesAre you looking for the best way to make some extra money for summer fun? Do you want to sell your old cellphone or clothes? If so, you should head over to eBay and list your products. With thousands of...You May Also LikeShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - You May Also LikeGo to previous slide - You May Also LikeClothing, Shoes & AccessoriesHome & GardenCollectiblesSporting GoodsToys & HobbiesGo to next slide - You May Also LikeBooksBooks might as well be magic; they can do so many wonderful things. A book is the nearest thing we have to telepathy, sending thoughts from the author's mind directly to the readers even over a gap of two thousand years. Even with all our technology, there is no better way to make a brain to brain connection than by simply reading a book. Go Way Back to the BeginningAntique books and manuscripts offer an amazing look into history, you can see the thoughts of the past as they saw them themselves. Antiquarian and collectible books don't just look good on the shelf, they also grow in value. There is nothing like picking up an old book to really feel the past. Explore the Human ConditionThe beauty of fiction and literature is that it lets you explore the human condition in a way that mere recitations of fact can never duplicate. Rather than focusing on the mundane, these books bring out the emotional truth of human experience. They show you who you really are by exposing you to other experiences you could never have discovered yourself. These books are the underpinnings of human culture. See how someone else sees the world. Discover the World Around YouNon fiction books offer the widest range of human experience, joined only by their commitment to the truth. From self-help to space travel, they run the gamut of human thought. Learn how to deal with your family, how to save money for that trip, or how the Egyptians built the pyramids. Follow famous lives, or study esoteric philosophies. It's all there for you to find. Non fiction gives us the foundations of human civilization, the story of how everything works. Keep Learning for LifeEducation is the gateway to success, and textbooks are your key to that door. From elementary readers to calculus texts, these books are the doors to our full potential. Textbooks not only give us facts, they give us the tools to interpret and make use of those facts. They are the key to organizing our thoughts and making our brains work for us. It's not just academia either, mechanics textbooks can help you learn how to fix your car.Tell us what you think - opens in new window or tabSide Refine PanelShop by CategoryAntique Books and ManuscriptsAudiobooksBook & Magazine Wholesale & Bulk LotsSee all in Book & Magazine Wholesale & Bulk LotsBook Wholesale LotsOther Book & Magazine Wholesale & Bulk LotsWholesale AudiobooksWholesale MagazinesBook AccessoriesSee all in Book AccessoriesAddress BooksBlank Diaries & JournalsBook CoversBook LightsBook PlatesBook Stands & HoldersBookendsBookmarksOther Book AccessoriesCatalogsSee all in CatalogsAgriculture CatalogsArt & Exhibitions CatalogsAuction CatalogsClothing & Fashion CatalogsDepartment Stores CatalogsMusic & Instruments CatalogsOther CatalogsOwner's Manuals CatalogsToys & Hobbies CatalogsChildren & Young Adult BooksSee all in Children & Young Adult BooksChildren & YA Non-Fiction BooksChildren's Fiction BooksChildren's Picture BooksOther Children & Young Adult BooksYoung Adult Fiction BooksCookbooksFiction & Literature BooksMagazine Back IssuesNonfiction BooksOther BooksTextbooks & Educational Books


Textbooks & Educational Books | eBay
 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordTextbooks & Educational Books└ BooksAll CategoriesAntiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification   There seems to be a problem serving the request at this timeSkip to page navigationRefineTextbooks & Educational BooksShop by SubjectShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Shop by SubjectGo to previous slide - Shop by SubjectEnglish, GrammarMathEducation, TeachingScience & TechHistoryGo to next slide - Shop by SubjectShop by Publication YearShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Shop by Publication YearGo to previous slide - Shop by Publication Year2011-Now1950-19992000-2010Go to next slide - Shop by Publication YearSmart Savings on TextbooksSave big on new and used titlesShop EventShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Smart Savings on TextbooksGo to previous slide - Smart Savings on Textbooks$97.05$25.00$91.63$231.87$35.90$40.90$33.95$203.24Go to next slide - Smart Savings on TextbooksSave on Textbooks & Educational BooksTrending price is based on prices over last 90 days.Showing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Save on Textbooks & Educational BooksGo to previous slide - Save on Textbooks & Educational BooksNew MyMathLab Student Access Code. 5-second delivery. Please Read Before You Buy$59.00Trending at $81.45New Human Physiology, From Cells to Systems, Ninth Edition, Lauralee Sherwood$98.00Trending at $132.77Times Tales: Learn the Upper Times Tables in a Snap DVD CD-ROM NEW FREE SHIP$19.99Trending at $29.89The ICU Book by Paul L. Marino$52.93Trending at $77.95The Complete Adult Psychotherapy Treatment Planner$26.90Trending at $31.29Workbook for Tonal Harmony by Stefan Kostka (2012, Paperback)$65.00Trending at $97.13Rapid Interpretation of EKG's by Dale Dubin (2000, P...$34.95Trending at $39.35StrengthsFinder 2.0$14.08Trending at $17.83Go to next slide - Save on Textbooks & Educational BooksFeatured SaleGo Back to College Like Nobody ElseBig savings on campus essentialsBest SellingTrending price is based on prices over last 90 days.Showing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Best SellingGo to previous slide - Best SellingWebster's New Pocket Dictionary (2007, Paperback)(11)4.6 out of 5 starsTrending Price$3.49 NewExplode The Code 22 Books Set 2nd Edition - 2 Days Priority Mail(0)0 out of 5 starsTrending Price$11.19 NewA History of the World in 6 Glasses by Tom Standage (2006, Paperback)(14)5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$11.99 New$5.85 UsedThe Constitution of the United States200 : With Index, and the Declaration of Independence by Madison (2005, Second Edition)(92)5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$1.79 NewBarron's TOEIC Practice Exams with MP3 CD, 2nd Edition by Lin Lougheed (2014, Paperback, Revised)(0)0 out of 5 starsTrending Price$13.45 NewOrange Is the New Black : My Year in a Women's Prison by Piper Kerman (2011, Paperback)(15)4.5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$4.95 New$3.39 UsedThe Color of Water : A Black Man's Tribute to His White Mother by James McBride (2006, Paperback, Anniversary)(9)4.4 out of 5 starsTrending Price$11.88 New$4.04 UsedGo to next slide - Best SellingAll ListingsAuctionBuy It NowSort:Best MatchBest MatchLowest Price + ShippingHighest Price + ShippingEnding SoonNewly ListedNearest FirstView:Gallery View1-25 of 8,596,042 ResultsThe Fiddler's Fakebook by David Brady Paperback Book (English)The Fiddler's Fakebook by David Brady, David Brody. You will find it helpful in any playing situation—from a square dance to an informal gathering of friends. You can study it page by page learning those tunes that particularly strike your fancy.4.5 out of 5 stars11 product ratings$20.61Top Rated PlusFree shippingSee more like thisA History of the American People by Paul Johnson (Paperback)Paul Johnson. A History of the American People. -curling on bottom right corner of cover (see picture). ISBN 9780060930349.4.5 out of 5 stars4 product ratings$4.99See more like thisBridges Out of Poverty : Strategies for Professionals and Communities by...Light water stain to top right corner of cover and text. Book remains an excellent reader with lots of functional use remaining.$1.990 bidsSee more like thisEnding Today at 1:54PM PDT12h 29mForensic Science: an Introduction, 2nd E (Hardcover, New Edition)$10.730 bidsSee more like thisEnding Today at 2:59PM PDT13h 34mMastering the Art of French Cooking by Julia Child (1961, Hardcover) and Bonus5 out of 5 stars2 product ratings$9.950 bidsSee more like thisEnding Today at 9:34AM PDT8h 9mTop Rated PlusTHE LORDS, AND THE NEW CREATURES, POEMS - NEW PAPERBACK BOOKFirst Fireside edition 1987. Revealing early poems from the legend. Great addition to any Doors collection.5 out of 5 stars12 product ratings$2.990 bidsSee more like thisEnding Today at 8:00AM PDT6h 35mThe Blue Book of Grammar & Punctuation, 11th Edition, by Jane StrausI have "The Blue Book of Grammar and Punctuation, 11th Edition," by Jane Straus, available. It is a new paperback in excellent condition.$8.000 bidsEnding Today at 8:54PM PDT19h 29mThe Inclusion Toolbox by Jennifer A. Kurth Paperback Book (English)Excellent condition used textbook. Tight binding, no highlighting. ZIP of origin is 85616 (Arizona).$19.99or Best OfferSee more like thisThe New World Order by A. Ralph Epperson Paperback Book (English)The New World Order by A. Ralph Epperson. Author A. Ralph Epperson. Format Paperback. Title The New World Order. Health & Beauty. Year 1990.5 out of 5 stars17 product ratings$14.44Top Rated PlusFree shipping31 soldSee more like thisThe Book of Virtues by William J. Bennett 1996, PaperbackA treasury of great moral stories. Excellent shape, no writing - just a curled corner on the cover.5 out of 5 stars5 product ratings$0.990 bidsSee more like thisEnding Today at 8:42AM PDT7h 17mThe Return of Sound by Zahava Sweet Paperback Book (English)Zahava Sweet was born in Poland and survived the Holocaust. After the war she lived in Israel and later emigrated to America. She has been writing since childhood. Her poetry was selected by the Bumbershoot Literary Festival for performance and publication.$14.27Top Rated PlusFree shippingSee more like this2034 A History of World Societies Volume C: 1775 to the Present by John P. McKayHas writing/highlighting. Dog ears. Has wear/tear. Supplements may not be included. Other than that book looks good. Great Book and Affordable Price.$0.990 bidsSee more like thisEnding Today at 7:19PM PDT17h 54mLandscape Painting of the 19th Century by Marco Valsecchi (1971, Hardcover)An important study on 19th century landscape painting, this volume by the noted scholar Marco Valsecchi is the first English edition, published in 1971 by the New York Graphic Society. The book contains 387 pages, with 53 color illustrations and 281 in black and white.$4.990 bidsEnding Today at 6:18AM PDT4h 53mFashioning the Bourgeoisie : A History of Clothing in the Nineteenth Century Here is Fashioning the Bourgeoisie, A history of clothing in the nineteenth century by Philippe Perrot translated by Richard Bienvenu. This hardbound book is in very good condition. Binding great and book is unmarked throughout.$0.990 bidsSee more like thisEnding Today at 9:32AM PDT8h 7mThe Writer's Handbook by DiYanni and Hoy for NGU (9781256320005)This is a custom edition for North Greenville University. Cover has a couple of worn spots but pages are very clean, binding is very good.$5.000 bidsEnding Today at 11:59AM PDT10h 35mThe Gauchos of Argentina by Paperback Book (English)The Gauchos of Argentina. Short Title GAUCHOS OF ARGENTINA. In Argentina, there is a group of men who live a unique life; the life of a gaucho. This special type of cowboy has been continuing the old traditions for centuries.$23.33Free shippingSee more like thisThe Language of Work by Almut Koester Paperback Book (English)By Almut Koester. Author Almut Koester. It is illustrated with lively examples taken from the real world and includes a full glossary and features a useful section on entering the world of work, including advice on CV writing, job interviews and developing 'transferable skills'.$44.28Free shippingSee more like thisAn Introduction to Analysis Second Edition by James R. KirkwoodBook has very minor wear. Just the corners a little worn. No markings on pages. Has been stored for years.
 
 Willing to combine shipping just wait for an updated invoice after the auction ends. Happy bidding!$9.990 bidsSee more like thisEnding Today at 6:38PM PDT17h 14mAmphibians And Reptiles Of The Chicago Area By Clifford H PopeVintage wildlife handbook north central region 1940 U.S. Forest Service. Estate find so please look at the photos closely selling as is. Good luck and thanks for looking.$0.990 bidsEnding Today at 2:32PM PDT13h 7mThe Parables of Jesus by Joachim Jeremias - Second Revised EditionThe Parables of Jesus (Second Revised Edition) by Joachim Jeremias. Doing this is against U.S.A. and international laws. Condition - used with minimal wear.$1.990 bidsEnding Today at 4:00PM PDT14h 35m179 Marketing : The Core by Roger Kerin and Hartley (2015, Paperback)Has writing/highlighting. Dog ears. Has wear/tear. S upplements may not be included. Other than that book looks good. Great Book and Affordable Price.5 out of 5 stars2 product ratings$0.990 bidsSee more like thisEnding Today at 8:24PM PDT18h 59mResources for Teaching The Compact Bedford Introduction to Literature by MichaelA generous and vibrant selection of stories, poems, and plays are supported by editorial features proven to help students read, think, and write effectively about literature. I desire to provide great service and work with you on any issues that may come up.$9.990 bidsEnding Today at 11:24AM PDT9h 59mTop Rated PlusThe Human Body Book By Parker, Steve Hardback With DVDVery nice book and in great shape. Thanks for looking and happy bidding.$17.500 bidsFree shippingEnding Today at 12:23PM PDT10h 58mSee more like thisStory of the Middle Ages: Grade 6 (2002, Paperback) LIKE NEWYour students will enjoy learning about the Roman Empire, Charlemagne, the Vikings, castle life, the Crusades, the Awakening, and more. Ages 10 to 12. 130 pages, softcover from Christian Liberty Press.$5.500 bidsEnding Today at 9:00AM PDT7h 35mA History of the World in 6 Glasses .. NEWA History of the World in 6 Glasses by Standage, Tom. ISBN: 0802715524 13 Digit ISBN: 9780802715524. They are not used, though sometimes have cover wear. We buy these and sort through them to grade their condition.5 out of 5 stars14 product ratings$8.48Top Rated PlusSee more like thisLimited Time DealsFree Shipping IncludedShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Limited Time DealsGo to previous slide - Limited Time Deals2017 Edition Pharmacy Charts - NAPLEX, CPJE Review$159.00Be Here Now by Ram Dass, Paperback 1971, New, Free Shipping$11.71$15.15 | 22% OFFFREE 2 DAY SHIPPING: Webster's New Pocket Dictionary (Paperback) $5.59Spencerian Penmanship Set : Theory Plus Five Copy Books Spencerian Penmanship...$20.30$25.99 | 21% OFFGRE Prep 2017 Study Guide: Test Prep Book & Practice Test Questions for the ETS $19.36Mosby's Dental Drug Reference by Arthur H. Jeske (2017, Paperback)$60.81$64.95 | 6% OFFFREE 2 DAY SHIPPING: Hanon: The Virtuoso Pianist in Sixty Exercises, Complete$4.69Property and Casualty Insurance License Exam Study Guide: Test Prep and Practice$24.97Go to next slide - Limited Time DealsTop RatedTrending price is based on prices over last 90 days.Showing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Top RatedGo to previous slide - Top RatedThe Constitution of the United States200 : With Index, and the Declaration of Independence by Madison (2005, Second Edition)(92)5 out of 5 stars97% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$1.79 NewA History of the World in 6 Glasses by Tom Standage (2006, Paperback)(14)5 out of 5 stars100% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$11.99 New$5.85 UsedOrange Is the New Black : My Year in a Women's Prison by Piper Kerman (2011, Paperback)(15)4.5 out of 5 stars100% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$4.95 New$3.39 UsedWebster's New Pocket Dictionary (2007, Paperback)(11)4.6 out of 5 stars83% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$3.49 NewGo to next slide - Top RatedHot This WeekShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Hot This WeekGo to previous slide - Hot This WeekLeadership: Theory and Practice Peter G. Northouse (2015, Paperback) 7th Edition$27.99Almost goneThe China Study: The Most Comprehensive Study of Nutrition Ever Conducted...$5.023 leftNew MyMathLab Student Access Code. 5-second delivery. Please Read Before You Buy$59.0037 soldIntermediate Algebra for College Students, 6th Edition$7.0632 soldTwelve Steps and Twelve Traditions Trade Edition  (NoDust)$4.1930 sold7th Edition Essential Oil Pocket Reference (2016, Softcover)$16.9528 soldWays of the World - A Global History with Sources, 3rd Edition, AP Edition$87.0022 soldDSM-5 Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders 5th Edition by APA$35.8921 soldGo to next slide - Hot This WeekSponsored ListingsShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Sponsored ListingsGo to previous slide - Sponsored ListingsSmart Membrane Materials And Systems: From Flat Membranes To Microcapsule Mem...$238.91Role of Sexual Abuse in Etiology of Borderline Personality Disorder$43.85Trade and the Environment: Fundamental Issues in I$79.88Option Volatility & Pricing: Advanced Trading Strategies and Techniques$29.84Lenses on Reading, Second Edition: An Introduction to Theories and Models$31.30Meteorology Today: An Introduction to Weather, Climate, and the Environment, 9th$21.32Learn to Read First Grade Level 1 (Hooked on Phonics: Learn to Read)$32.41Go to next slide - Sponsored ListingsGot one to sell?Get it in front of 160+ million buyers.GuidesTop 10 Books to Learn How to Play Chessby ebaybuyingguidesChess is a beloved pastime for players around the world, and the depth and complexity of the game make it a rewarding activity that can occupy a lifetime. Players can take their game to the next level...Top 5 Books to Learn Russianby ebaybuyingguidesPeople learn Russian for a variety of reasons. Some plan to vacation in Russia and want to speak with the locals, while others move to Russia and need to communicate with their neighbors, co-workers, and...Top 5 Aids to Help You Stay on Top of Your Financesby ebaybuyingguidesIt seems like financial planning options are everywhere. From mailers offering free meals to pitchmen on television promoting their DVDs, there is no shortage of advice. However, short of meeting with...You May Also LikeShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - You May Also LikeGo to previous slide - You May Also LikeNonfiction BooksAntique Books and ManuscriptsFiction & Literature BooksMagazine Back IssuesChildren & Young Adult BooksGo to next slide - You May Also LikeEducation TextbooksIn a world where the Internet is in everyone's pocket, it might be surprising that there's still room for education textbooks. One reason is simple, while the Internet may be everywhere, it's not always accurate, and when it comes to educating people you need to have accurate information. That's why approved textbooks are so important; they give you the facts, not the opinions of someone on the Internet.Help for the Home SchooledNo one needs textbooks more than the parent who home schools their children. There is a growing movement toward home schooling so that parents can focus their children's education on the aspects Engl are most important to them, and tailor the curriculum to their own child's individual learning styles. From science and mathematics to English and history, textbooks are a vital part of any education program.For Every Age LevelNo matter what age or grade level your student is at, there are education textbooks to cover their needs.  Even if they go to a regular grade school, there are supplementary textbooks you can pick up to help them if they need it. Not every book is the right fit for every student, and sometimes the one who is having the most trouble with math in school is the one who flourishes the most as soon as you expose them to a different textbook.Explore Adult EducationEducation isn't just for children; many adults have a need for textbooks too. From those who left school early and are now looking for textbooks so they can get their GED, to professionals looking to further their development, there's a huge demand for textbooks from people in all walks of life. It's not just academic textbooks. You can also get textbooks on practical subjects from financial management, to woodworking, and auto repair.Control Your College EducationCollege is more than just an investment in your future; it's an investment. One way to take charge of your college costs is to look outside your college bookstore for your textbooks. Many textbooks, especially in fields such as English and history do not change much from year to year, so grabbing last  year's engineering handbook may be the best way to go.Tell us what you think - opens in new window or tabSide Refine PanelShop by CategoryBooksTextbooks & Educational BooksBook AccessoriesAntique Books and ManuscriptsAudiobooksCatalogsChildren & Young Adult BooksCookbooksFiction & Literature BooksMagazine Back IssuesNonfiction BooksBook & Magazine Wholesale & Bulk LotsOther BooksFormatsee allHardcoverMixed LotPaperbackNot SpecifiedPublication Yearsee all1900-19491950-19992000-20102011-NowSubjectsee allBusiness & EconomicsEducation, TeachingEngineeringHistoryMathMedicinePerforming ArtsScience & TechLanguagesee allConditionsee allBrand NewLike NewVery GoodGoodAcceptableNot SpecifiedPricePlease provide a valid price range$-$Buying Formatsee allAll ListingsAuctionBuy It NowItem Locationsee allDefaultWithindistance2 miles5 miles10 miles15 miles20 miles50 miles75 miles100 miles150 miles200 miles500 miles750 miles1000 miles1500 miles2000 milesofGoUS OnlyNorth AmericaWorldwideDelivery Optionssee allFree ShippingFree In-store PickupShow onlysee allReturns AcceptedCompleted ItemsSold ItemsDeals & SavingsMore refinements...












Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger by Charles T. Munger,  Peter D. Kaufman |, Hardcover | Barnes & Noble®


















































Up to 15% Off with code SAVEMORE  




50% Off The Criterion Collection  




Favorite Paperbacks: Buy 2, Get the 3rd Free  




Explore The Trend Shop  



Membership
Gift Cards
Stores & Events
Help





BNLogo

Auto Suggestions are available once you type at least 3 letters. Use up and down arrow to review and enter to select.


AllBooksNOOK BooksNOOKTextbooksBargain BooksNewsstandTeensKidsToys & GamesHobbies & CollectiblesHome & GiftsMovies & TVMusic










items in your shopping bag.
Click to view the items in your shopping bag

You have













×

Uh-oh, it looks like your Internet Explorer is out of date. 
 For a better shopping experience, please upgrade
now.







!

  Javascript is not enabled in your browser. Enabling
JavaScript in your browser will allow you to experience all the
features of our site.     Learn
how to enable JavaScript on your browser

















 
 
 





Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger

5.0
2


by Charles T. Munger, Peter D. KaufmanCharles T. Munger




 




See more details below








Hardcover


Item is available through our marketplace sellers.

13 New & Used from
$58.40





Save to Wishlist



9781578643035














Product Details
Related Subjects








Product Details


ISBN-13:

9781578643035
Publisher:

Donning Company Publishers
Publication date:
04/28/2005
Pages:
480






Related Subjects


Business, Computers & Money - Humor

Investing & Finance - General & Miscellaneous

Investing - General & Miscellaneous








Customer Reviews

Average Review: 



Write a Review


Post to your social network

 
 
 






Most Helpful Customer Reviews


See all customer reviews








































Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          
















Amazon.com: Books













 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks











































































Books Home


Shop by Category


More Ways to Shop




Books Home


Shop by Category


More Ways to Shop






Shop by Category



More Ways to Shop










Arts & Photography







Biographies & Memoirs







Children's Books







Cookbooks, Food & Wine







History







Literature & Fiction







Mystery & Suspense







Romance







Sci-Fi & Fantasy







Teens & Young Adult









Amazon Charts







Customer Favorites







100 Books to Read







Award Winners







From Page to Screen







Start a New Series







Book Club Picks







Kindle eBooks







Textbooks







Audible










Books Home
























































































More from the Amazon Book Editors












Best Books of the Month




  
  Top 10





  
  Literature & Fiction





  
  Kids & Teens Books





  
  Mystery & Thriller




See all categories










Celebrity Picks




  
  John Grisham





  
  William Shatner





  
  Dennis Lehane





  
  Greg Iles




See all Celebrity Picks










Summer Reading




  
  Fiction





  
  Beach reads





  
  New in Paperback




See all










Best Books of 2017 So Far




  
  Top 20





  
  Children's Books





  
  Literature & Fiction





  
  Mysteries & Thrillers




See all










Books Bestsellers

						See more
					




Previous page






The Silmarillion













	J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien




	
		Kindle Edition
	



2,080



$8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.99  








The Old Man













	Thomas Perry, Peter Berkrot...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



328



$27.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $23.95  








Little Boy Lost


J. D. Trafford

		Kindle Edition
	



437



$4.99  








From Sand and Ash


Amy Harmon

		Kindle Edition
	



1,418



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $2.49  








The Miracle of Dunkirk: The True...


Walter Lord

		Kindle Edition
	



239



$16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.51  








The Late Show


Michael Connelly

		Kindle Edition
	



168



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.99  








Stillhouse Lake


Rachel Caine

		Kindle Edition
	



3,057



$15.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








A Beautiful Poison


Lydia Kang

		Kindle Edition
	



286



$4.99  








Everything We Keep: A Novel


Kerry Lonsdale

		Kindle Edition
	



10,558



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $2.99  








Secondborn (Secondborn Series Book 1)


Amy A. Bartol

		Kindle Edition
	



581



$4.99  








Beautiful Mistake













	Vi Keeland, Jessica Royer Ocken




	
		Kindle Edition
	



299



$3.99  








The Hangman's Daughter













	Oliver Pötzsch, Lee Chadeayne




	
		Kindle Edition
	



3,988



$18.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.49  








The Passage: A Novel


Justin Cronin

		Kindle Edition
	



3,750



$18.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  








A Criminal Defense


Jr William L. Myers

		Kindle Edition
	



3,085



$15.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  








The Letter: The #1 Bestseller that...













	Kathryn Hughes




	
		Kindle Edition
	



2,063



$13.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  








Camino Island: A Novel


John Grisham

		Kindle Edition
	



1,832



$28.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.99  








Gwendy's Button Box


Stephen King, Richard Chizmar

		Kindle Edition
	



1,094



$25.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $2.99  








Beneath a Scarlet Sky: A Novel


Mark Sullivan

		Kindle Edition
	



5,796



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








The Sky Below: A True Story of...


Susy Flory, Scott Parazynski

		Kindle Edition
	



158



$24.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








Everything We Left Behind: A Novel


Kerry Lonsdale

		Kindle Edition
	



249



$4.99  


Next page












Books Hot New Releases

						See more
					




Previous page






NO EXIT a gripping thriller full of...


TAYLOR ADAMS

		Kindle Edition
	



235



$2.99  








Swink


Adriana Locke

		Kindle Edition
	



286



$3.99  








Fractured Love: A Standalone...


Ella James

		Kindle Edition
	



163



$0.99  








Dangerous


Milo Yiannopoulos

		Hardcover
	



796



$30.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $18.00  









I Can't Make This Up: Life Lessons













	Kevin Hart, Neil Strauss - contributor...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



276



$29.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $25.95  








Harem: An MFMM Romance


Alexis Angel, Abby Angel

		Kindle Edition
	



108



$0.99  








The X-Files: Cold Cases













	Joe Harris, Chris Carter...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



15



$24.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.95  








The Man of Legends


Kenneth Johnson

		Kindle Edition
	



956



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








Country Nights


Winter Renshaw

		Kindle Edition
	



436



$0.99  








Fire & Ice: A Ménage Fantasy


Chance Carter

		Kindle Edition
	



415



$0.99  








The Island


Alice Ward

		Kindle Edition
	



453



$0.99  








One True Mate 6: Bear's Redemption


Lisa Ladew

		Kindle Edition
	



153



$0.99  








Claiming Alexis (Ace Security Book 2)


Susan Stoker

		Kindle Edition
	



183



$12.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








Kings of Broken Things


Theodore Wheeler

		Kindle Edition
	



51



$24.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








Wishing He Was My Savage 2


Trenae'

		Kindle Edition
	



175



$3.99  








Only His













	Madison Rose




	
		Kindle Edition
	



60



$0.99  








Bullet Rain - A Nova Bartkowski Novel


Robert Swartwood

		Kindle Edition
	



39



$0.99  








Astrophysics for People in a Hurry













	Neil deGrasse Tyson, Inc. Blackstone Audio




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



797



$17.47 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.95  








The Darkest Sunrise


Aly Martinez

		Kindle Edition
	



347



$3.99  








Rub Me the Right Way


Amy Brent

		Kindle Edition
	



131



$0.99  


Next page












Most Wished For in Books

						See more
					




Previous page






Before We Were Yours: A Novel


Lisa Wingate

		Kindle Edition
	



409



$26.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.99  








The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck...


Mark Manson

		Hardcover
	



1,599



$24.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.97  









Finding Your Colors: Fine Art Adult...


Hertz Nazaire

		Paperback
	



10



$9.99  









Harry Potter and the Prisoner of...













	J.K. Rowling, Jim Kay




	
		Hardcover
	

$39.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $23.99  









Q&A a Day: 5-Year Journal


Potter Style

		Diary
	



1,427



$16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.46  









The Identicals: A Novel


Elin Hilderbrand

		Kindle Edition
	



325



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.99  








Devil's Bargain: Steve Bannon, Donald...


Joshua Green

		Kindle Edition
	



35



$13.99  








A Gentleman in Moscow: A Novel


Amor Towles

		Kindle Edition
	



3,483



$27.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $13.99  








The Missing Ones: An absolutely...


Patricia Gibney

		Kindle Edition
	



1,344



$11.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $0.99  








Quantum Physics for Babies


Chris Ferrie

		Board book
	



160



$9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.55  









Pandemic (The Extinction Files Book 1)


A.G. Riddle

		Kindle Edition
	



955



$19.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








Rocket Science for Babies


Chris Ferrie

		Board book
	



12



$9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $7.77  









You Are a Badass: How to Stop...


Jen Sincero

		Paperback
	



2,578



$16.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.69  



Next page












Most Gifted in Books

						See more
					




Previous page






First 100 Words


Roger Priddy

		Board book
	



6,922



$5.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.41  









Blindsided: The True Story of One...


James L. Ferraro

		Hardcover
	



9



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $18.30  









Giraffes Can't Dance


Giles Andreae, Guy Parker-Rees

		Board book
	



3,050



$6.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.33  









Dear Zoo: A Lift-the-Flap Book


Rod Campbell

		Board book
	



2,302



$6.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.15  










Goodnight Moon













	Margaret Wise Brown, Clement Hurd




	
		Board book
	



2,934



$8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.32  









Puppy Birthday to You!













	Golden Books, Fabrizio Petrossi




	
		Hardcover
	



1,195



$4.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $3.92  










The Very Hungry Caterpillar


Eric Carle

		Board book
	



3,079



$10.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.86  










The Going-To-Bed Book


Sandra Boynton

		Board book
	



2,284



$5.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.41  










Dr. Seuss's Happy Birthday, Baby!













	Dr. Seuss, Jan Gerardi




	
		Hardcover
	



459



$11.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.41  









Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See?













	Bill Martin Jr., Eric Carle




	
		Board book
	



2,468



$7.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.85  









The Wonderful Things You Will Be













	Emily Winfield Martin




	
		Hardcover
	



1,185



$17.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $11.13  









If Animals Kissed Good Night













	Ann Whitford Paul, David Walker




	
		Board book
	



876



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.06  









Chicka Chicka Boom Boom (Board Book)













	Bill Martin Jr., John Archambault...




	
		Board book
	



2,379



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.03  










Love You Forever


Robert Munsch, Sheila McGraw

		Paperback
	



5,956



$5.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  









Al Franken, Giant of the Senate


Al Franken

		Hardcover
	



821



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.80  










Dragons Love Tacos


Adam Rubin, Daniel Salmieri

		Hardcover
	



1,838



$16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $11.69  









She Persisted: 13 American Women Who...













	Chelsea Clinton, Alexandra Boiger




	
		Hardcover
	



255



$17.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $15.59  










Little Blue Truck board book


Alice Schertle, Jill McElmurry

		Board book
	



3,235



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $7.15  









The Pout-Pout Fish


Deborah Diesen, Dan Hanna

		Board book
	



1,828



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.99  









Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family...













	J. D. Vance




	
		Hardcover
	



7,544



$27.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.79  



Next page





























































































































Popular in BooksAward WinnersBargain BooksBest Books of the MonthBest Books of 2017 So FarBooks in SpanishChildren's BooksDeals in BooksSummer ReadingMore in Books100 Books to Read in a LifetimeAmazon Book Review BlogAmazon Books on FacebookAmazon Books on TwitterAmazon KindleKindle eBooksKindle DealsKindle UnlimitedSpanish Kindle eBooksTextbooksTextbooks StoreTextbook RentalsSell Us Your BooksKindle eTextbooks 

Show results forNew ReleasesLast 30 daysLast 90 daysComing SoonBooksArts & PhotographyBiographies & MemoirsBusiness & MoneyCalendarsChildren's BooksChristian Books & BiblesComics & Graphic NovelsComputers & TechnologyCookbooks, Food & WineCrafts, Hobbies & HomeEducation & TeachingEngineering & TransportationGay & LesbianHealth, Fitness & DietingHistoryHumor & EntertainmentLawLiterature & FictionMedical BooksMystery, Thriller & SuspenseParenting & RelationshipsPolitics & Social SciencesReferenceReligion & SpiritualityRomanceScience & MathScience Fiction & FantasySelf-HelpSports & OutdoorsTeen & Young AdultTest PreparationTravelRefine byFormatPaperbackHardcoverKindle EditionLarge PrintAudible Audio EditionPrinted Access CodeDigital Access CodeLoose LeafAudio CDBoard BookKindle UnlimitedKindle Unlimited EligibleAuthorVi KeelandNora RobertsRachel CaineJames PattersonJames W. PattersonHoward RoughanLauren BlakelySee moreBook SeriesStillhouse Lake SeriesClassic NotebooksEverything We KeepThe Extinction FilesDetective Lottie ParkerWomen's Murder ClubSecondborn SeriesSee moreLanguageEnglishGermanFrenchSpanishRussianChineseJapaneseSee moreAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonAward WinnersCaldecott MedalMan Booker PrizeNational Book AwardNewbery MedalThe Pulitzer PrizeHugo & Nebula AwardsEisner AwardPackaging OptionFrustration-Free PackagingPromotionBargain BooksAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionUsedNewCollectibleAvailabilityInclude Out of Stock


Featured StoresFeatured StoresThe New York Times® Best SellersChina BooksLibros en EspañolStationery, Journals & Notebooks 




















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates












charles munger | eBay




Please enable JavaScript 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser, then try again.





 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAntiquesArtBabyBooksBusiness & IndustrialCameras & PhotoCell Phones & AccessoriesClothing, Shoes & AccessoriesCoins & Paper MoneyCollectiblesComputers/Tablets & NetworkingConsumer ElectronicsCraftsDolls & BearsDVDs & MovieseBay MotorsEntertainment MemorabiliaGift Cards & CouponsHealth & BeautyHome & GardenJewelry & WatchesMusicMusical Instruments & GearPet SuppliesPottery & GlassReal EstateSpecialty ServicesSporting GoodsSports Mem, Cards & Fan ShopStampsTickets & ExperiencesToys & HobbiesTravelVideo Games & ConsolesEverything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification  {"url":"http://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250} 
Related: 
				charlie munger berkshire hathaway















Refine


moreFormatFormat


All Listings - Current page

Auction
Buy It Now
Classified ads




Sort: Best Match

Best Match



Time: ending soonest
Time: newly listed
Price + Shipping: lowest first
Price + Shipping: highest first
Distance: nearest first



View: LIST






Gallery view 
Customize... 






35
results for charles munger

Follow charles munger to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.
Unfollow charles munger to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.
Yay! You're now following charles munger in your eBay Feed.You will receive email alerts for new listings. Don't send me e-mail alerts.




	   Follow this search









  charles munger: 
 












Items in search results









				Poor Charlie's Almanack The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T Munger 3rd Ed. BRAND NEW










8 product ratings




					$58.79



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					202 sold















Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T Munger - Charlie Munger









8 product ratings




					$58.80



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					4 watching















On Success by Charles T. Munger Hardcover




					$46.98



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisOn Success by Charles T. Munger Hardcover







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Fri, Jul. 28















On Success by Charles T. Munger




					$47.43



				Buy It Now






See more like thisOn Success by Charles T. Munger










On Success by Charles T. Munger (2009, Hardcover) Berkshire Hathaway




					$85.00



				or Best Offer






See more like thisOn Success by Charles T. Munger (2009, Hardcover) Berkshire Hathaway









Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger by Charles T. M




					$50.11



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisPoor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger by Charles T. M















Poor Charlie's Almanack Charles Munger SIGNED To Famous Tom Johnson 1st Edition


		Signed " To Tom Johnson with admiration and respect "



					$1,777.00



				Buy It Now











Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger


		by Munger, Charles T. | HC | VeryGood








1 product rating




					$38.69



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					22 watching













Charles Munger signed $1 bill BAS Authenticated Berkshire Hathaway Vice Chairman




					$174.97

									Was: Previous Price
$249.95




				Buy It Now




						30% off













NEW - On Success by Charles T. Munger




					$199.98



				Buy It Now






See more like thisNEW - On Success by Charles T. Munger










New listing
		Poor Charlie's Almanack : The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger by Charles T.









1 product rating




					$50.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping











On Success by Charles T. Munger, Good Book




					$50.57



				Buy It Now






See more like thisOn Success by Charles T. Munger, Good Book















Poor Charlie's Almanack The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger by Charles T.









1 product rating




					$95.95



				or Best Offer




Free shipping


















Poems by Charles Alanson Munger Paperback Book (English)




					$19.93



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisPoems by Charles Alanson Munger Paperback Book (English)















Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger, Peter D. Kaufm










2 product ratings




					$139.11



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Poems by Charles Alanson Munger Hardcover Book (English)




					$33.54



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisPoems by Charles Alanson Munger Hardcover Book (English)















Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger, Charles T. Mun









2 product ratings




					$136.11



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













Corrosion Prevention by Protective Coatings written by Charles G. Munger




					$29.97



				Buy It Now














Poor Charlie s Almanack The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger Expanded...




					$131.22



				Buy It Now







					From Canada







Munger, Charles T. On Success




					$200.00



				or Best Offer













Munger, Charles T Charlie.... Poor Charlie's Almanac...




					$6,321.28



				or Best Offer













Munger, Charles T Charlie.... Poor Charlie's Almanac...




					$585.21



				or Best Offer













Munger, Charles T Charlie ... Charles T. Munger Poor...




					$141.08



				or Best Offer













SPONSORED
Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger (Abridged) b…









1 product rating




					$92.85



				Buy It Now













Munger, Charles T Charlie ... Poor Charlie's Almanac...




					$1,000.00



				or Best Offer













Munger, Charles T Charlie ... Poor Charlie's Almanck...




					$685.99



				or Best Offer













Munger, Charles T Charlie ... Charles T. Munger Poor...




					$623.00



				or Best Offer













Munger, Charles T Charlie ... Poor Charlie's Almanac...




					$2,381.00



				or Best Offer













Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T Munger - Charlie Munger









8 product ratings




					$98.78



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					189 sold













Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger by Charles T.










1 product rating




					$64.46



				Buy It Now




Free shipping











Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger (Abridged)









1 product rating




					$60.47



				Buy It Now













Poor Charlie's Almanack by Charles Munger









1 product rating




					$93.95



				Buy It Now














				CHARLES T. MUNGER - Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit ** Very Good Condition **



		VERY GOOD Condition Book! Satisfaction Guaranteed!








1 product rating




					$84.75



				Buy It Now




Free shipping














				CHARLES T. MUNGER - Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T.



		Satisfaction Guaranteed! ~US Seller~ Free Shipping!








1 product rating




					$85.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger (Abridged) b…









1 product rating




					$92.85



				Buy It Now













Poor Charlie's Almanack : The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger  (1st Ed)


		by Peter D. Kaufman; Charles T. Munger | HC | LikeNew








1 product rating




					$280.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping





















Tell us what you think



eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.
eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More















Search refinements





Categories

All

Books
(34)




Textbooks & Educational Books
(15)


Antiquarian & Collectible Books
(8)


Nonfiction Books
(8)




Fiction & Literature Books
(1)


Other Children & Young Adults
(1)


Other Books
(1)


More





Collectibles
(1)


Show more







Condition
see allCondition




New
(9)





Used
(17)





Not Specified
(9)





Price



Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.
			$ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price 





Format
see allFormat




All Listings(filter applied)
(35)



Auction
(0)




Buy It Now
(35)




Item Location
see allItem Location




Default(filter applied)





Within


Within
2 miles5 miles10 miles15 miles25 miles50 miles75 miles100 miles150 miles200 miles500 miles750 miles1000 miles1500 miles2000 miles of Enter your ZIP code 
						Go

Please enter a valid zipcode





US Only





North America





Worldwide






see allSellerSeller





Delivery Options
see allDelivery Options




Free shipping





Free In-store pickup





Show only
see allShow only




Returns accepted





Completed listings





Sold listings





Deals & Savings





More refinements...



























*Learn about pricing




			Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter

		 This page was last updated:  Jul-24 01:24. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.














Electronics, Cars, Fashion, Collectibles, Coupons and More | eBay Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification   HomeFollowingMotorsExpand: MotorsParts & AccessoriesParts & AccessoriesCars & Truck PartsMotorcycle PartsAutomotive Tools & SuppliesSales & EventsMotors DealsVehiclesVehiclesCars & TrucksMotorcyclesClassics & ExoticsPowersportsRVs & Other VehiclesMotors BlogFashionExpand: FashionTop CategoriesWomen's ClothingWomen's ShoesMen's ClothingMen's ShoesHandbags & AccessoriesLuxury HandbagsKids & BabyAdditional CategoriesJewelryWatchesBeautyHealthFashion DealsSales & EventsPre-owned FashionElectronicsExpand: ElectronicsTop CategoriesCell Phones & AccessoriesCameras & PhotoComputers & TabletsTV & Home TheaterVideo Games & ConsolesSmart HomeCamera DronesAdditional CategoriesiPhoneNintendo SwitchPortable AudioCar Audio, Video & GPSElectronics DealsSell Your PhonePre-owned ElectronicsCollectibles & ArtExpand: Collectibles & ArtTop CategoriesCollectiblesCoins & Paper MoneyBullion CenterSports Cards, Memorabilia & ApparelAntiquesComicsLive AuctionsAdditional CategorieseBay CollectiveFeatured Sales & EventsArtEntertainment MemorabiliaMilitariaKnives, Swords & BladesSotheby's on eBayHome & GardenExpand: Home & GardenTop CategoriesFurnitureHome DécorKitchen & DiningHousekeeping & OrganizationBabyeBay CollectiveWineAdditional CategoriesMajor AppliancesGenerators Outdoor Power EquipmentPower ToolsHome ImprovementTool StoragePetsSporting GoodsExpand: Sporting GoodsTop CategoriesGolfCyclingFishingHuntingTeam SportsFitness & RunningSales & EventsAdditional CategoriesCamping EquipmentBaseball & SoftballGolf Clothing, Shoes & AccessoriesArcheryFitness EquipmentWater SportsPre-owned Sports GearToysExpand: ToysTop CategoriesAction FiguresBoard & Traditional GamesDiecast ToysDrones & RC VehiclesLEGO & Building ToysModel Railroads & TrainsPreschool & Pretend PlayAdditional CategoriesFeatured Toy DealsBarbie Dolls & Teddy BearsDart Guns, Ride-Ons & Outdoor StructuresModels & KitsStuffed AnimalsTrading Card GamesFeatured Toy EventsBusiness & IndustrialExpand: Business & IndustrialTop CategoriesElectrical & Test EquipmentHealthcare, Lab & Life ScienceHeavy EquipmentManufacturing & MetalworkingMRO & Industrial SupplyRestaurant & CateringAdditional CategoriesOfficePacking & ShippingRetail & ServicingLight Equipment & ToolsHeavy Equipment AttachmentsHeavy Equipment Parts & AccessoriesMusicExpand: MusicTop CategoriesGuitarsPro-AudioVinyl, CDs, & MoreOrchestra & BandDrumsDJConcert TicketsAdditional CategoriesElectric GuitarsAcoustic GuitarsBassAmpsEffects & PedalsGuitar PartsPre-owned Musical InstrumentsDealsExpand: DealsTop CategoriesDaily DealsElectronic DealsFashion DealsH&G DealsGift Card DealsCollectibles & ArtAdditional CategoriesSporting Goods DealsMotors DealsTravel DealsMusical Instrument DealsShop All DealsPre-owned PicksMore Expand: MoreMotorsFashionElectronicsCollectibles & ArtHome & GardenSporting GoodsToysBusiness & IndustrialMusicDealsCarousel showing banner 1 of 3Stunning Savings. Radiant You.This season’s best makeup, skin care, and more from $9.99.Shop Now Shop Now These Deals Are Made for ShoppingWith Free Shipping and price matching, every day.Shop Deals Shop Deals Their School, Their WayDenim, graphic tees, instruments, and everything in between.Shop Now Shop Now Stunning Savings. Radiant You.This season’s best makeup, skin care, and more from $9.99.Shop Now Shop Now These Deals Are Made for ShoppingWith Free Shipping and price matching, every day.Shop Deals Shop Deals Popular DestinationsVera Bradley Cotton BagsTennis Skirts and DressesTennis RacquetsWireless SpeakersStriped Men's TeesLEGO SetsBicycle HelmetsDaily Deals - CarouselSee All - See All DealsSee All See All Carousel showing slide 1 of 5 - Daily Deals$49.99$64.99|23% OFF$21.99$59.00|62% OFF$1,599.99$1,999.00|19% OFF$79.99$415.00|80% OFF$399.99$599.99|33% OFF$59.99$89.99|33% OFF$44.99$569.00$699.00|18% OFF$82.00$100.00|18% OFF$57.77$95.76|39% OFF$69.99$749.00$999.99|25% OFF$1,289.00$1,545.00|16% OFF$149.99$429.00|65% OFF$19.99$56.39|64% OFFTrending on eBay - CarouselSee All Trends - See All TrendsCarousel showing slide 1 of 5 - Trending on eBay1Motorcycle Helmets37,545 Views2LEGO City14,279 Views3Nike283,211 Views4MacKenzie-Childs25,051 Views5Minecraft21,502 Views6Mechanical Keyboard34,503 Views7San Diego Comic Con 201725,933 Views8Luminara Candle3,848 Views9Hallmark Ornaments14,816 Views10Breyerfest 20178,451 ViewsTrending on eBay - Carousel paginationSell Your Way! You Have Options.Sell on your own for the most cash, or leave it to the experts.Start Selling Start Selling Featured Sales & Events - CarouselSee All - See all eventsCarousel showing slide 1 of 4 - Featured Sales & EventsMake Your Dorm Room, YoursUp to 70% off bedding and moreThe College KitchenUp to 50% off everything you needOn-Trend BackpacksPatagonia, JanSport, and moreYour Summer Look for LessDresses, Tanks, and more from $9.99Handbags & Accessories SaleStarting at $39.99Top Uniforms From $4.99Shop Cat & Jack, Old Navy, and moreSchool SuppliesGear up for classwork and homework.Summer Kicks on SaleSlip-ons and more from $9.99Featured Sales & Events - Carousel paginationYour Apple DestinationiPhones, MacBooks, iPads, and more for every price and budget.Shop Apple Shop Apple Editor’s Picks - CarouselSee All - See all eventsCarousel showing slide 1 of 5 - Editor’s PicksFloat OnPlayful inflatables for summertime funHappy Hot Dog DayWeenies will roast this weekendPop Culture ParadiseGeek out over these Comic-Con exclusivesMan on the MoonCommemorating the Apollo 11 landingMarvelous Marrs GreenDiscover the world’s most popular colorCare of Cassina Design from the 20th century’s greatestSeventies ShowboatsIconic American autos from a groovier timePerfectly PricklyEverything's coming up cactiBeachy BeautyGet the look without leaving homeEditor’s Picks - Carousel pagination





charles munger | eBay




Please enable JavaScript 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser, then try again.





 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAntiquesArtBabyBooksBusiness & IndustrialCameras & PhotoCell Phones & AccessoriesClothing, Shoes & AccessoriesCoins & Paper MoneyCollectiblesComputers/Tablets & NetworkingConsumer ElectronicsCraftsDolls & BearsDVDs & MovieseBay MotorsEntertainment MemorabiliaGift Cards & CouponsHealth & BeautyHome & GardenJewelry & WatchesMusicMusical Instruments & GearPet SuppliesPottery & GlassReal EstateSpecialty ServicesSporting GoodsSports Mem, Cards & Fan ShopStampsTickets & ExperiencesToys & HobbiesTravelVideo Games & ConsolesEverything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification  {"url":"http://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250} 
Related: 
				charlie munger berkshire hathaway















Refine


moreFormatFormat


All Listings - Current page

Auction
Buy It Now
Classified ads




Sort: Best Match

Best Match



Time: ending soonest
Time: newly listed
Price + Shipping: lowest first
Price + Shipping: highest first
Distance: nearest first



View: LIST






Gallery view 
Customize... 






35
results for charles munger

Follow charles munger to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.
Unfollow charles munger to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.
Yay! You're now following charles munger in your eBay Feed.You will receive email alerts for new listings. Don't send me e-mail alerts.




	   Follow this search









  charles munger: 
 












Items in search results









				Poor Charlie's Almanack The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T Munger 3rd Ed. BRAND NEW










8 product ratings




					$58.79



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					202 sold















On Success by Charles T. Munger Hardcover




					$46.98



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisOn Success by Charles T. Munger Hardcover







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Fri, Jul. 28















Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T Munger - Charlie Munger









8 product ratings




					$58.80



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					4 watching















On Success by Charles T. Munger




					$47.43



				Buy It Now






See more like thisOn Success by Charles T. Munger










On Success by Charles T. Munger (2009, Hardcover) Berkshire Hathaway




					$85.00



				or Best Offer






See more like thisOn Success by Charles T. Munger (2009, Hardcover) Berkshire Hathaway









NEW - On Success by Charles T. Munger




					$199.98



				Buy It Now






See more like thisNEW - On Success by Charles T. Munger










Poor Charlie's Almanack Charles Munger SIGNED To Famous Tom Johnson 1st Edition


		Signed " To Tom Johnson with admiration and respect "



					$1,777.00



				Buy It Now













New listing
		Poor Charlie's Almanack : The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger by Charles T.









1 product rating




					$50.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping
















Charles Munger signed $1 bill BAS Authenticated Berkshire Hathaway Vice Chairman




					$174.97

									Was: Previous Price
$249.95




				Buy It Now




						30% off













On Success by Charles T. Munger, Good Book




					$50.57



				Buy It Now






See more like thisOn Success by Charles T. Munger, Good Book















Poor Charlie's Almanack by Charles Munger









1 product rating




					$93.95



				Buy It Now













Poems by Charles Alanson Munger Paperback Book (English)




					$19.93



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisPoems by Charles Alanson Munger Paperback Book (English)















Poems by Charles Alanson Munger Hardcover Book (English)




					$33.54



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisPoems by Charles Alanson Munger Hardcover Book (English)















Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger, Peter D. Kaufm










2 product ratings




					$139.11



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger, Charles T. Mun









2 product ratings




					$136.11



				Buy It Now




Free shipping











Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger by Charles T. M




					$50.11



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisPoor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger by Charles T. M















Corrosion Prevention by Protective Coatings written by Charles G. Munger




					$29.97



				Buy It Now













Poor Charlie s Almanack The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger Expanded...




					$131.22



				Buy It Now







					From Canada








Poor Charlie's Almanack The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger by Charles T.









1 product rating




					$95.95



				or Best Offer




Free shipping


















Munger, Charles T Charlie ... Charles T. Munger Poor...




					$141.08



				or Best Offer













Munger, Charles T. On Success




					$200.00



				or Best Offer













Munger, Charles T Charlie.... Poor Charlie's Almanac...




					$6,321.28



				or Best Offer













Munger, Charles T Charlie ... Poor Charlie's Almanck...




					$685.99



				or Best Offer













SPONSORED
Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger (Abridged) b…









1 product rating




					$92.85



				Buy It Now













Munger, Charles T Charlie ... Charles T. Munger Poor...




					$623.00



				or Best Offer













Munger, Charles T Charlie ... Poor Charlie's Almanac...




					$1,000.00



				or Best Offer













Munger, Charles T Charlie.... Poor Charlie's Almanac...




					$585.21



				or Best Offer













Munger, Charles T Charlie ... Poor Charlie's Almanac...




					$2,381.00



				or Best Offer













Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T Munger - Charlie Munger









8 product ratings




					$98.78



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					189 sold
















				CHARLES T. MUNGER - Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit ** Very Good Condition **



		VERY GOOD Condition Book! Satisfaction Guaranteed!








1 product rating




					$84.75



				Buy It Now




Free shipping














				CHARLES T. MUNGER - Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T.



		Satisfaction Guaranteed! ~US Seller~ Free Shipping!








1 product rating




					$85.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping











Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger


		by Munger, Charles T. | HC | VeryGood








1 product rating




					$38.69



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					22 watching








Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger by Charles T.










1 product rating




					$64.46



				Buy It Now




Free shipping











Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger (Abridged)









1 product rating




					$60.47



				Buy It Now













Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger (Abridged) b…









1 product rating




					$92.85



				Buy It Now













Poor Charlie's Almanack : The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger  (1st Ed)


		by Peter D. Kaufman; Charles T. Munger | HC | LikeNew








1 product rating




					$280.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping





















Tell us what you think



eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.
eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More















Search refinements





Categories

All

Books
(34)




Textbooks & Educational Books
(15)


Antiquarian & Collectible Books
(8)


Nonfiction Books
(8)




Fiction & Literature Books
(1)


Other Children & Young Adults
(1)


Other Books
(1)


More





Collectibles
(1)


Show more







Condition
see allCondition




New
(9)





Used
(17)





Not Specified
(9)





Price



Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.
			$ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price 





Format
see allFormat




All Listings(filter applied)
(35)



Auction
(0)




Buy It Now
(35)




Item Location
see allItem Location




Default(filter applied)





Within


Within
2 miles5 miles10 miles15 miles25 miles50 miles75 miles100 miles150 miles200 miles500 miles750 miles1000 miles1500 miles2000 miles of Enter your ZIP code 
						Go

Please enter a valid zipcode





US Only





North America





Worldwide






see allSellerSeller





Delivery Options
see allDelivery Options




Free shipping





Free In-store pickup





Show only
see allShow only




Returns accepted





Completed listings





Sold listings





Deals & Savings





More refinements...



























*Learn about pricing




			Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter

		 This page was last updated:  Jul-24 01:24. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.






















        “Poor Charlie’s Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T Munger”    





























































 










            I Want You
To subscribe to our newsletter





* Required



                    Please enter a valid email address.
                
Email Address *



 Please
                    enter your first name.
                
First Name *



 Please check this box if you want to
                    subscribe.
                


I'd like to receive the Financial Pipeline newsletter.









                Thank you for subscribing to The Financial Pipeline! You will be receiving an email shortly to
                confirm your subscription.
            

                Sorry, there was a problem with registration. Please try again.
            











Financial Knowledge

Consumer Finance

Retirement
Spending


Industry Insights

Investors’ Corner
Career Path
Qualifications


Investing

Bonds
Derivatives
Hedge Funds
Mutual Funds
Stocks




Bookstore
Video Channel
 


























Financial Knowledge

Consumer Finance

Retirement
Spending


Industry Insights

Investors’ Corner
Career Path
Qualifications


Investing

Bonds
Derivatives
Hedge Funds
Mutual Funds
Stocks




Bookstore
Video Channel

 



 





 



      Author: Peter D. Kaufman


      Pipeline Rating: AAA


      Financial Content:  $$$$$




“Poor Charlie’s Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T Munger”





Charlie Munger is the long serving vice-chairman of Berkshire Hathaway. This book brings together his investing thoughts beyond his famous statement “I have nothing to add”.


Buy on Amazon



Categories: Books,&nbspRecommended by Vivek
Tag: Biography



Related Products







 








Review of "Rampaging Bulls"



Alexander Tadich

Pipeline Rating: 
AAA

Financial Content: 
$$$$$








Books 





						Penny Stock Trading Books: Review of Rampaging Bulls by Alexander Tadich

My boss gave me this book with the attached note: “all you nee...					

Read review










 








Review of "Debt of Honor"



Tom Clancy

Pipeline Rating: 
AAA

Financial Content: 
$$$$$








Books 





						“Debt of Honor” centers around the plot of a powerful Japanese businessman intent on putting Saipan back into Greater Japan and avenging...					

Read review










 








Review of "Money of the Mind"



James Grant

Pipeline Rating: 
AAA

Financial Content: 
$$$$$








Books 





						“Money of the Mind” is a must read for any investor who hopes to understand what moves financial markets, interest rates and economic cy...					

Read review








Search

Search for:



VIVEK VERMA'S BOOK PICKSSee more
Most Read 







									Review of Victory Lap Retirement									













									Other People’s Money: The Real Business of Finance by John Kay									













									The Twentieth Wife by Indu Sundaresan									













									Shadow Princess by Indu Sundaresan									





Our Sponsors 


Latest Posts
 







									What Boosts Interest in the Maple Market?									













									Professional Option Strategies: Examining Forex Options									













What are some of the risks involved
in Hedging?







Subscribe








What are some of the risks involved
in Hedging?
Derivatives • Hedging • Bonds • Interest Rates • Dividends
Sign up to learn more!






Subscribe


Don't show again.


































Charles Munger, Jr. - Ballotpedia











































Donate




 Elections
 Sample Ballot Lookup
 Elected Officials Lookup
 Election results
 Analysis
 2016 election analysis
 2016 election results
 Pivot counties
 Control of state government
 Competitiveness analysis
 Elections calendar
 Federal elections
 U.S. Congress special elections
 U.S. Congress elections, 2018
 State elections
 State executive
 State legislative
 State legislative special elections
 Ballot measures
 Judicial
 Local elections
 Municipal
 School board
 Local judicial
 Local measures
 Recall
 Elections by state and year
 Ballot access for candidates
 Federal
 Presidential elections
 Executive branch
 Policy issues under the Trump administration
 Presidential approval rating
 Tracking the Trump administration
 Legislative branch
 Congress
 U.S. Senate
 U.S. House
Congressional approval rating
 Judicial branch
 Supreme Court
 Supreme Court cases
 U.S. Courts of Appeals
 U.S. District Courts
 State
 State Politics
 Ballot measures
 State budgets
 State courts
 State profiles
 State legislatures
 State executive officials
 Elections by state and year
 Local
 Local ballot measures
 Notable measures
 Local measure elections
 Local courts
 Courts and judges by county
 Judicial elections
 Local elections
 Municipal government
 Largest cities
 Large counties
 Municipal elections
 Recall
 Laws governing recall
 Recall elections
 School boards
 Largest school districts
 School board elections
 Policy
 Budgets
 Civil liberties
 Education
 Elections
 Energy
 Environment
 Finance
 Healthcare
 Immigration
 Pensions
 Index
 Influencers
 National influencers
 State influencers
 Local influencers
 Election influencers
 Policy influencers
 Influencers by type
 Influencers by legal type
 Fact check
 New stories
 Federal
 State
 Local
 By date
 Submit a claim
 About fact-checking
 News
 Front page
 The Tap
 The Daily Brew
 You're Hired
 Verbatim fact check
 The Ballot Bulletin
 Pliny's Point
 Number of the Day
 Past news
 Press releases
 About
 About us
 Contact us
 Staff
 Events
 Index
 Job opportunities
 Newsletters
 Our history
 Our scope
 Partnerships
 Report an error
 Submit
 Submit a bio
 Submit a photo
 Support our work


Want to receive email updates from Ballotpedia?
			









Sign Up!


View   Print   Please log in for more tools.

Please log in to continue.



Please log in to continue.








Page contents

1 Career
2 Activism

2.1 Redistricting reform


3 Political activity

3.1 Elections, 2016

3.1.1 Carly Fiorina
3.1.2 California's State Assembly District 66 race
3.1.3 California's State Assembly District 16 race


3.2 Ballot measure activity

3.2.1 Overview of ballot measure support and opposition




4 Personal
5 Recent news
6 See also
7 External links
8 Footnotes







  


Charles Munger, Jr.






From Ballotpedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Charles Munger Jr.Basic factsOrganization:Spirit of DemocracyRole:ChairLocation:Palo Alto, Calif.Affiliation:RepublicanEducation:•University of California at Berkeley (Ph.D., atomic physics, 1987)Website:Official website

Charles T. Munger, Jr. is an experimental physicist at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center. The son of billionaire Charles Munger—vice chairman of Berkshire Hathaway—the younger Munger also advocates in California ballot proposition politics, having sponsored and supported two separate measures related to redistricting in 2008 and 2010. 


Career
Charles Munger Jr. earned a Ph.D. in atomic physics from the University of California at Berkeley in 1987. He is an experimental physicist and has worked at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center.[1][2]
He is a board member of The Lincoln Club of Northern California and a member of the board of overseers at the Hoover Institution, a think tank at Stanford University.[1][3]

Activism
In 2003, Munger joined the Curriculum Development and Materials Commission for the California State Board of Education. He served in that position until 2007.[1]
Active in local Republican politics, Munger has served as chair of the Santa Clara County Republican Party. He is chair of Spirit of Democracy, a political action committee that supports candidates around California. According to the organization's website, Munger "is responsible for selecting candidates and approving every independent expenditures done on their behalf, including television, radio and direct mail."[1][4]
Common Cause gave Munger its National Civic Leadership Award following his efforts supporting California Proposition 20, Congressional Redistricting (2010).[1]

Redistricting reform
See also: Redistricting in California
Munger has been particularly active donating to campaigns related to redistricting in the state of California. According to The New York Times, his interest in redistricting dates to his experience in 2004 as a campaign volunteer for Steve Poizner's (R) campaign for State Assembly. Munger started out "attaching addresses to envelopes." Luis Buhler, who ran the campaign, said that Poizner's loss was "a formative experience" for Munger: "He saw in that race that the way that district was drawn prevented the election of a man he thought was much better qualified. That was really the first time he realized how it all worked."[5] Of his work with redistricting in the state, Munger told Bloomberg, "I’m doing this to try to ensure voters have fair districts where representatives will compete for offices. Elected politicians are picking the voters, voters aren’t picking their representatives."[6]
His interest in redistricting led Munger to contribute $12,157,441 to Proposition 20, a 2010 ballot measure aimed at redistricting in the state. Susan Shafer, a spokesperson for the Proposition 20 campaign, said, "He’s a physicist by trade, but he’s extremely interested in this issue."[7] Of his decision to donate to the measure, Munger told a reporter for The New York Times, "I would’ve been very welcome in Republican circles if I decided to go chuck 10 million in a bunch of races up and down the state to fight for Republican control of Congress. It isn’t a worthy ambition compared to doing this."[5]

Political activity
Elections, 2016
 See also: United States Senate election in California, 2016
In January 2015, Business Insider listed Munger as one potential Republican candidate in the 2016 election for the U.S. Senate, to represent California. However, in February 2015, the Los Angeles Times listed Munger as a notable Republican who would be "sitting the race out" as a candidate.[8][9]

Carly Fiorina
See also: Carly Fiorina presidential campaign, 2016
Charles Munger donated $100,000 to Conservative, Authentic, Responsive Leadership for you and for America, a super PAC that supported Carly Fiorina's (R) 2016 presidential campaign.[10]

California's State Assembly District 66 race
See also: California races we're watching, 2016
On October 26, 2016, the Los Angeles Times reported that Munger contributed $1.4 million to a super PAC called the Spirit of Democracy California, which, in October, spent at least $1.1 million on ads opposing former state Rep. Al Muratsuchi (D) in his California State Assembly District 66 race against incumbent state Rep. David Hadley (R).[11]

California's State Assembly District 16 race
See also: California races we're watching, 2016
In California's State Assembly District 16, incumbent state Rep. Catharine Baker (R) is running for re-election against Cheryl Cook-Kallio (D) in the general election. The Los Angeles Times reported on October 28, 2016, that Munger had contributed $965,455 to oppose Cook-Kallio. The contribution was reportedly made through the Spirit of Democracy California.[12]

Ballot measure activity
Overview of ballot measure support and opposition
The following table details Charles Munger Jr.'s ballot measure stances available on Ballotpedia:



  Ballot measure support and opposition for Charles Munger Jr.


 Ballot measure

 Year

 Position

 Status


 California Proposition 54, Public Display of Legislative Bills Prior to Vote
 2016 
 Supported[13]
  aApproved


 California Proposition 30, Sales and Income Tax Increase
 2012 
 Opposed[14]
 a Approved


 California Proposition 32, the "Paycheck Protection" Initiative
 2012 
 Supported[15]
 d Defeated


 California Proposition 40, Referendum on the State Senate Redistricting Plan
 2012 
 Supported
 a Approved


 California Proposition 27, Elimination of Citizen Redistricting Commission
 2010 
 Opposed
 d Defeated


 California Proposition 20, Congressional Redistricting
 2010 
 Supported[16]
 a Approved


 California Proposition 11, Creation of the California Citizens Redistricting Commission
 2008 
 Supported[17]
 a Approved


 California Proposition 93, Amendment to Term Limits Law
 2008 
 Opposed[18]
 d Defeated


 California Proposition 77, Rules Governing Legislative Redistricting
 2005 
 Supported[19]
 d Defeated


 California Proposition 60, Political Party Election Rights Act
 2004 
 Opposed[20]
 a Approved

Personal
Email editor@ballotpedia.org to notify us of updates to this biography.

Munger married Charlotte Lowell in 1989.  A graduate of Harvard Law School, Lowell is an attorney with the law firm, Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom.[2]
Munger is one of eight children of Charles Munger, the billionaire vice-chairman of Berkshire Hathaway.[21]
Munger is the brother of Molly Munger, an attorney in Pasadena, Calif., who led the charge on Proposition 38, which would have raised taxes to provide additional money to the state's public school districts. Molly Munger contributed over $44 million to promote Proposition 38.[22][23][24]

Recent news
The link below is to the most recent stories in a Google news search for the terms Charles Munger Jr. These results are automatically generated from Google. Ballotpedia does not curate or endorse these articles; they are included to provide readers with the most recent news articles on the subject. Click here to learn more about this section.


Charles Munger, Jr. - Google News Feed

Loading...

See also
California
Redistricting in California
Public education in California
Molly Munger
Common Cause
Carly Fiorina
External links
Spirit of Democracy
Santa Clara County Republican Party
Stanford Linear Accelerator Laboratory
The Lincoln Club of Northern California
Hoover Institution
Footnotes


↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 Spirit of Democracy, "About Charles T. Munger Jr.," accessed January 27, 2016

↑ 2.0 2.1 California Watch, "The Rainmakers: California's top political donors, 2001-2011," accessed January 27, 2016

↑ Hoover Institution, "Board of Overseers," accessed January 27, 2016

↑ Spirit of Democracy, "About the Spirit of Democracy," accessed January 27, 2016

↑ 5.0 5.1 New York Times, "Tackling Redistricting With Money and Zeal," October 7, 2010

↑ Bloomberg, "Berkshire Billionaire's Son Battles Soros on California Ballot," October 15, 2010

↑ California Watch, "Wealthy donor's passion project is redistricting - but will voters care?" October 17, 2010

↑ Business Insider, "A Whole Bunch Of People Might Run For California's Open Senate Seat," January 9, 2015

↑ L.A. Times, "In California's U.S. Senate race, GOP again sees only slim chance," February 8, 2015

↑ FEC, "Conservative, Authentic, Responsive Leadership for you and for America FEC Form 3X," accessed January 27, 2016

↑ Los Angeles Times, "GOP mega-donor is spending more than $1 million in coastal L.A. County Assembly district," October 26, 2016

↑ Los Angeles Times, "Republican donor Charles Munger Jr. throws nearly $1 million into Assembly race after Obama endorsement," October 28, 2016

↑ The Mercury News, "Three rich Californians stake claims on statewide ballot," September 18, 2016

↑ California Secretary of State, "Munger, Charles," accessed June 25, 2015

↑ California Secretary of State, "Small Business Action Committee PAC," accessed June 25, 2015

↑ California Secretary of State, "Yes on 20," accessed June 25, 2015

↑ California Secretary of State, "Yes on 11," accessed June 25, 2015

↑ California Secretary of State, "No on 93," accessed June 25, 2015

↑ California Secretary of State, "Yes on 77," accessed June 25, 2015

↑ California Secretary of State, "No on 60," accessed June 25, 2015

↑ Sacramento Bee, "Prop 11 backer pours more cash into a new redistricting push," January 13, 2010

↑ Sacramento Bee, "Molly Munger changes tax initiative to address budget deficit," December 23, 2011

↑ Capitol Alert, "Molly Munger pledges to put her money into qualifying tax hike," February 6, 2012

↑ Pasadena Sun, "Pasadena attorney rethinks public school funding," February 1, 2012


v • eInfluencersMainWhat is an influencer? • National influencers • Local influencers • Influencers by type • Influencers by legal type • Influencers by policyBy stateAlabama • Alaska • Arizona • Arkansas • California • Colorado • Connecticut • Delaware • Florida • Georgia • Hawaii • Idaho • Illinois • Indiana • Iowa • Kansas • Kentucky • Louisiana • Maine • Maryland • Massachusetts • Michigan • Minnesota • Mississippi • Missouri • Montana • Nebraska • Nevada • New Hampshire • New Jersey • New Mexico • New York • North Carolina • North Dakota • Ohio • Oklahoma • Oregon • Pennsylvania • Rhode Island • South Carolina • South Dakota • Tennessee • Texas • Utah • Vermont • Virginia • Washington • West Virginia • Wisconsin • WyomingBy electionDonald Trump presidential transition team • Donald Trump potential high-level administration appointments • Presidential election key staffers, 2016Influencers DeskInfluencers articles are curated by the following writers: Christopher Nelson • Caitlin Styrsky • David Borman • Adam Jordahl
Contact the desk



 
				Retrieved from "https://ballotpedia.org/wiki/index.php?title=Charles_Munger,_Jr.&oldid=6458327"				
Categories: California influencersDonorsIndividualsActivistsState ballot measure election influencersRedistricting policy influencers2016 ballot measure election influencersBallot measure election influencers 




























 


 This page was last modified on 28 October 2016, at 15:07.
Content is available under GNU Free Documentation License 1.2 unless otherwise noted.


Privacy policy
About Ballotpedia
Disclaimers
Mobile view
Feedback
Permalink
Log in




Ballotpedia includes 257,116 encyclopedic articles written and curated by our professional staff of editors, writers, and researchers. To contact our editorial staff, click here. To report an error, click here. For media inquiries, you can reach us here. To support our continued expansion, please contact us here.





The Tap[edit]
 Ballotpedia wants to keep you in the know. In our weekly newsletter, The Tap, we let you know the important things that happened last week, and what you should look for this week. Click here to check out this week's edition.


Executive Branch[edit]
 Executive Branch
 2016 Presidential Election
 Federal Officials
 U.S. Executive Departments
 Issues by Administration
 Issues by Topic


U.S. Congress[edit]
 Congress
 Incumbents
 115th Congress
 U.S. Senate
 U.S. House of Representatives
 Committees in Congress
 United States Congress Elections, 2018


State Executives[edit]
 State Executive Officials
 State Executive Offices
 State Trifectas
 State of the State Addresses
 Irregular Office Changes
 State Executive Official Elections, 2017


State Legislatures[edit]
 State Legislatures
 List of State Legislatures
 Who Runs the States
 Competitiveness Analysis
 State Legislative Elections, 2017
 Redistricting


Ballot Measures[edit]
 State Ballot Measures
 Ballot Measures by State
 Ballot Measures by Topic
 State Ballot Measures, 2017
 Local Ballot Measures
 Local Ballot Measures, 2017
 Recall


School Boards[edit]
 School Boards
 Largest School Districts by Enrollment
 List of School Districts
 School District Spending
 School Board Elections, 2017


Municipal Government[edit]
 Municipal Government
 100 Largest Cities by Population
 List of Current City Council Officials
 United States Municipal Elections, 2017


Elections[edit]
 Elections
 Sample Ballot Lookup
 Elected Officials Lookup
 Election Calendar
 Voting Laws by State
 Ballot Access for Candidates
 Elections by State and Year


Public Policy[edit]
 Public Policy
 Budgets
 Civil Liberties
 Education
 Elections
 Energy
 Environment
 Healthcare
 Pensions


Federal Courts[edit]
 Judicial Branch
 Federal Courts
 Supreme Court
 The Federal Vacancy Count
 Major Cases of the Supreme Court
 Nominations by President


State Courts[edit]
 State Courts
 Courts by State
 Courts by County
 Judicial Elections
 Judicial Selection
 Appointments by Governor


Influencers[edit]
 Influencers
 National Influencers
 State Influencers
 Local Influencers
 Election Influencers
 Policy Influencers
 Influencers by Type
 Influencers by Legal Type


Verbatim[edit]
 Verbatim
 Verbatim Top Stories
 Federal
 State
 Local
 About Fact-Checking


Help Pages[edit]
 Index of Contents
 Index of Help Contents
 Ballotpedia Policies
 General Disclaimer
 Report an error


Community[edit]
 How to Contribute to Ballotpedia
 Ways You Can Help
 Job Opportunities
 Partnering With Ballotpedia
 Amazon Affiliate


About/Contact[edit]
 About Ballotpedia
 Scope of Ballotpedia
 The Lucy Burns Institute
 Ballotpedia Staff
 Press and Media
 For the Media
 Contact Us
 Submit a Bio


News[edit]
 The Tap
 The Daily Brew
 The Ballotpedia News Update


 









Charlie Munger - Wikipedia






















 






Charlie Munger

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Charles Munger" redirects here. For the American politician, mayor of Orlando, see Charles Henry Munger.


Charlie Munger



Munger at Berkshire Hathaway's 2010 shareholder meeting



Born
Charles Thomas Munger
(1924-01-01) January 1, 1924 (age 93)
Omaha, Nebraska, U.S.


Alma mater
University of Michigan
California Institute of Technology
Harvard University


Occupation
Investor, businessman, and philanthropist


Known for
Leading investments at Berkshire Hathaway with Warren Buffett


Salary
US$100,000


Net worth
US$1.41 billion (January 2017)


Charles Thomas Munger (born January 1, 1924) is an American investor, businessman, and philanthropist. He is vice chairman of Berkshire Hathaway, the conglomerate controlled by Warren Buffett. Buffett has described Munger as “[his] partner." Munger served as chairman of Wesco Financial Corporation from 1984 through 2011. He is also the chairman of the Daily Journal Corporation, based in Los Angeles, California, and a director of Costco Wholesale Corporation.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Investment career
3 Investment philosophy

3.1 "Elementary, worldly wisdom"
3.2 Lollapalooza effect


4 Personal life
5 Wealth and philanthropy
6 References
7 Sources
8 Further reading
9 External links

9.1 Regulatory filings





Early life and education[edit]
Munger was born in Omaha, Nebraska. As a teenager he worked at Buffett & Son, a grocery store owned by Warren Buffett's grandfather.[1] After enrolling in the University of Michigan, where he studied mathematics, he never returned to Omaha except to visit.[2] In early 1943, a few days after his 19th birthday, he dropped out of college to serve in the U.S. Army Air Corps, where he became Second Lieutenant. He continued his studies in meteorology[3] at Caltech in Pasadena, California, the town he was to make his home.[2] Through the GI Bill he took a number of advanced courses through several universities; without an undergraduate degree, he entered Harvard Law School and graduated magna cum laude with a J.D. in 1948. At Harvard he was a member of the Harvard Legal Aid Bureau.[3][4] In college and the Army he developed "an important skill": card playing. “What you have to learn is to fold early when the odds are against you, or if you have a big edge, back it heavily because you don't get a big edge often. Opportunity comes, but it doesn't come often, so seize it when it does come.”[2]
Investment career[edit]
He moved with his family to California, where he joined the law ﬁrm Wright & Garrett (later Musick, Peeler & Garrett).[2] In 1962 he founded and worked as a real estate attorney at Munger, Tolles & Olson LLP.[2] He then gave up the practice of law to concentrate on managing investments and later partnered with Otis Booth in real estate development. He then partnered with Jack Wheeler to form Wheeler, Munger, and Company, an investment firm with a seat on the Pacific Coast Stock Exchange. He wound up Wheeler, Munger, and Co. in 1976, after losses of 32% in 1973 and 31% in 1974.[2]
Although Munger is better known for his association with Buffett, he ran an investment partnership of his own from 1962 to 1975. According to Buffett's essay, "The Superinvestors of Graham-and-Doddsville," published in 1984, Munger's investment partnership generated compound annual returns of 19.8% during the 1962–75 period compared to a 5.0% annual appreciation rate for the Dow.[5]
Munger was previously the chairman of Wesco Financial Corporation, now a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. It began as a savings and loan association, but eventually grew to control Precision Steel Corp., CORT Furniture Leasing, Kansas Bankers Surety Company, and other ventures. Wesco Financial also held a concentrated equity portfolio of over US$1.5 billion in companies such as Coca-Cola, Wells Fargo, Procter & Gamble, Kraft Foods, US Bancorp, and Goldman Sachs. Munger believes that holding a concentrated number of stocks, that he knows extremely well, will in the long term produce superior returns.[6]
Wesco is based in Pasadena, California, Munger's adopted hometown. Pasadena was also the site of the company's annual shareholders' meeting, which were typically held on the Wednesday or Thursday after the more famous Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting. Munger's meetings were nearly as legendary in the investment community as those he co-hosts with Buffett in Omaha. Such meetings were often perfunctory, but Munger interacted with the other Wesco shareholders at considerable length, sometimes speculating about what his hero Benjamin Franklin would do in a given situation.[7] Meeting notes have been posted on the Futile Finance? website, but no updates exist beyond 2011.[8]
Investment philosophy[edit]
"Elementary, worldly wisdom"[edit]
In multiple speeches, and in the book Poor Charlie's Almanack, Munger has introduced the concept of "elementary, worldly wisdom" as it relates to business and finance. Munger's worldly wisdom consists of a set of mental models framed as a latticework to help solve critical business problems.[2]
Munger, along with Buffett, is one of the main inspirations behind the book Seeking Wisdom: From Darwin to Munger. Author Peter Bevelin explained his key learnings from both Munger and Buffett in a 2007 interview: "How to think about businesses and investing, how to behave in life, the importance of ethics and honesty, how to approach problems but foremost how to reduce the chance of meeting problems." Bevelin stated that previously, he "was lacking the Munger ability to un-learn my own best-loved ideas".[9]
High ethical standards are integral to Munger's philosophy and, at the 2009 Wesco Financial Corporation annual meeting, he said, "Good businesses are ethical businesses. A business model that relies on trickery is doomed to fail."[10] During an interview and Q&A session at Harvard-Westlake School on January 19, 2010, Munger referred to American philosopher Charles Frankel in his discussion on the financial crisis of 2007–08 and the philosophy of responsibility. Munger explained that Frankel believed:

...the system is responsible in proportion to the degree that the people who make the decisions bear the consequences. So to Charlie Frankel, you don’t create a loan system where all the people who make the loans promptly dump them on somebody else through lies and twaddle, and they don’t bear the responsibility when the loans are good or bad. To Frankel, that is amoral, that is an irresponsible system.[11]

Lollapalooza effect[edit]
Munger uses the term "Lollapalooza effect" for multiple biases, tendencies or mental models acting at the same time in the same direction. With the Lollapalooza effect, itself a mental model, the result is often extreme, due to the confluence of the mental models, biases or tendencies acting together, greatly increasing the likelihood of acting irrationally.[citation needed]
During a talk at Harvard in 1995 entitled The Psychology of Human Misjudgment, Munger mentions Tupperware parties and open outcry auctions, where he explained "three, four, five of these things work together and it turns human brains into mush,"[12][13] meaning that normal people will be highly likely to succumb to the multiple irrational tendencies acting in the same direction. In the Tupperware party, you have reciprocation, consistency and commitment tendency, and social proof. (The hostess gave the party and the tendency is to reciprocate; you say you like certain products during the party so purchasing would be consistent with views you've committed to; other people are buying, which is the social proof.) In the open outcry auction, there is social proof of others bidding, reciprocation tendency, commitment to buying the item, and deprivation super-reaction syndrome, i.e. sense of loss. The latter is an individual's sense of loss of what he believe should be or is his. These biases often occur at either conscious or subconscious level, and in both microeconomic and macroeconomic scale.[14][15]
Personal life[edit]
From his first marriage to Nancy Huggins,[2] Munger is a father of 2 living children: Wendy Munger, a former corporate lawyer and trustee of Stanford University,[16] and Molly Munger, a civil rights attorney and funder of a ballot initiative to raise California taxes for public education.[17]
From his marriage to Nancy Barry, Munger is a father of four children—physicist and Republican activist Charles T. Munger, Jr., Emilie Munger Ogden, Barry A. Munger and Philip R. Munger—and two stepchildren: William Harold Borthwick and David Borthwick.[18] Nancy Barry Munger died in 2010.[19]
Munger enjoys architecture and has designed multiple buildings, including dormitories at Stanford University and University of Michigan as well as the house he currently inhabits.[20]
Wealth and philanthropy[edit]
As of January 2017 Munger has an estimated net worth of $1.41 billion according to Forbes Magazine.[21]




Munger Graduate Residence at Stanford University


Munger is a major benefactor of the University of Michigan. In 2007, Munger made a $3 million gift to the University of Michigan Law School for lighting improvements in Hutchins Hall and the William W. Cook Legal Research Building, including the noted Reading Room. In 2011, Munger made another gift to the Law School, contributing $20 million for renovations to the Lawyers Club housing complex, which will cover the majority of the $39 million cost. The renovated portion of the Lawyers Club will be renamed the Charles T. Munger Residences in the Lawyers Club in his honor.[22][23][24][25] On December 28, 2011, Munger donated 10 shares of Berkshire Hathaway Class A stock (currently valued at $202,285 per share, or $2.02 million total) to the University of Michigan.[26]
In addition to the University of Michigan, Munger and his late wife Nancy B. Munger have been major benefactors of Stanford University. Nancy Munger was an alumna of Stanford, and Wendy Munger, Charlie Munger's daughter from a previous marriage, was also an alumna (A.B. 1972). Both Nancy and Wendy Munger served as members of the Stanford board of trustees. In 2004, the Mungers donated 500 shares of Berkshire Hathaway Class A stock, then valued at $43.5 million, to Stanford to build a graduate student housing complex.[27][28] The Munger Graduate Residence opened in late 2009 and now houses 600 law and graduate students.[29] The Mungers also gave a major gift to Stanford's Green Library to fund the restoration of the Bing Wing as well as the construction of a rotunda on the library's second floor, and endowed the Munger Chair in Nancy and Charles Munger Professorship of Business at Stanford Law School.[2][30]
In 1997, the Mungers donated $1.8 million to the Marlborough School in Los Angeles, of which Nancy Munger was an alumna.[2] The couple also donated to the Polytechnic School in Pasadena and the Los Angeles YMCA.[31]
Munger has been a trustee of the Harvard-Westlake School in Los Angeles for more than 40 years, and previously served as chair of the board of trustees. His five sons and stepsons as well as at least one grandson graduated from the prep school. In 2009, Munger donated eight shares of Berkshire Hathaway Class A stock, worth nearly $800,000, to Harvard-Westlake.[2][32] In 2006, Munger donated 100 shares of Berkshire Hathaway Class A stock, then valued at $9.2 million, to the school toward a building campaign at Harvard-Westlake's middle school campus. The Mungers had previously made a gift to build the $13 million Munger Science Center at the high school campus, a two-story classroom and laboratory building which opened in 1995 and has been described as "a science teacher's dream".[33][34] The design of the Science Center was substantially influenced by Munger.[2]
On April 18, 2013, the University of Michigan announced the single largest gift in its history: a US$110 million gift from Munger to fund a new "state of the art" residence designed to foster a community of scholars, where graduate students from multiple disciplines can live and exchange ideas.[35] The gift includes US$10 million for graduate student fellowships.[36]
In October 2014, Munger announced that he would donate $65 million to the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics at the University of California, Santa Barbara. This is the largest gift in the history of the school. The donation will go toward the construction of a residence building for visitors of the Kavli Institute in an effort to bring together physicists to exchange ideas as Munger stated,"to talk to one another, create new stuff, cross-fertilize ideas".[37]
In March 2016, Munger announced a further $200 million gift to UC Santa Barbara for state of the art student housing, tripling the record gift he gave for the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics.[38][39]
Munger has not signed The Giving Pledge that was started by his partner Warren Buffett and Co-Director, Bill Gates.[40]
References[edit]


^ "Charlie Munger: Background & bio". Value Walk. Retrieved March 8, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l Janet Lowe. Damn Right!: Behind the Scenes with Berkshire Hathaway Billionaire Charlie Munger (2000). John Wiley and Sons.
^ a b "The World's Billionaires #1324 Charles Munger". Forbes. October 31, 2014. 
^ "A Special Event". Harvard Law School Alumni Center. Retrieved March 8, 2016. 
^ Warren Buffett (Fall 1984). "The Superinvestors of Graham-and-Doddsville" (PDF). Safal Niveshak. 
^ Jill Perry (January 29, 2008). "Financier Munger Gives DuBridge Lecture". California Institute of Technology. 
^ Whitney Tilson (9 May 2007). "Whitney Tilson’s 2007 Wesco Annual Meeting Notes" (PDF). Tilson Funds. Tilson Funds. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ Various (2014). "Charlie Munger". Futile Finance?. Futile Finance?. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ Joe Koster (17 October 2007). "Interview with Peter Bevelin, author of Seeking Wisdom - from Darwin to Munger". Value Investing World. Google Inc. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ Charlie Munger's got a billion words of wisdom, May 17, 2009, Los Angeles Times, Accessed January 3, 2010
^ "Munger Talk at Harvard-Westlake". Scribd (from Santangel's Review). Scribd Inc. 17 October 2012. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ "Charlie Munger on the Psychology of Human Misjudgment" (PDF). RBCPA. June 1995. 
^ The Psychology of Human Misjudgement - Charlie Munger. YouTube. June 2015. YouTube title: The Psychology of Human Misjudgement - Charlie Munger 
^ Kaufman, Peter. Poor Charlie's Almanack. Donning Company. ISBN 1-57864-303-1. 
^ Hirschey, Mark (2008). Managerial Economics. Cengage Learning. p. 20. Retrieved 29 March 2011. 
^ "Munger elected to Board of Trustees". Stanford University. February 12, 2003. 
^ Steven Harmon (March 1, 2012). "Political novice no stranger to upending status quo". San Jose Mercury News. 
^ Janet Lowe (16 August 2000). "Chapter One: An Extraordinary Combination of Minds" (PDF). Damn Right!: Behind the Scenes with Berkshire Hathaway Billionaire Charlie Munger. Wiley. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ Kathleen J. Sullivan (23 February 2010). "Memorial to be held in March for former trustee Nancy Barry Munger". Stanford News. Stanford University. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ "Warren Buffet on Charlie Munger" (PDF). Berkshire Hathaway. p. 26. 
^ "Charles Munger". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-21. 
^ "Munger: A Leading Light." University of Michigan Law School.
^ Janet Lorin, "Berkshire’s Munger Gives $20 Million to Michigan Law School"(March 14, 2011). Bloomberg.
^ Kyle Feldscher, "Former Michigan student Charles Munger donates $20 million for Lawyers Club renovation project" (March 14, 2011). AnnArbor.com.
^ "$20 million gift jumpstarts renovation at M Law's Lawyers Club." University of Michigan Law School.
^ Kevin Roose, "Munger Donates $1.2 Million to University of Michigan." New York Times. January 10, 2011.
^ "Mungers donate $43.5 million to help construct new graduate student residence" (August 26, 2004). Stanford University.
^ Ulysses Torassa. "Stanford: $43.5 million given for more graduate student housing" (August 27, 2004). San Francisco Chronicle.
^ Kathleen J. Sullivan, "Memorial to be held in March for former trustee Nancy Barry Munger" (February 23, 2010). Stanford University.
^ "Farewells" (May/June 2011). Stanford Magazine.
^ "Financier Munger Gives DuBridge Lecture" (January 29, 2008). California Institute of Technology.
^ Jamie Kim, "Munger donates $800,000 of stock to school" (February 11, 2010). Harvard-Westlake Chronicle.
^ Steve Jordon, "Munger Gives 100 Shares of Berkshire to Prep School" (June 22, 2006). Omaha World-Herald.
^ Beth Schuster, "A Science Teacher's Dream in Studio City: New $13-million center gives students at Harvard-Westlake School top-notch, hands-on lessons" (December 24, 1995). Los Angeles Times.
^ O'Toole, James. "Buffett associate Charlie Munger pledges $110 million to University of Michigan". CNNMoney. Retrieved 19 April 2013. 
^ Associated Press. "$110 million donation largest in UM history". The Toledo Blade. Retrieved 19 April 2013. 
^ De La Merced, Michael. "Charles Munger, Warren Buffett’s Longtime Business Partner, Makes $65 Million Gift". Retrieved 24 October 2014. 
^ Brugger, Kelsey (March 24, 2016). "Charlie Munger Donates $200 Million to UCSB for New Dorms". Santa Barbara Independent. Santa Barbara, California. Retrieved March 25, 2016. 
^ Yelimeli, Supriya (March 28, 2016). "Billionaire Donates $200M To Fix ‘Gross’ Dorms". Daily Nexus. Santa Barbara, California. Retrieved March 29, 2016. 
^ "The Giving Pledge website". 


Sources[edit]

Lowe, Janet (2000) Damn Right! Behind the scenes with Berkshire Hathaway billionaire Charlie Munger, John Wiley & Sons (ISBN 0-471-24473-2)
Kaufman, Peter (2005 and 2006 for the second edition) Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger
Bevelin, Peter (2007) Seeking Wisdom: From Darwin to Munger (ISBN 1-57864-428-3)
Labitan, Bud (2008) The Four Filters Invention of Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger, Acalmix (ISBN 978-0-615-24129-6)

Further reading[edit]

Rojas, Claudio R. (2014). "An Indeterminate Theory of Canadian Corporate Law". University of British Columbia Law Review. 47 (1): 59–128 ("The author's perspective on Berkshire Hathaway's investment philosophy was informed by discussions with Warren Buffett in Omaha, Nebraska": pp. 59, 122–124). SSRN 2391775 . 

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Charlie Munger



Charlie Munger – Treasure Trove
Charlie Munger – A Compilation
Charlie Munger – USC Law School Commencement Speech – May 13, 2007
Audio: Standard Causes of Human Misjudgment
Charlie Munger Link Collection
Munger Speeches & Writings
Munger's Speech on Mental Models
"In the Money" (2001 Harvard Law Bulletin article)
A Lesson on Elementary, Worldly Wisdom As It Relates To Investment Management & Business (1994 USC Business School)
Charlie Munger's Lollapalooza Effect and This Credit Fiasco (2008)
Munger Says 'Thank God' U.S. Opted for Bailouts Over Handouts (Bloomberg article) (2010)
Charlie Munger Quotes

Regulatory filings[edit]

SEC.gov – Wesco Financial Corp (WSC) – EDGAR Filings (CIK: 0000105729) the EDGAR database
SEC.gov – Charles T. Munger – EDGAR Filings (CIK: 0001078511) the EDGAR database







v
t
e


Berkshire Hathaway



Board of directors



Warren Buffett (Chairman and CEO)
Charlie Munger
Howard Graham Buffett
Susan Decker
Bill Gates
David Gottesman
Charlotte Guyman
Donald Keough
Thomas Murphy
Ronald Olson
Walter Scott Jr.





Insurance



Applied Underwriters
Berkshire Hathaway Assurance
Berkshire Hathaway Homestate Companies

Kansas Bankers Surety Company


Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance
BoatUS
Central States Indemnity
Gateway Underwriters Agency
GEICO
GEICO Marine Insurance Company
Gen Re
Medical Protective
National Indemnity Company

GUARD Insurance


United States Liability Insurance Group





Materials and
construction



Acme Brick
Benjamin Moore & Co.
Charter Brokerage
Clayton Homes
International Metalworking Companies
Johns Manville
Lubrizol
Marmon

Marmon-Herrington
Procor
Union Tank Car Company


MiTek
Mouser Electronics
Precision Castparts Corp.

Carlton Forge Works
Special Metals
Timet
Wyman-Gordon


Shaw Industries
TTI





Furniture



CORT Business Services
Jordan's Furniture
Larson-Juhl
Nebraska Furniture Mart
RC Willey Home Furnishings
Star Furniture





Apparel



Brooks Sports
Fruit of the Loom

Russell
Vanity Fair


Fechheimer Brothers
Garanimals
H.H. Brown Shoe Group

Acme Boots


Justin Brands
Louis





Transportation



Berkshire Hathaway Automotive
Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation
FlightSafety International
Forest River
Marquis Jet
McLane
NetJets
NetJets Europe
UTLX
XTRA Lease





Food



CTB International
International Dairy Queen

Dairy Queen
Karmelkorn
Orange Julius


Kraft Heinz
The Pampered Chef
See's Candies





Media



The Buffalo News
Business Wire





BH Media






Newspapers




Bristol Herald Courier
Culpeper Star-Exponent
The Daily Nonpareil
Danville Register & Bee
Dothan Eagle
Eden Daily News
The Eagle
Enterprise Ledger
Grand Island Independent
Hickory Daily Record
Independent Tribune
Jackson County Floridan
Kearney Hub
Martinsville Bulletin
The Morning News
Nelson County Times
News & Record
News & Messenger
North Platte Telegraph
Omaha World-Herald
Opelika-Auburn News
The Press of Atlantic City
Roanoke Times
Richmond Times-Dispatch
Star-Herald
Statesville Record & Landmark
The Daily Progress
The Free Lance–Star
The McDowell News
The News & Advance
The News Herald
The News Virginian
The Reidsville Review
Tulsa World
Waco Tribune-Herald
Winston-Salem Journal
York News-Times








Television stations




WPLG











Jewelry



Ben Bridge Jeweler
Borsheim's Fine Jewelry
Helzberg Diamonds
Richline Group





Scott Fetzer



Campbell Hausfeld
Ginsu
Kirby
World Book Encyclopedia





Energy



MidAmerican Energy Company
NV Energy
PacifiCorp
Northern Powergrid
CalEnergy Generation
Kern River Gas Transmission Company
Northern Natural Gas
HomeServices of America





Other



Duracell
Oriental Trading Company





Related articles



Blue Chip Stamps
Wesco Financial
Owned assets








 Category









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 33233504
LCCN: n00090780
ISNI: 0000 0001 1051 9963
GND: 143363689
NDL: 00895222










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Charlie_Munger&oldid=788404902"					
Categories: 1924 birthsLiving peopleAmerican billionairesAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican financial analystsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican financiersAmerican insurance businesspeopleAmerican investorsAmerican money managersAmerican philanthropistsAmerican stock tradersBerkshire Hathaway employeesBusinesspeople from Omaha, NebraskaCalifornia Institute of Technology alumniDirectors of Berkshire HathawayHarvard Law School alumniNebraska lawyersUniversity of Michigan alumniHidden categories: Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançaisՀայերենItalianoעבריתNederlands日本語PolskiРусскийSuomiSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 06:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.




















 







YouTube 


 
  
 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch

 





Loading...
    






 


Close

 


 

 Yeah, keep it
Undo
Close
 




              This video is no longer available because the YouTube account associated with this video has been terminated.

    

Sorry about that.
    



Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    









 
















  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 






Charlie Munger - Wikipedia






















 






Charlie Munger

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Charles Munger" redirects here. For the American politician, mayor of Orlando, see Charles Henry Munger.


Charlie Munger



Munger at Berkshire Hathaway's 2010 shareholder meeting



Born
Charles Thomas Munger
(1924-01-01) January 1, 1924 (age 93)
Omaha, Nebraska, U.S.


Alma mater
University of Michigan
California Institute of Technology
Harvard University


Occupation
Investor, businessman, and philanthropist


Known for
Leading investments at Berkshire Hathaway with Warren Buffett


Salary
US$100,000


Net worth
US$1.41 billion (January 2017)


Charles Thomas Munger (born January 1, 1924) is an American investor, businessman, and philanthropist. He is vice chairman of Berkshire Hathaway, the conglomerate controlled by Warren Buffett. Buffett has described Munger as “[his] partner." Munger served as chairman of Wesco Financial Corporation from 1984 through 2011. He is also the chairman of the Daily Journal Corporation, based in Los Angeles, California, and a director of Costco Wholesale Corporation.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Investment career
3 Investment philosophy

3.1 "Elementary, worldly wisdom"
3.2 Lollapalooza effect


4 Personal life
5 Wealth and philanthropy
6 References
7 Sources
8 Further reading
9 External links

9.1 Regulatory filings





Early life and education[edit]
Munger was born in Omaha, Nebraska. As a teenager he worked at Buffett & Son, a grocery store owned by Warren Buffett's grandfather.[1] After enrolling in the University of Michigan, where he studied mathematics, he never returned to Omaha except to visit.[2] In early 1943, a few days after his 19th birthday, he dropped out of college to serve in the U.S. Army Air Corps, where he became Second Lieutenant. He continued his studies in meteorology[3] at Caltech in Pasadena, California, the town he was to make his home.[2] Through the GI Bill he took a number of advanced courses through several universities; without an undergraduate degree, he entered Harvard Law School and graduated magna cum laude with a J.D. in 1948. At Harvard he was a member of the Harvard Legal Aid Bureau.[3][4] In college and the Army he developed "an important skill": card playing. “What you have to learn is to fold early when the odds are against you, or if you have a big edge, back it heavily because you don't get a big edge often. Opportunity comes, but it doesn't come often, so seize it when it does come.”[2]
Investment career[edit]
He moved with his family to California, where he joined the law ﬁrm Wright & Garrett (later Musick, Peeler & Garrett).[2] In 1962 he founded and worked as a real estate attorney at Munger, Tolles & Olson LLP.[2] He then gave up the practice of law to concentrate on managing investments and later partnered with Otis Booth in real estate development. He then partnered with Jack Wheeler to form Wheeler, Munger, and Company, an investment firm with a seat on the Pacific Coast Stock Exchange. He wound up Wheeler, Munger, and Co. in 1976, after losses of 32% in 1973 and 31% in 1974.[2]
Although Munger is better known for his association with Buffett, he ran an investment partnership of his own from 1962 to 1975. According to Buffett's essay, "The Superinvestors of Graham-and-Doddsville," published in 1984, Munger's investment partnership generated compound annual returns of 19.8% during the 1962–75 period compared to a 5.0% annual appreciation rate for the Dow.[5]
Munger was previously the chairman of Wesco Financial Corporation, now a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. It began as a savings and loan association, but eventually grew to control Precision Steel Corp., CORT Furniture Leasing, Kansas Bankers Surety Company, and other ventures. Wesco Financial also held a concentrated equity portfolio of over US$1.5 billion in companies such as Coca-Cola, Wells Fargo, Procter & Gamble, Kraft Foods, US Bancorp, and Goldman Sachs. Munger believes that holding a concentrated number of stocks, that he knows extremely well, will in the long term produce superior returns.[6]
Wesco is based in Pasadena, California, Munger's adopted hometown. Pasadena was also the site of the company's annual shareholders' meeting, which were typically held on the Wednesday or Thursday after the more famous Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting. Munger's meetings were nearly as legendary in the investment community as those he co-hosts with Buffett in Omaha. Such meetings were often perfunctory, but Munger interacted with the other Wesco shareholders at considerable length, sometimes speculating about what his hero Benjamin Franklin would do in a given situation.[7] Meeting notes have been posted on the Futile Finance? website, but no updates exist beyond 2011.[8]
Investment philosophy[edit]
"Elementary, worldly wisdom"[edit]
In multiple speeches, and in the book Poor Charlie's Almanack, Munger has introduced the concept of "elementary, worldly wisdom" as it relates to business and finance. Munger's worldly wisdom consists of a set of mental models framed as a latticework to help solve critical business problems.[2]
Munger, along with Buffett, is one of the main inspirations behind the book Seeking Wisdom: From Darwin to Munger. Author Peter Bevelin explained his key learnings from both Munger and Buffett in a 2007 interview: "How to think about businesses and investing, how to behave in life, the importance of ethics and honesty, how to approach problems but foremost how to reduce the chance of meeting problems." Bevelin stated that previously, he "was lacking the Munger ability to un-learn my own best-loved ideas".[9]
High ethical standards are integral to Munger's philosophy and, at the 2009 Wesco Financial Corporation annual meeting, he said, "Good businesses are ethical businesses. A business model that relies on trickery is doomed to fail."[10] During an interview and Q&A session at Harvard-Westlake School on January 19, 2010, Munger referred to American philosopher Charles Frankel in his discussion on the financial crisis of 2007–08 and the philosophy of responsibility. Munger explained that Frankel believed:

...the system is responsible in proportion to the degree that the people who make the decisions bear the consequences. So to Charlie Frankel, you don’t create a loan system where all the people who make the loans promptly dump them on somebody else through lies and twaddle, and they don’t bear the responsibility when the loans are good or bad. To Frankel, that is amoral, that is an irresponsible system.[11]

Lollapalooza effect[edit]
Munger uses the term "Lollapalooza effect" for multiple biases, tendencies or mental models acting at the same time in the same direction. With the Lollapalooza effect, itself a mental model, the result is often extreme, due to the confluence of the mental models, biases or tendencies acting together, greatly increasing the likelihood of acting irrationally.[citation needed]
During a talk at Harvard in 1995 entitled The Psychology of Human Misjudgment, Munger mentions Tupperware parties and open outcry auctions, where he explained "three, four, five of these things work together and it turns human brains into mush,"[12][13] meaning that normal people will be highly likely to succumb to the multiple irrational tendencies acting in the same direction. In the Tupperware party, you have reciprocation, consistency and commitment tendency, and social proof. (The hostess gave the party and the tendency is to reciprocate; you say you like certain products during the party so purchasing would be consistent with views you've committed to; other people are buying, which is the social proof.) In the open outcry auction, there is social proof of others bidding, reciprocation tendency, commitment to buying the item, and deprivation super-reaction syndrome, i.e. sense of loss. The latter is an individual's sense of loss of what he believe should be or is his. These biases often occur at either conscious or subconscious level, and in both microeconomic and macroeconomic scale.[14][15]
Personal life[edit]
From his first marriage to Nancy Huggins,[2] Munger is a father of 2 living children: Wendy Munger, a former corporate lawyer and trustee of Stanford University,[16] and Molly Munger, a civil rights attorney and funder of a ballot initiative to raise California taxes for public education.[17]
From his marriage to Nancy Barry, Munger is a father of four children—physicist and Republican activist Charles T. Munger, Jr., Emilie Munger Ogden, Barry A. Munger and Philip R. Munger—and two stepchildren: William Harold Borthwick and David Borthwick.[18] Nancy Barry Munger died in 2010.[19]
Munger enjoys architecture and has designed multiple buildings, including dormitories at Stanford University and University of Michigan as well as the house he currently inhabits.[20]
Wealth and philanthropy[edit]
As of January 2017 Munger has an estimated net worth of $1.41 billion according to Forbes Magazine.[21]




Munger Graduate Residence at Stanford University


Munger is a major benefactor of the University of Michigan. In 2007, Munger made a $3 million gift to the University of Michigan Law School for lighting improvements in Hutchins Hall and the William W. Cook Legal Research Building, including the noted Reading Room. In 2011, Munger made another gift to the Law School, contributing $20 million for renovations to the Lawyers Club housing complex, which will cover the majority of the $39 million cost. The renovated portion of the Lawyers Club will be renamed the Charles T. Munger Residences in the Lawyers Club in his honor.[22][23][24][25] On December 28, 2011, Munger donated 10 shares of Berkshire Hathaway Class A stock (currently valued at $202,285 per share, or $2.02 million total) to the University of Michigan.[26]
In addition to the University of Michigan, Munger and his late wife Nancy B. Munger have been major benefactors of Stanford University. Nancy Munger was an alumna of Stanford, and Wendy Munger, Charlie Munger's daughter from a previous marriage, was also an alumna (A.B. 1972). Both Nancy and Wendy Munger served as members of the Stanford board of trustees. In 2004, the Mungers donated 500 shares of Berkshire Hathaway Class A stock, then valued at $43.5 million, to Stanford to build a graduate student housing complex.[27][28] The Munger Graduate Residence opened in late 2009 and now houses 600 law and graduate students.[29] The Mungers also gave a major gift to Stanford's Green Library to fund the restoration of the Bing Wing as well as the construction of a rotunda on the library's second floor, and endowed the Munger Chair in Nancy and Charles Munger Professorship of Business at Stanford Law School.[2][30]
In 1997, the Mungers donated $1.8 million to the Marlborough School in Los Angeles, of which Nancy Munger was an alumna.[2] The couple also donated to the Polytechnic School in Pasadena and the Los Angeles YMCA.[31]
Munger has been a trustee of the Harvard-Westlake School in Los Angeles for more than 40 years, and previously served as chair of the board of trustees. His five sons and stepsons as well as at least one grandson graduated from the prep school. In 2009, Munger donated eight shares of Berkshire Hathaway Class A stock, worth nearly $800,000, to Harvard-Westlake.[2][32] In 2006, Munger donated 100 shares of Berkshire Hathaway Class A stock, then valued at $9.2 million, to the school toward a building campaign at Harvard-Westlake's middle school campus. The Mungers had previously made a gift to build the $13 million Munger Science Center at the high school campus, a two-story classroom and laboratory building which opened in 1995 and has been described as "a science teacher's dream".[33][34] The design of the Science Center was substantially influenced by Munger.[2]
On April 18, 2013, the University of Michigan announced the single largest gift in its history: a US$110 million gift from Munger to fund a new "state of the art" residence designed to foster a community of scholars, where graduate students from multiple disciplines can live and exchange ideas.[35] The gift includes US$10 million for graduate student fellowships.[36]
In October 2014, Munger announced that he would donate $65 million to the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics at the University of California, Santa Barbara. This is the largest gift in the history of the school. The donation will go toward the construction of a residence building for visitors of the Kavli Institute in an effort to bring together physicists to exchange ideas as Munger stated,"to talk to one another, create new stuff, cross-fertilize ideas".[37]
In March 2016, Munger announced a further $200 million gift to UC Santa Barbara for state of the art student housing, tripling the record gift he gave for the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics.[38][39]
Munger has not signed The Giving Pledge that was started by his partner Warren Buffett and Co-Director, Bill Gates.[40]
References[edit]


^ "Charlie Munger: Background & bio". Value Walk. Retrieved March 8, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l Janet Lowe. Damn Right!: Behind the Scenes with Berkshire Hathaway Billionaire Charlie Munger (2000). John Wiley and Sons.
^ a b "The World's Billionaires #1324 Charles Munger". Forbes. October 31, 2014. 
^ "A Special Event". Harvard Law School Alumni Center. Retrieved March 8, 2016. 
^ Warren Buffett (Fall 1984). "The Superinvestors of Graham-and-Doddsville" (PDF). Safal Niveshak. 
^ Jill Perry (January 29, 2008). "Financier Munger Gives DuBridge Lecture". California Institute of Technology. 
^ Whitney Tilson (9 May 2007). "Whitney Tilson’s 2007 Wesco Annual Meeting Notes" (PDF). Tilson Funds. Tilson Funds. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ Various (2014). "Charlie Munger". Futile Finance?. Futile Finance?. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ Joe Koster (17 October 2007). "Interview with Peter Bevelin, author of Seeking Wisdom - from Darwin to Munger". Value Investing World. Google Inc. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ Charlie Munger's got a billion words of wisdom, May 17, 2009, Los Angeles Times, Accessed January 3, 2010
^ "Munger Talk at Harvard-Westlake". Scribd (from Santangel's Review). Scribd Inc. 17 October 2012. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ "Charlie Munger on the Psychology of Human Misjudgment" (PDF). RBCPA. June 1995. 
^ The Psychology of Human Misjudgement - Charlie Munger. YouTube. June 2015. YouTube title: The Psychology of Human Misjudgement - Charlie Munger 
^ Kaufman, Peter. Poor Charlie's Almanack. Donning Company. ISBN 1-57864-303-1. 
^ Hirschey, Mark (2008). Managerial Economics. Cengage Learning. p. 20. Retrieved 29 March 2011. 
^ "Munger elected to Board of Trustees". Stanford University. February 12, 2003. 
^ Steven Harmon (March 1, 2012). "Political novice no stranger to upending status quo". San Jose Mercury News. 
^ Janet Lowe (16 August 2000). "Chapter One: An Extraordinary Combination of Minds" (PDF). Damn Right!: Behind the Scenes with Berkshire Hathaway Billionaire Charlie Munger. Wiley. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ Kathleen J. Sullivan (23 February 2010). "Memorial to be held in March for former trustee Nancy Barry Munger". Stanford News. Stanford University. Retrieved 7 April 2014. 
^ "Warren Buffet on Charlie Munger" (PDF). Berkshire Hathaway. p. 26. 
^ "Charles Munger". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-21. 
^ "Munger: A Leading Light." University of Michigan Law School.
^ Janet Lorin, "Berkshire’s Munger Gives $20 Million to Michigan Law School"(March 14, 2011). Bloomberg.
^ Kyle Feldscher, "Former Michigan student Charles Munger donates $20 million for Lawyers Club renovation project" (March 14, 2011). AnnArbor.com.
^ "$20 million gift jumpstarts renovation at M Law's Lawyers Club." University of Michigan Law School.
^ Kevin Roose, "Munger Donates $1.2 Million to University of Michigan." New York Times. January 10, 2011.
^ "Mungers donate $43.5 million to help construct new graduate student residence" (August 26, 2004). Stanford University.
^ Ulysses Torassa. "Stanford: $43.5 million given for more graduate student housing" (August 27, 2004). San Francisco Chronicle.
^ Kathleen J. Sullivan, "Memorial to be held in March for former trustee Nancy Barry Munger" (February 23, 2010). Stanford University.
^ "Farewells" (May/June 2011). Stanford Magazine.
^ "Financier Munger Gives DuBridge Lecture" (January 29, 2008). California Institute of Technology.
^ Jamie Kim, "Munger donates $800,000 of stock to school" (February 11, 2010). Harvard-Westlake Chronicle.
^ Steve Jordon, "Munger Gives 100 Shares of Berkshire to Prep School" (June 22, 2006). Omaha World-Herald.
^ Beth Schuster, "A Science Teacher's Dream in Studio City: New $13-million center gives students at Harvard-Westlake School top-notch, hands-on lessons" (December 24, 1995). Los Angeles Times.
^ O'Toole, James. "Buffett associate Charlie Munger pledges $110 million to University of Michigan". CNNMoney. Retrieved 19 April 2013. 
^ Associated Press. "$110 million donation largest in UM history". The Toledo Blade. Retrieved 19 April 2013. 
^ De La Merced, Michael. "Charles Munger, Warren Buffett’s Longtime Business Partner, Makes $65 Million Gift". Retrieved 24 October 2014. 
^ Brugger, Kelsey (March 24, 2016). "Charlie Munger Donates $200 Million to UCSB for New Dorms". Santa Barbara Independent. Santa Barbara, California. Retrieved March 25, 2016. 
^ Yelimeli, Supriya (March 28, 2016). "Billionaire Donates $200M To Fix ‘Gross’ Dorms". Daily Nexus. Santa Barbara, California. Retrieved March 29, 2016. 
^ "The Giving Pledge website". 


Sources[edit]

Lowe, Janet (2000) Damn Right! Behind the scenes with Berkshire Hathaway billionaire Charlie Munger, John Wiley & Sons (ISBN 0-471-24473-2)
Kaufman, Peter (2005 and 2006 for the second edition) Poor Charlie's Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles T. Munger
Bevelin, Peter (2007) Seeking Wisdom: From Darwin to Munger (ISBN 1-57864-428-3)
Labitan, Bud (2008) The Four Filters Invention of Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger, Acalmix (ISBN 978-0-615-24129-6)

Further reading[edit]

Rojas, Claudio R. (2014). "An Indeterminate Theory of Canadian Corporate Law". University of British Columbia Law Review. 47 (1): 59–128 ("The author's perspective on Berkshire Hathaway's investment philosophy was informed by discussions with Warren Buffett in Omaha, Nebraska": pp. 59, 122–124). SSRN 2391775 . 

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Charlie Munger



Charlie Munger – Treasure Trove
Charlie Munger – A Compilation
Charlie Munger – USC Law School Commencement Speech – May 13, 2007
Audio: Standard Causes of Human Misjudgment
Charlie Munger Link Collection
Munger Speeches & Writings
Munger's Speech on Mental Models
"In the Money" (2001 Harvard Law Bulletin article)
A Lesson on Elementary, Worldly Wisdom As It Relates To Investment Management & Business (1994 USC Business School)
Charlie Munger's Lollapalooza Effect and This Credit Fiasco (2008)
Munger Says 'Thank God' U.S. Opted for Bailouts Over Handouts (Bloomberg article) (2010)
Charlie Munger Quotes

Regulatory filings[edit]

SEC.gov – Wesco Financial Corp (WSC) – EDGAR Filings (CIK: 0000105729) the EDGAR database
SEC.gov – Charles T. Munger – EDGAR Filings (CIK: 0001078511) the EDGAR database







v
t
e


Berkshire Hathaway



Board of directors



Warren Buffett (Chairman and CEO)
Charlie Munger
Howard Graham Buffett
Susan Decker
Bill Gates
David Gottesman
Charlotte Guyman
Donald Keough
Thomas Murphy
Ronald Olson
Walter Scott Jr.





Insurance



Applied Underwriters
Berkshire Hathaway Assurance
Berkshire Hathaway Homestate Companies

Kansas Bankers Surety Company


Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance
BoatUS
Central States Indemnity
Gateway Underwriters Agency
GEICO
GEICO Marine Insurance Company
Gen Re
Medical Protective
National Indemnity Company

GUARD Insurance


United States Liability Insurance Group





Materials and
construction



Acme Brick
Benjamin Moore & Co.
Charter Brokerage
Clayton Homes
International Metalworking Companies
Johns Manville
Lubrizol
Marmon

Marmon-Herrington
Procor
Union Tank Car Company


MiTek
Mouser Electronics
Precision Castparts Corp.

Carlton Forge Works
Special Metals
Timet
Wyman-Gordon


Shaw Industries
TTI





Furniture



CORT Business Services
Jordan's Furniture
Larson-Juhl
Nebraska Furniture Mart
RC Willey Home Furnishings
Star Furniture





Apparel



Brooks Sports
Fruit of the Loom

Russell
Vanity Fair


Fechheimer Brothers
Garanimals
H.H. Brown Shoe Group

Acme Boots


Justin Brands
Louis





Transportation



Berkshire Hathaway Automotive
Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation
FlightSafety International
Forest River
Marquis Jet
McLane
NetJets
NetJets Europe
UTLX
XTRA Lease





Food



CTB International
International Dairy Queen

Dairy Queen
Karmelkorn
Orange Julius


Kraft Heinz
The Pampered Chef
See's Candies





Media



The Buffalo News
Business Wire





BH Media






Newspapers




Bristol Herald Courier
Culpeper Star-Exponent
The Daily Nonpareil
Danville Register & Bee
Dothan Eagle
Eden Daily News
The Eagle
Enterprise Ledger
Grand Island Independent
Hickory Daily Record
Independent Tribune
Jackson County Floridan
Kearney Hub
Martinsville Bulletin
The Morning News
Nelson County Times
News & Record
News & Messenger
North Platte Telegraph
Omaha World-Herald
Opelika-Auburn News
The Press of Atlantic City
Roanoke Times
Richmond Times-Dispatch
Star-Herald
Statesville Record & Landmark
The Daily Progress
The Free Lance–Star
The McDowell News
The News & Advance
The News Herald
The News Virginian
The Reidsville Review
Tulsa World
Waco Tribune-Herald
Winston-Salem Journal
York News-Times








Television stations




WPLG











Jewelry



Ben Bridge Jeweler
Borsheim's Fine Jewelry
Helzberg Diamonds
Richline Group





Scott Fetzer



Campbell Hausfeld
Ginsu
Kirby
World Book Encyclopedia





Energy



MidAmerican Energy Company
NV Energy
PacifiCorp
Northern Powergrid
CalEnergy Generation
Kern River Gas Transmission Company
Northern Natural Gas
HomeServices of America





Other



Duracell
Oriental Trading Company





Related articles



Blue Chip Stamps
Wesco Financial
Owned assets








 Category









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 33233504
LCCN: n00090780
ISNI: 0000 0001 1051 9963
GND: 143363689
NDL: 00895222










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Charlie_Munger&oldid=788404902"					
Categories: 1924 birthsLiving peopleAmerican billionairesAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican financial analystsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican financiersAmerican insurance businesspeopleAmerican investorsAmerican money managersAmerican philanthropistsAmerican stock tradersBerkshire Hathaway employeesBusinesspeople from Omaha, NebraskaCalifornia Institute of Technology alumniDirectors of Berkshire HathawayHarvard Law School alumniNebraska lawyersUniversity of Michigan alumniHidden categories: Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançaisՀայերենItalianoעבריתNederlands日本語PolskiРусскийSuomiSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 06:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      












































































Charlie Munger Quotes - BrainyQuote



































 Authors:

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M


N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z



 | 
Follow Us: 















Please enable Javascript
This site requires Javascript be enabled to provide you the best experience. Some features may not be available with
Javascript disabled!

 















Related Authors 


Steve Jobs


Warren Buffett


Henry Ford


Bill Gates


Jim Rohn


Stephen Covey


Peter Drucker


Les Brown




Popular Topics 


Life Quotes


Motivational Quotes


Friendship Quotes


Inspirational Quotes


Love Quotes


Smile Quotes


Positive Quotes


Nature Quotes




More 



Find on Amazon:
Charlie Munger

Cite this page


Language
Español
Français

About
About Us

Privacy

Terms





Charlie Munger Quotes

American
-
Businessman

Born: January 1, 1924










































   Loading...






Everyone has the idea of owning good companies. The problem is that they have high prices in relations to assets and earnings, and that takes all of the fun out of the game.
Charlie Munger


Good,
Fun,
Problem



















People are trying to be smart - all I am trying to do is not to be idiotic, but it's harder than most people think.
Charlie Munger


Smart,
I Am,
Trying
























I believe Costco does more for civilization than the Rockefeller Foundation. I think it's a better place. You get a bunch of very intelligent people sitting around trying to do good, I immediately get kind of suspicious and squirm in my seat.
Charlie Munger


Good,
Believe,
Trying



















A banker who is allowed to borrow money at X and loan it out at X plus Y will just go crazy and do too much of it if the civilization doesn't have rules that prevent it.
Charlie Munger


Money,
Crazy,
Rules



















There's danger in just shoveling out money to people who say, 'My life is a little harder than it used to be.' At a certain place you've got to say to the people, 'Suck it in and cope, buddy. Suck it in and cope.'
Charlie Munger


Life,
Money,
My Life



















Gold is a great thing to sew into your garments if you're a Jewish family in Vienna in 1939, but I think civilized people don't buy gold, they invest in productive businesses.
Charlie Munger


Family,
Great,
Gold



















I'm proud to be associated with the value system at Berkshire Hathaway; I think you'll make more money in the end with good ethics than bad.
Charlie Munger


Money,
Good,
Ethics



















There's more honor in investment management than in investment banking.
Charlie Munger


Finance,
Management,
Honor



















I'm used to people with very high IQs knowing how to recognize reality, but there's a huge human tendency where it may be instructive to think that whatever you're doing to succeed is all right.
Charlie Munger


Reality,
People,
Think
























The perfect example of Darwinism is what technology has done to businesses.
Charlie Munger


Technology,
Perfect,
Done



















When someone takes their existing business and tries to transform it into something else - they fail. In technology that is often the case. Look at Kodak: it was the dominant imaging company in the world. They did fabulously during the great depression, but then wiped out the shareholders because of technological change.
Charlie Munger


Change,
Business,
Technology



















If all you needed to do is to figure out what company is better than others, everyone would make a lot of money. But that is not the case. They keep raising the prices to the point when the odds change.
Charlie Munger


Change,
Money,
Better



















Wall Street has too much wealth and political power.
Charlie Munger


Power,
Finance,
Political
































Share this page: 






























Cite this Page:
Citation







Find on Amazon:
Charlie Munger
















Related Authors



Steve Jobs




Warren Buffett




Henry Ford




Bill Gates




Jim Rohn




Stephen Covey




Peter Drucker




Les Brown


































BrainyQuote Desktop
BrainyQuote Mobile













Site

Home
Authors
Topics
Quote Of The Day
Pictures
Top 100 Quotes
Professions
Birthdays




Social
BQ on Facebook
BQ on Twitter
BQ on Pinterest
BQ on Google+
BQ on Instagram


Shop
BrainyQuote Store




Apps
iPhone/iPad app

Quote Of The Day Feeds
Javascript and RSS feeds
WordPress plugin
Quote of the Day Email




About
About Us
Contact Us
Submit
Privacy
Terms









Copyright © 2001 - 2017 BrainyQuote



Language:
Español | Français













   Loading...


Load more quotes



