


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.








Strattech Partners - Team




























Our Team
The Managing Directors of Strattech Partners have over 50 years of combined investment and technology experience in the telecommunications and information technology industries.
The complementary skills of the partners create a strong, well-balanced team combining extensive experience in venture finance, operating management and engineering.  In addition, the Managing Directors have a broad network of relationships in the technology and venture communities.







Britton H. Murdoch
Managing Director
bhmurdoch@strattechpartners.com
Britton H. Murdoch is the Founder and Managing Director of Strattech Partners, LLC based in Devon, PA – a business consulting and venture capital firm formed in 2000.  In addition, he is Chairman of the Board of Directors of Bryn Mawr Trust Company (NASD: BMTC) since January 2015 and was the Lead Director between 2010 and 2015.  Mr. Murdoch also serves as a Senior Advisor and Investment Committee member at Rittenhouse Ventures II, an early stage venture capital firm. In the non-profit area, Mr. Murdoch was a Trustee at Thomas Jefferson University and Hospital for eleven years culminating in June 2016 and served as head of the Audit and Finance Committees at various times. Mr. Murdoch is also Managing Trustee of the EMF Foundation. 
 
Mr. Murdoch was the Principal and CEO of BMW/MINI of the Main Line from 2006 to 2012.  The businesses, based in Bala Cynwyd, PA, had combined revenue of $120 million and won BMW’s Center of Excellence Award in 2012. The dealerships were successfully sold to EuroMotorcars in December, 2012. 	
 
From 1997 to 2001, Mr. Murdoch was Acting CFO and board member at Fiberlink and V-Span (venture backed, communications and Internet security companies).  Sales for both companies doubled each year during that period and both were able to attract strategic investors including Comcast, Goldman Sachs and GE Capital. Mr. Murdoch remained on the Board at Fiberlink until it was sold to IBM in 2013 for a 4.5x gain. 
 
Mr. Murdoch was Chief Financial Officer for Internet Capital Group (NASD: ICGE), a development company for B to B e-commerce companies, from 1997 until June 1998.  He was responsible for ICGE’s second round equity financing, bank financing, strategic planning and SEC exemptions, which were key to the company’s IPO in 1999.  Internet Capital, at its high, had a market capitalization in excess of $50 billion.  	
 
Mr. Murdoch served on the Board of Directors of Rental Service Corp. (NYSE: RSV), an acquisition oriented industrial equipment rental business, from 1997 until August, 1999 when the company was sold to Atlas Copco.  Mr. Murdoch served on the two-person Executive Committee of Rental Service from March, 1999 until August, 1999.  During that time, the CEO required a medical leave of absence and Mr. Murdoch guided the company through a major merger transaction with Nationsrent (NYSE: NRI) and a hostile takeover bid by United Rentals (NYSE: URI) prior to selling the company to Atlas Copco.  Rental Service was sold for a 20% premium over the hostile bidder’s offer. 
 
Prior to 1997, Mr. Murdoch was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer for Airgas, Inc. (NYSE: ARG), a distributor of industrial gases and welding supplies.  Between 1987 and 1990, Mr. Murdoch was Vice President-Corporate Development.  During his tenure, Airgas acquired over 200 companies which expanded the industrial gas distribution network from 65 locations in 12 states to over 570 locations in 41 states, Canada and Mexico.  Revenues grew from $100 million to over $1.2 billion and Airgas common stock performed in the top 100 of all NYSE stocks every year between 1992 and 1996.  During this time, Mr. Murdoch was awarded Mitchell and Company’s CFO 100 Award for three consecutive years. 	
 
Mr. Murdoch began his career at Marine Midland Bank in New York City before joining the Philadelphia National Bank, where he was Vice President and Unit Manager of the Eastern Corporate Division.  Mr. Murdoch was responsible for the large corporate market from Philadelphia to Florida where he arranged various credit facilities, loan syndications, and Euro-market financings. 
 
Mr. Murdoch is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School, earning a Bachelor of Science in Economics, with majors in Finance and Entrepreneurial Management.  He also received a Master of Business Administration Degree from New York University. 

Mr. Murdoch resides with his family in Newtown Square, Pennsylvania. 



Steve R. Holstad, Jr.
Managing Director
sholstad@strattechpartners.com
Steve R. Holstad, Jr. is a Managing Director with Strattech Partners, LLC based in Devon, PA.  Strattech Partners was founded in 2000 and is a business consulting and venture capital firm.
From 2006 to 2012, Mr. Holstad was CFO and part-owner of City Line Motors, LLC which owned BMW of the Main Line and MINI of the Main Line.  Both businesses are based in Bala Cynwyd, PA with combined annual revenue of $120 million.  Both dealerships were successfully sold to Euro Motorcars in December, 2012.

From 2004 to 2006, Mr. Holstad was acting CFO of Around Campus, Inc. a Philadelphia-based publishing company with over 125 college directory publications and independent telephone directory publications in Maine and Pennsylvania. 
In 2001 and 2002, Mr. Holstad was acting CFO of StarCite.com, Inc. a Philadelphia-based technology company serving the global meetings and events industry.  During 2002, he led the acquisition and integration of two leading companies in the travel industry and completed a $3 million financing round for StarCite with participation from Starwood Hotels, American Express and Internet Capital Group.    

In 2000 and 2001, Mr. Holstad was acting CFO and VP of Finance of TeleSpectrum Worldwide, Inc. a $300 million teleservices company.  While at TeleSpectrum he negotiated a $130 million bank credit agreement with TeleSpectrum’s bank group, brought in a new executive management team to run the company, and oversaw the company’s treasury and banking operations.  In 2001, Mr. Holstad also served as acting CFO of BidTrac.com, Inc. a software developer and application service provider for the real estate industry. 

Mr. Holstad has more than 15 years of financial experience in the commercial banking, chemical and energy industries.  Prior to joining Strattech Partners in 2000, Mr. Holstad held a number of senior management positions at the Atlantic Richfield Company (ARCO) during an eight-year career.  Most recently, Mr. Holstad managed ARCO’s worldwide financial planning organization in Los Angeles.  He was a core member of ARCO’s Global Cost Reduction Task Force, a cost reduction effort that resulted in cost savings of over $500 million.

Mr. Holstad also served as the Manager of Corporate Finance for the ARCO Chemical Company based in Newtown Square, PA.  In this capacity, he was responsible for ARCO Chemical’s global corporate finance activities, including a $1 billion debt portfolio, financing strategies, investment banking and rating agency relationships, capital structure issues, pension activities, and dividend policy.  During his tenure as Corporate Finance Manager, Mr. Holstad managed all investment banking issues related to a $600 million chemical acquisition.  Mr. Holstad also held various positions within ARCO’s Treasury, Planning, and Business Analysis functions.

Prior to its merger with British Petroleum, ARCO was the fifth largest U.S. oil company with $25 billion in assets, approximately 18,000 employees and a market capitalization of $25 billion.

Before joining ARCO, Mr. Holstad was employed in the banking industry.  He holds a BA Degree in Economics from Duke University and an MBA in Finance from the University of Michigan, where he graduated with High Distinction.  In the non-profit area, Mr. Holstad is past Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Main Line Art Center, past President of the Board of Directors of A Better Chance in Lower Merion, and is on the Board of Directors of Spark The Wave.



R. Barry Borden
Operating Affiliate
bborden@strattechpartners.com
R. Barry Borden is a Managing Director of Strattech Partners, LLC based in Devon, PA.  Strattech Partners was founded in 2000 and is a business consulting and venture capital firm.
Mr. Borden is a veteran executive with over 30 years of experience in starting, managing and advising businesses in the computer hardware, software, service and data communication industry. He possesses an in-depth understanding of business management with particular strength in sales, marketing and finance. He founded and managed the growth of several companies including Delta Data Systems and Franklin Computer Corporation.
Mr. Borden currently serves as a Director of C2Logix, a provider of Least Cost Routing services and software for small and large fleets of vehicles; a member of the Advisory Board of Solicore Corporation, a manufacturer of high tech thin-film batteries; and a member of the Technology Advisory Board of the New Jersey Economic Development Authority.
Previously Mr. Borden served as President and CEO of Fastnet Corporation, a public ISP (“Internet Services Provider”)  in Bethlehem PA.  Mr. Borden turned around operations from negative cash flow to positive, cutting expenses and manpower. Managing the company through a Chapter XI proceeding, Mr. Borden arranged a successful “363” sale to one of several bidders and was able to provide a return to creditors that significantly exceeded expectations.
From January 2001 to the end of 2002, Mr. Borden was asked to serve as Chairman of Ozro, Inc., a  troubled VC backed company in Boston, MA that provided proprietary technology for negotiating contract agreements on the Internet.  Mr. Borden negotiated a non-exclusive licensing agreement with another company in the field and secured assets that enabled the VC firm to fully recover their investment. 
Mr. Borden also served President and COO of Broadbeam Corporation of Princeton New Jersey, a supplier of a software platform for enabling enterprise-wide wireless data applications on a variety of devices and networks where he built a world class management team and raised over $40,000,000 in Preferred Stock in several VC rounds.
Mr. Borden was also the founder and CEO of Franklin Computer, the supplier of Apple II clones in the early 1980’s and Delta Data Systems, a supplier of Data Communications Display Terminals.
Mr. Borden has served as CEO of Cricket Software (Computer Graphics), Mergent International, (Desktop and network Security) ProtoComm Corporation (Multimedia networking) and Connect, Inc. (On Line computer services).
Mr. Borden has also served as a director or advisor to many firms including Infonautics, AM Communications, Sedona Corporation, Sony Corporation, MRO Corporation, Intel Corporation, Broadbeam Corporation, Commence Corporation, Opcode Systems, Ikimbo as well as several local banks.
Mr. Borden is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania’s Moore School of Electrical Engineering.
Mr. Borden resides with his wife in Bala  Cynwyd, Pennsylvania.








   Britton Murdoch | Callan Associates Inc. | ZoomInfo.com



Strattech Partners
































Strattech Partners, located in Devon, PA, is a consulting and venture capital firm that focuses on the development of growth stage companies.
We offer CEO and CFO consulting services, operational consulting, and general financial consulting services, including treasury, general and strategic management services.
More




Meet Our Team


Britton Murdoch
Managing Director


Britton H. Murdoch is the Founder and Managing Director of Strattech Partners, LLC based in Devon, PA – a business consulting and venture capital firm formed in 2000.
More



Our Portfolio


Fiberlink


Fiberlink is the leader in cloud-based enterprise mobility management. 
More



Latest News
















Fox Shakeup: Elisabeth Murdoch Stays Away From Family Business | Variety

















































 











































 



























































  
























Variety
Editions:
		

U.S
Global
Asia






Subscribe Today!

 


Navigation Menu




|

My Account
Sign In









Subscribe












 














HomeBizNews 



Elisabeth Murdoch: Staying Firmly Out of the Family Business











Cynthia Littleton

Managing Editor: Television
@Variety_Cynthia 











































































				Share This Article
				











							LinkedIn						








							Email						








							Print						








							Talk						















Samir Hussein/WireImage


June 11, 2015 | 01:31PM PT





The succession plan taking shape for Lachlan and James Murdoch at 21st Century Fox raises the question of whether their sister Elisabeth will re-enter the family business on any level.
The answer for now is a firm no — not in an executive role and not as a board member, multiple sources say. Elisabeth Murdoch is removed from the Fox and News Corp. fray by making her home base in London. She’s focused on running the investment fund, Freelands Group, that she launched after leaving Shine Group last fall following its merger with Endemol and Core Media Group.

See More:FOX SHAKEUP: James and Lachlan Murdoch Take Reins; Chase Carey Steps Aside as COO

Freelands is focused on making early-stage investments in digital and tech companies. She’s teamed on some projects with Shari Redstone, a fellow daughter of a media baron, Viacom-CBS Corp. chairman Sumner Redstone.







A rep for Elisabeth Murdoch declined to comment for the story.
Elisabeth Murdoch has had a roller-coaster relationship with her father’s media empire in the past decade. She was said to be dismayed by the actions of her younger brother James when the phone-hacking scandal erupted in 2011. She had been in line for a nomination to a board seat at the time but declined to pursue it under pressure after what was then News Corp. (prior to the 2012 division of the companies into the Fox media and entertainment conglom and the publishing-centric News Corp.) was facing heightened scrutiny of its governance.
Elisabeth Murdoch worked for various Fox entities in the U.S. in the 1990s and held a senior exec role at BSkyB before setting out on her own in 2001 with the launch of Shine Group. The company grew quickly through acquisitions of production-distribution companies. Murdoch brought a global vision to the business from the start with the focus on developing shows that could be exported as formats in a range of worldwide markets. Shine gradually expanded with outputs in the U.S., Germany, Australia, Scandinavia and other markets with the goal of creating a worldwide network of content suppliers and on the ground production capabilities.
News Corp. cut a deal to acquire Shine Group in early 2011 — a few months before the charges that News Corp.-owned newspapers in the U.K. engaged in illegal tactics and bribes as a routine newsgathering practice. That scandal spurred a tidal wave of criticism directed at Rupert Murdoch and Fox interests, and the $663 million acquisition of Shine became another target those charging that Rupert Murdoch ran the company not for shareholders but as his personal fief. In that environment, Elisabeth had no choice but to give up ambition for a board seat despite her stake in the family trust that controls a majority of voting shares in Fox and News Corp.
Shine maintained its autonomy within the News Corp. and 21st Century Fox fold for several years, with Elisabeth remaining chair. But last year, 21st Century Fox began talks with private equity giant Apollo Global Management to merge Shine with Apollo’s Endemol, which pursued a similar business strategy as Shine, and the smaller Core Media Group.







When the joint venture was finally assembled and the who-runs-what questions were sorted out, there was no role for Elisabeth. She left the company with no fanfare last fall, around the same time her 13-year marriage to PR maven Matthew Freud ended. It’s no secret that Freud had at times been a source of tension within the Murdoch dynasty, particularly after he was quoted in a 2010 New York Times story slamming Fox News and its leader, Roger Ailes.
For now, sources say Elisabeth Murdoch is eager to stay mostly out of the spotlight and is putting her energies into raising her four children and nurturing the seedling investments she helps select for Freelands. Among those investments is animation production startup Locksmith Animation, where she serves as chair.
Murdoch is also active in arts and culture projects. She is chair of the Tate Modern Advisory Group, part of the U.K.’s formidable Tate arts conversation and archive org. In addition, Murdoch has launched a private foundation to lend support to visual artists.





Filed Under:

Elisabeth MurdochFox 

Want to read more articles like this one?
									SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY.
								

Post A Comment


			0		





 




























TV									

Netflix Unveils New ‘Stranger Things’ Trailer at Comic-Con














Film									

Steven Spielberg: Iron Giant Is Major Part of ‘Ready Player One’














Film									

‘Justice League’ Trailer Shows Off DC Comics Big Bad Steppenwolf














Music									

Linkin Park Singer Died by Hanging, Coroner Confirms






















Christopher Nolan’s ‘Dunkirk’ Is the First Slam-Dunk Oscar Contender of 2017					







‘The Handmaid’s Tale’ Scores Hulu Its First Big Emmy Nominations					







2017 Emmys: Co-Star Face-Offs Create a ‘Feud’ Across Multiple Categories					







Emmys: No ‘Game of Thrones’ Means New Drama Champs Will Be Crowned					








Variety Jobs




Creative Development Coordinator

Triptyk Studios, New York, New York



Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency)

Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California



Media Specialist

Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut



Executive Director, Aspen Film

Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado



Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships

Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut



See More Jobs



 
Marketplace












Leave a Reply No Comments 
 Cancel reply 
				Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications.


Enter your comment here...




Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:



























 
 


Email (required) (Address never made public)



Name (required)



Website














 You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change )




Cancel
Connecting to %s




 Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email.
 



 

 








More  Biz News from Variety 























ad

























































































































































































Britton H. Murdoch: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 1:33 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Strattech Partners, LLC, Investment Arm



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Britton H. Murdoch  Founder and Managing Director, Strattech Partners, LLC, Investment ArmAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 4 Board Members in 4 different organizations across 6 different industries.See Board Relationships59--
Background

		Mr. Britton H. Murdoch, also known as Britt, is the Founder and Managing Director at Strattech Partners, LLC, Investment Arm. Mr. Murdoch is also the Founder and Managing Director at Strattech Partners, LLC. He is employed at Rittenhouse Ventures. From 2006 to 2012, Mr. Murdoch was the Principal and Chief Executive Officer at City Line Motors, LLC. He served as Managing Director and Principal at BT Conferencing Video Inc. Mr. Murdoch was an acting Chief Financial Officer ... and Director of Fiberlink and V-Span from 1997 to 2001. He remained on the Board at Fiberlink until 2013. Sales, for both companies, doubled each year during that time and they were able to attract strategic investors. Mr. Murdoch served as the Chief Financial Officer of Internet Capital Group Inc. from 1997 to June 1998. He was responsible for the companies second round equity financing, bank financing, strategic planning and SEC exemptions, which were the key to the company's IPO in August 1999. Prior to 1997, Mr. Murdoch served as Chief Financial Officer from 1990 to 1996, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer for Airgas, Inc. Between 1987 and 1990, he was a Vice President of Corporate Development. During his tenure, Airgas acquired over 200 companies, which expanded the industrial gas distribution network from 65 locations in 12 states to over 570 locations in 41 states, Canada and Mexico. Revenues grew from $100 million to over $1.2 billion and Airgas common stock performed in the top 100 of all NYSE stocks every year between 1992 and 1996. During this time, Mr. Murdoch was awarded Mitchell and Company's Chief Financial Officer 100 Award for three consecutive years. He joined the Philadelphia National Bank, where Mr. Murdoch was a Vice President and Unit Manager of the Eastern Corporate Division. He was the Vice President, Corporate Lending Division at the former CoreStates bank. Mr. Murdoch was responsible for the large corporate market from Philadelphia through Florida, where he arranged various credit facilities, loan syndications and Euro-market financings. He began his career at Marine Midland Bank. Mr. Murdoch is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Bryn Mawr Trust Company and Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation since January 1, 2015. He is an Independent Director of Bryn Mawr Trust Company since January 2015 and was the Lead Director between 2010 and 2015. Mr. Murdoch serves as an Independent Director of Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation since October 30, 2006 and served as its Lead Director since January 2009 until 2014. He serves as a Director of Philadelphia Media Holdings, LLC, Susquehanna Banc Shares Inc., and Equity Bank. Mr. Murdoch is a Director of Fastnet Corp., since September 5, 2001.  He serves as a Member of the Advisory Board at Rittenhouse Ventures, LLC (a/k/a Emerald Stage2 Ventures). Mr. Murdoch serves as a Member of the Advisory Board at Zon Capital Partners, LLC. He is a Managing Trustee of The Barnes Societ and the EMF Foundation. Mr. Murdoch was a Director of Starcite, Inc. and TeleSpectrum Worldwide Inc., since July 2000. He served as Chairman of FN Estate, Inc. since May 2002. Mr. Murdoch served as Director of FN Estate, Inc. since September 2001. He served as Director of BidTrac Inc. Mr. Murdoch served as Director of ProCaveo, Inc. and Founders' Bank. He served as Director of RSC Equipment Rental, Inc. since July 2000. Mr. Murdoch also served on the Board of Directors of Rental Service Corp. from 1997 to August 1999. He was a Trustee at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital for 11 years culminating in June 2016. He won BMW's Center of Excellence Award in 2012. Mr. Murdoch received an M.B.A. from New York University and B.S. in Economics, with majors in Finance and Entrepreneurial Management from the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Finance.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
20 North Waterloo RoadDevon, Pennsylvania 19333United StatesPhone: 610-293-0474Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2006-PresentChairman of the Board and Chairman of the Bryn Mawr Trust CompanyBryn Mawr Bank Corporation2006-PresentDirectorThe Bryn Mawr Trust Company
Education
MBA New York UniversityBS University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School
Other Affiliations
Actua CorporationAirgas, Inc.RSC Equipment Rental, Inc.Telespectrum Worldwide, Inc.BT Conferencing Video Inc.FN Estate, Inc.StarCite, Inc.ProCaveo, Inc.Bryn Mawr Bank CorporationFounders' BankBidTrac Inc.The Bryn Mawr Trust CompanyZon Capital Partners, LLCNew York UniversityUniversity of Pennsylvania - The Wharton SchoolRittenhouse Ventures, LLCRittenhouse Ventures II, L.P.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Strattech Partners, LLC, Investment Arm, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Britton Murdoch 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017


















 

Britton Murdoch's involvement in venture capital (via Bryn Mawr Bank)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/228075-murdoch-brittonsection=people&subsection=detail&id=228075




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


BrittonMurdochGet alertedif Britton Murdoch gets funded!Britton MurdochBryn Mawr Bank - DirectorDeals involving Britton Murdoch$30,000,000 raised with Bryn Mawr Bank on August, 2015Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check Britton Murdoch on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!