


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Elon  Products | Dermstore




 
































 


























 
 










×Close





ENJOY





20% SAVINGS  on your entire order!*









SIGN ME UP





*Offer valid for new subscribers only.




 
 
 



×Close







× Close


Thank You
You are now subscribed to Dermstore Emails.
Be sure to check your inbox for your special savings code!
start shopping






×Close


Hello Again!
Thanks for resubscribing. Welcome back!
 start shopping






× Close


Sorry,
that’s not a valid email address.
Please enter your email address in the format of name@email.com



submit

















Dermstore








brands


skin care

Cleansers & Exfoliators
Moisturizers
Serums
Sun Care
Value Sets
Tools & Devices
All Skin Care



makeup

Foundation
Concealer
Eye Makeup
Lip Makeup
Face Makeup
Mascara
Palettes & Sets
All Makeup



hair care

Shampoo
Conditioner
Styling Tools
Styling Products
Hair Treatments
All Hair Care



bath & body

Lotions & Oils
Bath & Shower
Body Treatments
Hair Removal
Baby & Mom
Fragrance
Oral Care
Value Sets
All Bath & Body



natural

Skin Care
Makeup
Hair Care
Bath & Body
All Natural




        Rewards


Sign up to earn points towards discounts on your favorite brands and products!

Learn More
Join Now




Sale


skin health center


blog


Reviews


Press


customer service

Customer Service
Order Status
Shipping Policies
Returns
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Discount Exclusions
Website Terms of Use

Call Us
1800-213-DERM(3376)





Log In











FREE Shipping & Returns - details



Save 32% on Harry Josh Pro Tools 2000 Pro Dryer + free gifts for a limited time. SHOP NOW   



 Let wanderlust lead the way with  travel-ready beauty. 
 SHOP TRAVEL 







Earn Rewards



Log In / Sign Up 

Log In / Sign Up
Track Order
Easy Returns
Order History
My Favorites
Dermstore Subscriptions






















0 Items 0 
















0 Items 0 

































ElonAll Products 












Elon offers exceptional care for the nails, skin and hair. Originally based solely around nail care, Elon provides effective treatment to cracked, peeling and split nails. Now, Elon also provides care for dry skin, eczema, irritated skin and thinning hair. This combination of exceptionally effective formulation makes for a more beautiful you from head to toe.









Refine by






 
Product Type Bath and Body
 Hair Care
 Makeup
 Skin Care
 
 
Concern Anti-Fungal

 Calluses

 Damaged Hair

 Diaper Rash

 Dryness and Dehydration

 Eczema

 Free Radical Damage

 Frizzy Hair

 Hair Loss and Thinning Hair

 
 
Skin Type Acne-Prone Skin
 Combination Skin
 Dry Skin
 Mature Skin
 Normal Skin
 Oily Skin
 Sensitive Skin
 
 
Hair Type Colored Hair
 Dry Hair
 Fine Hair
 
 
Application Area Body
 Face
 Feet
 Hair
 Hands
 Nails
 Scalp
 
 
Ingredient Vitamin E
 Antioxidants
 Dimethicone
 Vitamin C
 Titanium Dioxide
 Aloe Vera
 Panthenol
 Vitamin A
 Shea Butter
 Jojoba
View More
View Less

 Aloe Vera
 Antioxidants
 Beeswax
 Biotin
 Dimethicone
 Hydroquinone
 Jojoba
 Olive Oil
 Panthenol
 Shea Butter
 Titanium Dioxide
 Vitamin A
 Vitamin C
 Vitamin E
 
 
Ratings 
 
 
 
 











                                    Filters:
                                

                                    None
                                

CLEAR FILTERS








Sort By


Best Sellers
Price - Low to High
Price - High to Low
New
Top Rated
Free Gift





















































JOIN NOW


20% off your next order + free shipping 
Expires 30 days from signup. For new subscribers only. Brand exclusions apply.



JOIN NOW






WELCOME AND THANK YOU!
          You are now subscribed.


WELCOME AND THANK YOU!
          Our Records indicate that you've already subscribed once.




JOIN NOW


Oops, an error occurred.
          Please try adding your email address again.



JOIN NOW



 








Tesla Solar Roof could be Elon Musk's best product - Business Insider





































 





 




































































































Finance























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 







×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








Elon Musk has discovered a new passion in life — and it could be Tesla's best product yet












Matthew DeBord












May 13, 2017, 10:07 AM



140,507




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 





Musk introducing Solar Roof in October of 2016.Tesla 
See Also




The Model 3 arrives Friday — here's a look at how Tesla's cars have evolved over the years





Elon Musk is testing part of a futuristic transport system that could rocket cars through tunnels at 130 mph





Here's everything Tesla wants to accomplish by 2020




Tesla CEO Elon is the best car salesman in history. And as CEO of SpaceX, he's declared his intention to retire on Mars.
But what are supercar-fast electric vehicles and low-Earth orbits in the face of ... roofing.
Against all odds, Musk has become perhaps the biggest booster in the history of the roofing business, thanks to a new Tesla product, the Solar Roof, that officially went on sale Wednesday.
It's the first post-Solar City-acquisition product that Tesla is selling, and it sounds as if it's been occupying at least as much of Musk's attention as the forthcoming launch of Tesla's Model 3 car.
I can honestly say that I've never heard anyone express such enthusiasm about the top of house. As someone who has owned a few houses, my general reaction to discussions of roofs has been dread. They have to be replaced periodically, and that's expensive. Also, they have to be repaired. And they leak. 
Musk doesn't share this dread. Just as he has a vision for Tesla's vehicles and for SpaceX's Mars-colonizing ambitions (as well as traffic-beating tunnels and artificial intelligence), so he has a vision for roofs. And it's actually rather exciting.
Big on solar
A conceptual illustration of an installed Solar Roof.Tesla
Musk has always been big on solar power. Prior to Tesla buying SolarCity for over $2 billion, Musk was the company's Chairman (his cousin was the CEO). He likes to point out that humanity has a compelling alternative to fossil-fuel energy: the giant fusion reactor in the sky that bathes the planet every day with free power.
Solar also fits into his master plan, which involves eliminating greenhouse-gas emissions by electrifying transportation; backing up the biosphere with SpaceX, which would make humanity a multi-planetary species; and powering it all with solar energy.
SolarCity has long been able to sell or lease a homeowner solar panels, but the Solar Roof offers a different value proposition. If you have to replace your roof anyway, why not replace it with a roof that generates power and saves you money over the long haul? 
With a 30-year-mortgage, if you stay in the house, you'll replace your roof at least once. At a cost of about $10,000, you maintain the value of the home, but you don't necessarily add much to it. The Solar Roof should last twice as long as a traditional roof (and maybe much longer) and it will both mitigate your electricity costs and, paired with a Tesla Powerpack battery, provide you with backup energy. 
The up-front costs are high, but the overall economics are compelling. And in sunny states where electricity is costly, such as California, a Solar Roof could net a homeowner tens of thousands of dollar over 30 years.
But there's something else that thrills Musk even more than the money part.
It's the aesthetics.
Looks are everything
Such beauty!Tesla
Tesla will have four different tile choices for the Solar Roof by 2018, and Musk made it clear in a call with reporters Wednesday that the company tried really hard to redefine the way we look at the top of our houses. 
We're talking roof envy here, something that Musk sought to stoke when the Solar Roof was revealed in Los Angeles last October. "Check out the sweet roof," he joked at the time, speculating on previously unheard-of dialogue in suburban enclaves that will be early adopters of the Tesla design.
Last week, he said that Tesla had struggled to find sufficiently beautiful roofs upon which to base its designs for the Solar Roof. 
"We had a hard time finding good-looking roofs. Try it. Use Google search. This Solar Roof is the opposite. It will look better and last longer than a normal roof."
In fact, Musk seemed almost giddy about the Solar Roof, joyfully embracing this bane of many a homeowners existence and arguing that for far too long, we've been deprived of rooftop beauty as a species. 
And it's not hard to see why he's so thrilled. On paper, Solar Roof is an enticing product — and something new for Tesla. The company's vehicles are remarkable, but they do currently cost $100,000 on average and, like all cars, are depreciating assets. Even a Tesla is invariably worth less the day after you buy it.
An appreciating asset
I love these damn Solar Roofs!Tesla
The Powerwall and the other Tesla Energy products are potentially a solid line of business, but a slab of battery on your garage wall, no matter how cool, doesn't stir the spirit. And like a stove or refrigerator, a Powerwall will lose value over time.
The Solar Roof, on the other hand, could be financed through a homeowner's mortgage (adding, for the sake of argument, $20,000 for an effectively 30-year net savings of around $5,000, making the roof effectively free). If the home's value rises in line with the rate of inflation and the Solar Roof remains in working order, it will become part of an appreciating asset, further enhancing the homeowner's bottom line and net worth.
It's certainly worth noting that almost no other tech company is in the appreciating asset business. Apple iPhones are from the moment of purchase on a swift path to worthlessness. Facebook's "product" is ephemeral. Google facilitates finding things, offering a service rather than something that you can buy that will be worth more later. Microsoft grew large on software that has to be updated every few years.
In fact, if you look around, outside of financial instruments, there are really aren't that many ways to buy stuff that will actually be worth more tomorrow than today. 
Of course, there will be some depreciation with a Solar Roof, and maintenance costs could be a factor. But all in, when the real-estate value of the property is taken into account, a homeowner should come out well ahead.
And the homeowner would have an awesome roof to look at! Musk is so utterly into the Solar Roof that he didn't want to let the reporters he spoke with last week go back to work without a message of gorgeous rooftops and free power.
"What's is the future we want?" he asked. "We want to look around and see roofs that are beautiful and that draw energy from the sun."
I'm sold.
Get the latest Tesla stock price here. 

SEE ALSO: Elon Musk is the greatest car salesman who has ever lived




NOW WATCH: Elon Musk just revealed the final details of Tesla's Solar Roof — here's everything you need to know








            More:

                                                        BITranspo
Solar
Solar roof
Elon Musk



Tesla Take
Tesla
Op-Ed



















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























Elon Musk has discovered a new passion in life — and it could be Tesla's best product yet
Elon Musk has discovered a new passion in life — and it could be Tesla's best product yet

Tesla CEO Elon is the best car salesman in...




















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






Apple is lagging the market as iPhone 8 woes mount


More "The Bottom Line" » 






Here's how much you need to save for college every year depending on when you start


More "Year by Year" » 




 





Finance Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 





























































Elon Musk Teases Mysterious New Tesla Product | HuffPost





























































Tap here to turn on desktop notifications to get the news sent straight to you.


























EDITION
US











Arabi


Australia


Brasil


Canada


Deutschland


España


France


Greece


India




Italia


Japan


Korea


Maghreb


México


Québec


South Africa


United Kingdom


United States











Close


















BUSINESS



03/30/2015 01:27 pm ET
|

Updated
Apr 02, 2015



Elon Musk Teases Mysterious New Tesla Product






By Mark Gongloff












































Elon Musk announced on Monday that a new, mystery Tesla product is coming:

Major new Tesla product line -- not a car -- will be unveiled at our Hawthorne Design Studio on Thurs 8pm, April 30
— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) March 30, 2015

No telling what the new product could be. 
"We have no additional information to share right now," Tesla spokesperson Khobi Brooklyn emailed The Huffington Post. "I’m happy to send you more details in the coming weeks."
One possibility is that the new product could be the "snake charger" Musk tweeted about back in December:

Btw, we are actually working on a charger that automatically moves out from the wall & connects like a solid metal snake. For realz.
— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) December 31, 2014

In Musk's vision of the future, a driverless Tesla car could drive itself back to its owner's garage, park itself and let itself be plugged in by a robotic snake charger. That will give a Tesla-owning human being more time for other stuff, like renting out the back of her Tesla on Airbnb.
Or maybe it'll be the home-powering battery Musk teased back in February.
Tesla's stock price jumped nearly 4 percent after Musk's tweet.
This is not the first time Musk has hyped new products on social media. Back in October, he hinted that the company was about to "unveil the D." A speculative surge in Tesla's stock price followed. The surge vanished shortly thereafter, when the company unveiled the Tesla D, which apparently didn't live up to investor expectations that had been stoked partly by Musk's tweet.
Earlier this month, Musk defended his social-media activities, saying he wasn't using Twitter to pump up Tesla's stock price:

Some people seem to think I tweet to affect share price. This is false. A brief rise in $TSLA stock obviously does no good for Tesla or me.
— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) March 16, 2015






















Suggest a correction





Mark Gongloff




Managing Editor, Business and Tech, The Huffington Post






MORE:

Tesla


Tesla New Product


Elon Musk


Elon Musk Tweets


Elon Musk New Product













From Our Partners
Presented by LendingTree



































Elon Musk Teases Mysterious New Tesla Product



































CONVERSATIONS






































































Elon Musk - Wikipedia




















 







Elon Musk

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 26 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Elon Musk



A headshot of Elon Musk in 2015.



Born
Elon Reeve Musk
(1971-06-28) June 28, 1971 (age 46)
Pretoria, Transvaal (now Gauteng), South Africa


Residence
Bel Air, Los Angeles, California, U.S.[1][2]


Citizenship



South African (1971–present)
Canadian (1989–present)
American (2002–present)





Alma mater
Queen's University
University of Pennsylvania[3][4]


Occupation
Entrepreneur, Engineer, Inventor, and Investor


Known for
SpaceX, PayPal, Tesla Inc., Hyperloop, SolarCity, OpenAI, The Boring Company, Neuralink, Zip2


Net worth
US$16.1 billion (July 2017)[5]


Title
CEO and CTO of SpaceX
CEO and product architect of Tesla, Inc.
CEO of Neuralink
Chairman of SolarCity
Co-chairman of OpenAI


Spouse(s)



Justine Musk (m. 2000; div. 2008)
Talulah Riley (m. 2010–div. 2012; m. 2013–div. 2016)[6][7]





Children
6


Parent(s)
Maye Musk (mother)
Errol Graham Musk (father)


Relatives
Tosca Musk (sister)
Kimbal Musk (brother)
Lyndon Rive (cousin)


Signature





Elon Reeve Musk (/ˈiːlɒn ˈmʌsk/; born June 28, 1971) is a South African-born Canadian-American business magnate, investor,[8][9] engineer,[10] and inventor.[15]
Elon is the founder, CEO, and CTO of SpaceX; a co-founder,[16] a Series A investor, CEO, and product architect of Tesla Inc.; co-chairman of OpenAI; founder and CEO of Neuralink. He was previously co-founder and chairman of SolarCity; co-founder of Zip2; and founder of X.com, which merged with Confinity and took the name PayPal.[21] As of July 2017, he has an estimated net worth of $16.1 billion, making him the 80th-wealthiest person in the world.[22] In December 2016, Musk was ranked 21st on the Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[23]
Musk has stated that the goals of SolarCity, Tesla, and SpaceX revolve around his vision to change the world and humanity.[24] His goals include reducing global warming through sustainable energy production and consumption, and reducing the "risk of human extinction" by "making life multiplanetary"[25][26] by establishing a human colony on Mars.
In addition to his primary business pursuits, he has also envisioned a high-speed transportation system known as the Hyperloop, and has proposed a VTOL supersonic jet aircraft with electric fan propulsion, known as the Musk electric jet.[27][28]
Elon also proposed the concept of The Boring Company in 2017.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 Early childhood
1.2 Education


2 Career

2.1 Zip2
2.2 X.com and PayPal
2.3 SpaceX
2.4 Tesla
2.5 SolarCity
2.6 Hyperloop
2.7 OpenAI
2.8 Neuralink
2.9 The Boring Company


3 Subsidies
4 Political positions

4.1 Lobbying


5 Opinions

5.1 Destiny and religion
5.2 Extraterrestrial life
5.3 Artificial intelligence


6 Personal life

6.1 Philanthropy
6.2 Family
6.3 Zolpidem usage


7 Patents
8 Awards and recognition

8.1 Honorary doctorates


9 In popular media
10 References
11 Further reading
12 External links

12.1 Articles
12.2 Interviews





Early life
Early childhood
Musk was born on June 28, 1971, in Pretoria, Transvaal, South Africa,[29] the son of Maye Musk (née Haldeman), a model and dietician from Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada;[30] and Errol Musk, a South African electromechanical engineer, pilot and sailor. He has a younger brother, Kimbal (born 1972), and a younger sister, Tosca (born 1974).[34] His paternal grandmother was British, and he also has Pennsylvania Dutch ancestry.[35][36] His maternal grandfather was American, from Minnesota.[37] After his parents divorced in 1980, Musk lived mostly with his father in the suburbs of Pretoria.[35]
During his childhood he was an avid reader.[38]
At age 10, he developed an interest in computing with the Commodore VIC-20.[39] He taught himself computer programming at the age of 12, sold the code for a BASIC-based video game he created called Blastar, to a magazine called PC and Office Technology, for approximately $500.[40][41] A web version of the game is available online.[40][42]
Musk was severely bullied throughout his childhood, and was once hospitalized when a group of boys threw him down a flight of stairs and then beat him until he lost consciousness.[38]
Musk was initially educated at private schools, attending the English-speaking Waterkloof House Preparatory School. Musk later graduated from Pretoria Boys High School and moved to Canada in June 1989, just before his 18th birthday,[43] after obtaining Canadian citizenship through his Canadian-born mother.[44][45]`
Education
At the age of 17, Musk was accepted into Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, for undergraduate study. In 1992, after spending two years at Queen's University, Musk transferred to the University of Pennsylvania, where in May 1997 he received a Bachelor of Science degree in physics from its College of Arts and Sciences, and a Bachelor of Science degree in economics from its Wharton School of Business. Musk extended his studies for one year to finish the second bachelor's degree.[38][46] While at the University of Pennsylvania, Musk and fellow Penn student Adeo Ressi rented a 10-bedroom fraternity house, using it as an unofficial nightclub.[38]
In 1995, at age 24, Musk moved to California to begin a PhD in applied physics and materials science at Stanford University, but left the program after two days to pursue his entrepreneurial aspirations in the areas of the Internet, renewable energy and outer space.[41][47] In 2002, he became a U.S. citizen.[48][49]
Career
Zip2
Main article: Zip2
In 1995, Musk and his brother, Kimbal, started Zip2, a web software company, with US$28,000 of their father's money.[38] The company developed and marketed an Internet "city guide" for the newspaper publishing industry.[50] Musk obtained contracts with The New York Times and the Chicago Tribune[51] and persuaded the board of directors to abandon plans for a merger with CitySearch.[52] While at Zip2, Musk wanted to become CEO; however, none of the board members would allow it.[38] Compaq acquired Zip2 for US$307 million in cash and US$34 million in stock options in February 1999.[53] Musk received US$22 million for his 7% share from the sale.[51]
X.com and PayPal
Main article: PayPal
In March 1999, Musk co-founded X.com, an online financial services and e-mail payment company, with US$10 million from the sale of Zip2.[43][50][52] One year later, the company merged with Confinity,[51][54] which had a money transfer service called PayPal. The merged company focused on the PayPal service and was renamed PayPal in 2001. PayPal's early growth was driven mainly by a viral marketing campaign where new customers were recruited when they received money through the service.[55] Musk was ousted in October 2000 from his role as CEO (although he remained on the board) due to disagreements with other company leadership, notably over his desire to move PayPal's Unix-based infrastructure to Microsoft Windows.[56] In October 2002, PayPal was acquired by eBay for US$1.5 billion in stock, of which Musk received US$165 million.[57] Before its sale, Musk, who was the company's largest shareholder, owned 11.7% of PayPal's shares.[58]
SpaceX
Main article: SpaceX
In 2001, Musk conceptualized "Mars Oasis"; a project to land a miniature experimental greenhouse on Mars, containing food crops growing on Martian regolith, in an attempt to regain public interest in space exploration.[59][60] In October 2001, Musk travelled to Moscow with Jim Cantrell (an aerospace supplies fixer), and Adeo Ressi (his best friend from college), to buy refurbished Dnepr Intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) that could send the envisioned payloads into space. The group met with companies such as NPO Lavochkin and Kosmotras; however, according to Cantrell, Musk was seen as a novice and was consequently spat on by one of the Russian chief designers,[61] and the group returned to the United States empty-handed. In February 2002, the group returned to Russia to look for three ICBMs, bringing along Mike Griffin, who had worked for the CIA's venture capital arm, In-Q-Tel; NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory; and was just leaving Orbital Sciences, a maker of satellites and spacecraft. The group met again with Kosmotras, and were offered one rocket for US$8 million, however, this was seen by Musk as too expensive; Musk consequently stormed out of the meeting. On the flight back from Moscow, Musk realized that he could start a company that could build the affordable rockets he needed.[61] According to early Tesla and SpaceX investor Steve Jurvetson,[62] Musk calculated that the raw materials for building a rocket actually were only 3 percent of the sales price of a rocket at the time. It was concluded that theoretically, by applying vertical integration and the modular approach from software engineering, SpaceX could cut launch price by a factor of ten and still enjoy a 70-percent gross margin.[63] Ultimately, Musk ended up founding SpaceX with the long-term goal of creating a "true spacefaring civilization".[64]




Musk and President Barack Obama at the Falcon 9 launch site in 2010


With US$100 million of his early fortune,[65] Musk founded Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, in May 2002.[66] Musk is chief executive officer (CEO) and chief technology officer (CTO) of the Hawthorne, California-based company. SpaceX develops and manufactures space launch vehicles with a focus on advancing the state of rocket technology. The company's first two launch vehicles are the Falcon 1 and Falcon 9 rockets (a nod to Star Wars' Millennium Falcon), and its first spacecraft is the Dragon (a nod to Puff the Magic Dragon).[67] In seven years, SpaceX designed the family of Falcon launch vehicles and the Dragon multipurpose spacecraft. In September 2008, SpaceX's Falcon 1 rocket became the first privately funded liquid-fueled vehicle to put a satellite into Earth orbit.[38] On May 25, 2012, the SpaceX Dragon vehicle berthed with the ISS, making history as the first commercial company to launch and berth a vehicle to the International Space Station.[68]
In 2006, SpaceX was awarded a contract from NASA to continue the development and test of the SpaceX Falcon 9 launch vehicle and Dragon spacecraft in order to transport cargo to the International Space Station,[69][not in citation given] followed by a US$1.6 billion NASA Commercial Resupply Services program contract on December 23, 2008, for 12 flights of its Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station, replacing the US Space Shuttle after it retired in 2011.[70] Astronaut transport to the ISS is currently handled solely by the Soyuz, but SpaceX is one of two companies awarded a contract by NASA as part of the Commercial Crew Development program, which is intended to develop a US astronaut transport capability by 2018.[71] On 22 December 2015, SpaceX successfully landed the first stage of its Falcon rocket back at the launch pad. This was the first time in history such a feat had been achieved by an orbital rocket and is a significant step towards rocket reusability lowering the costs of access to space.[72] This first stage recovery was replicated several times in 2016 by landing on an Autonomous spaceport drone ship, an ocean based recovery platform.[73]
SpaceX is both the largest private producer of rocket engines in the world, and holder of the record for highest thrust-to-weight ratio for a rocket engine.[74] SpaceX has produced more than 100 operational Merlin 1D engines, currently the world's most powerful engine for its weight.[75] The relatively immense power to weight ratio allows each Merlin 1D engine to vertically lift the weight of 40 average family cars. In combination, the 9 Merlin engines in the Falcon 9 first stage produces anywhere from 5.8 to 6.7 MN (1.3 to 1.5 million pounds) of thrust, depending on altitude.[76]
Musk was influenced by Isaac Asimov's Foundation series[77] and views space exploration as an important step in preserving and expanding the consciousness of human life.[78] Musk said that multiplanetary life may serve as a hedge against threats to the survival of the human species.

An asteroid or a super volcano could destroy us, and we face risks the dinosaurs never saw: an engineered virus, inadvertent creation of a micro black hole, catastrophic global warming or some as-yet-unknown technology could spell the end of us. Humankind evolved over millions of years, but in the last sixty years atomic weaponry created the potential to extinguish ourselves. Sooner or later, we must expand life beyond this green and blue ball—or go extinct.

Musk's goal is to reduce the cost of human spaceflight by a factor of 10.[79] In a 2011 interview, he said he hopes to send humans to Mars' surface within 10–20 years.[80] In Ashlee Vance's biography, Musk stated that he wants to establish a Mars colony by 2040, with a population of 80,000.[39] Musk stated that, since Mars' atmosphere lacks oxygen, all transportation would have to be electric (electric cars, electric trains, Hyperloop, electric aircraft).[81] Space X intends to launch a Dragon spacecraft on a Falcon Heavy in 2018 to soft-land on Mars - this is intended to be the first of a regular cargo mission supply-run to Mars building up to later crewed flights.[82] Musk stated in June 2016 that the first unmanned flight of the larger Mars Colonial Transporter (MCT) spacecraft is aimed for departure to the red planet in 2022, to be followed by the first manned MCT Mars flight departing in 2024.[83] In September 2016, Musk revealed details of his plan to explore and colonize Mars.[84] By 2016, Musk's private trust holds 54% of SpaceX stock, equivalent to 78% of voting shares.[85]
Tesla
Main article: Tesla, Inc.
Tesla, Inc. (originally Tesla Motors) was incorporated in July 2003 by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning, who financed the company until the Series A round of funding.[86]
Both men played active roles in the company's early development prior to Elon Musk's involvement.[87] Musk led the Series A round of investment in February 2004, joining Tesla's board of directors as its chairman.[88] Musk took an active role within the company and oversaw Roadster product design at a detailed level, but was not deeply involved in day-to-day business operations.[89]
Following the financial crisis in 2008,[90] Musk assumed leadership of the company as CEO and product architect, positions he still holds today. Tesla Motors first built an electric sports car, the Tesla Roadster in 2008, with sales of about 2,500 vehicles to 31 countries. Tesla began delivery of its four-door Model S sedan on June 22, 2012. It unveiled its third product, the Model X, aimed at the SUV/minivan market, on February 9, 2012; the Model X launch was however delayed until September 2015.[91][92][93] In addition to its own cars, Tesla sells electric powertrain systems to Daimler for the Smart EV, Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive and Mercedes A Class and to Toyota for the RAV4 EV. Musk was able to bring in both companies as long-term investors in Tesla.[94]







Musk observing an assembly demo at the reopening of the NUMMI plant, now known as the Tesla Factory (Fremont, California) in 2010









Musk standing in front of a Tesla Model S in 2011









Musk and Senator Dianne Feinstein next to a Tesla Model S (2010)




Musk has favored building a sub-US$30,000 compact Tesla model and building and selling electric vehicle powertrain components so that other automakers can produce electric vehicles at affordable prices without having to develop the products in-house; this led to the Model 3 that is planned to have a base price of US$35,000.[95] Several mainstream publications have compared him with Henry Ford for his work on advanced vehicle powertrains.[96]
In a May 2013 interview with All Things Digital, Musk said that to overcome the range limitations of electric cars, Tesla is "dramatically accelerating" its network of supercharger stations, tripling the number on the East and West coasts of the U.S. that June, with plans for more expansion across North America, including Canada, throughout the year.[97] As of January 29, 2016, Musk owns about 28.9 million Tesla shares, which equates to about 22% of the company.[98][99]
As of 2014, Musk's annual salary is one dollar, similar to Steve Jobs and other CEOs, the remainder of his compensation is in the form of stock and performance-based bonuses.[100][101]
In 2014, Musk announced that Tesla would allow its technology patents to be used by anyone in good faith in a bid to entice automobile manufacturers to speed up development of electric cars. "The unfortunate reality is electric car programs (or programs for any vehicle that doesn't burn hydrocarbons) at the major manufacturers are small to non-existent, constituting an average of far less than 1% of their total vehicle sales", Musk said.[102]
In February 2016, Musk announced that he had acquired the Tesla.com domain name from Stu Grossman, who had owned it since 1992 and changed Tesla's homepage to that domain.[103]
SolarCity
Main article: SolarCity
Musk provided the initial concept and financial capital for SolarCity, which was then co-founded in 2006 by his cousins Lyndon and Peter Rive.[104][105] SolarCity is now the second largest provider of solar power systems in the United States.[106]
The underlying motivation for funding both SolarCity and Tesla is to help combat global warming.[107] In 2012, Musk announced that SolarCity and Tesla are collaborating to use electric vehicle batteries to smooth the impact of rooftop solar on the power grid, with the program going live in 2013.[108]
On June 17, 2014, Musk committed to building in Buffalo, New York, a SolarCity advanced production facility that would triple the size of the largest solar plant in the United States. Musk stated the plant will be "one of the single largest solar panel production plants in the world", and it will be followed by one or more even bigger facilities in subsequent years.[109][needs update]
In June 2016, Musk's car company, Tesla, formally submitted an offer to acquire SolarCity.[110]
Hyperloop
Main articles: Hyperloop and Hyperloop pod competition
On August 12, 2013, Musk unveiled a concept for a high-speed transportation system incorporating reduced-pressure tubes in which pressurized capsules ride on an air cushion driven by linear induction motors and air compressors.[111] The mechanism for releasing the concept was an alpha-design document that, in addition to scoping out the technology, outlined a notional route where such a transport system might be built: between the Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area.[112]
After earlier envisioning Hyperloop, Musk assigned a dozen engineers from Tesla and SpaceX who worked for nine months, establishing the conceptual foundations and creating the designs for the transportation system.[113][114] An early design for the system was then published in a whitepaper posted to the Tesla and SpaceX blogs.[115][116][117] Musk's proposal, if technologically feasible at the costs he has cited, would make Hyperloop travel cheaper than any other mode of transport for such long distances. The alpha design was proposed to use a partial vacuum to reduce aerodynamic drag, which it is theorized would allow for high-speed travel with relatively low power, with certain other features like air-bearing skis and an inlet compressor to reduce air drag. The alpha design document estimated the total cost of an LA-to-SF Hyperloop system at US$6 billion, but this amount is speculative.[118]
In June 2015, Musk announced a design competition for students and others to build Hyperloop pods to operate on a SpaceX-sponsored mile-long track in a 2015–2017 Hyperloop pod competition. The track was used in January 2017, and Musk also started building a tunnel.[119]
Hyperloop One, a company unaffiliated with Musk, had announced that it had done its first successful test run on its DevLoop track in Nevada on July 13, 2017. It was on May 12, 2017 at 12:02 A.M and had lasted 5.3 seconds, reaching a top speed of 70 mph.[120]
On July 25, 2017, Elon Musk announced that he had gotten approval from the Department of Transportation to build a hyperloop from New York City to Washington D.C stopping in both Philadelphia and Baltimore.[121]
OpenAI
Main article: OpenAI
In December 2015, Elon Musk announced the creation of OpenAI, a not-for-profit artificial intelligence (AI) research company. OpenAI aims to develop artificial general intelligence in a way that is safe and beneficial to humanity.[122]
By making AI available to everyone, OpenAI wants to "counteract large corporations who may gain too much power by owning super-intelligence systems devoted to profits, as well as governments which may use AI to gain power and even oppress their citizenry".[123]
Neuralink
Main article: Neuralink
In 2016, Musk co-founded Neuralink, a neurotechnology startup company, to integrate the human brain with artificial intelligence. The company, which is still in the earliest stages of existence, is centered on creating devices that can be implanted in the human brain, with the eventual purpose of helping human beings merge with software and keep pace with advancements in artificial intelligence. These enhancements could improve memory or allow for more direct interfacing with computing devices.[124]
The Boring Company
Main article: The Boring Company
On December 17, 2016, while stuck in traffic, Musk tweeted "Am going to build a tunnel boring machine and just start digging..." The company was named 'The Boring Company'.[125] On January 21, 2017, Musk tweeted "Exciting progress on the tunnel front. Plan to start digging in a month or so."[126] The first tunnel will start on the SpaceX campus,[127] and will probably go to a nearby parking garage. As of January 26, 2017, discussions with regulatory bodies have begun,[128] but no requests for permits to dig in the Los Angeles area have yet been filed with the California Department of Transportation.[129]
In February 2017, the company began digging a 30-foot-wide, 50-foot-long, and 15-foot-deep "test trench" on the premises of Space X's offices in Los Angeles, since the construction requires no permits.[130][131]
Subsidies
Musk has stated that he does not believe the U.S. government should provide subsidies to companies but should instead use a carbon tax to price in the negative externality of air pollution and discourage "bad behavior." Musk argues that the free market would achieve the "best solution," and that producing environmentally unfriendly vehicles should come with its own consequences.[132]
Musk's statements have been widely criticized, with Stanford University Professor Fred Turner noting that "if you're an entrepreneur like Elon Musk, you will take the money where you can get it, but at the same time believe as a matter of faith that it's entrepreneurship and technology that are the sources of social change, not the state. It is not quite self-delusion, but there is a habit of thinking of oneself as a free-standing, independent agent, and of not acknowledging the subsidies that one received. And this goes on all the time in Silicon Valley."[133] Author Michael Shellenberger argued that "in the case of Musk, it is hard not to read that as a kind of defensiveness. And I think there is a business reason for it. They are dealing with a lot of investors for whom subsidies are not the basis for a long-term viable business, and they often want to exaggerate the speed with which they are going to be able to become independent." Shellenberger continues, "we would all be better off if these entrepreneurs were a bit more grateful, a bit more humble." While journalist and author Jim Motavalli, who interviewed Musk for High Voltage, his 2011 book about the electric vehicle industry, speculated that "Elon is now looking at it from the point of view of a winner, and he doesn't want to see other people win because they get government money – I do think there is a tendency of people, once they have succeeded, to want to pull the ladder up after them."[134]
In 2015, Musk's statements were subject to further scrutiny when an LA Times article claimed that SpaceX, Tesla, SolarCity and buyers of their products had or were projected to receive together an estimated US$4.9 billion in government subsidies over twenty years. One example given is New York state, which is spending $750 million to build a solar panel factory in Buffalo which will be leased to SolarCity for $1 a year. The deal also includes no property taxes for a decade, an estimated $260 million valuation. Musk employs a former U.S. State Department official as the chief negotiator for Tesla.[135]
Political positions




Musk speaking alongside Irish Taoiseach (Prime Minister) Enda Kenny


Politically, Musk has described himself as "half Democrat, half Republican." In his own words: "I'm somewhere in the middle, socially liberal and fiscally conservative."[136] In 2016, Musk became a member of two of then President-elect Donald Trump's presidential advisory committees (the Strategic and Policy Forum[137][138][139][140] and Manufacturing Jobs Initiative)[141] but resigned from both in 2017, in protest at Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement on climate change.[142][143]
Musk has described himself as "nauseatingly pro-American." According to Musk, the United States is "[inarguably] the greatest country that has ever existed on Earth," describing it as "the greatest force for good of any country that's ever been." Musk believes outright that there "would not be democracy in the world if not for the United States," arguing there were "three separate occasions in the 20th-century where democracy would have fallen with World War I, World War II and the Cold War, if not for the United States." Musk also stated that he thinks "it would be a mistake to say the United States is perfect, it certainly is not. There have been many foolish things the United States has done and bad things the United States has done."[144]
Prompted by the emergence of self-driving cars and Artificial Intelligence, Musk has voiced support for a Universal Basic Income.[145]
Prior to the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Musk criticized candidate Trump by saying: "I feel a bit stronger that he is probably not the right guy. He doesn't seem to have the sort of character that reflects well on the United States."[146] Following Donald Trump's inauguration, Musk expressed approval of Trump's choice of Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State and accepted an invitation to appear on a panel advising President Trump. Regarding his cooperation with Trump, Musk has subsequently commented: "The more voices of reason that the President hears, the better."[147]
Lobbying
In an interview with the Washington Post, Musk stated he was a "significant (though not top-tier) donor to Democrats, but that he also gives heavily to Republicans." Musk further stated, "in order to have your voice be heard in Washington, you have to make some little contribution."[148][149]
A recent report from the Sunlight Foundation (a nonpartisan group that tracks government spending), found that "SpaceX has spent over US$4 million on lobbying Congress since it was established in 2002 and doled out more than US$800,000 in political contributions" to Democrats and Republicans. The same report noted that "SpaceX's campaign to win political support has been systematic and sophisticated", and that "unlike most tech-startups, SpaceX has maintained a significant lobbying presence in Washington almost since day 1". The report further noted that "Musk himself has donated roughly US$725,000 to various campaigns since 2002. In 2004, he contributed US$2,000 to President George W. Bush's reelection campaign, maxing out (over US$100,000)[150] to Obama's reelection campaign and donated US$5,000 to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who represents Florida, a state critical to the space industry. (...) All told, Musk and SpaceX gave out roughly US$250,000 in the 2012 election cycle."[148][151] Additionally, SpaceX hired former Republican Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott to represent the company, via the Washington-based lobbying group Patton Boggs LLP. Alongside Patton Boggs LLP, SpaceX uses several other outside lobbying firms, who work alongside SpaceX's own lobbyists.[152]
Musk had been a supporter of the U.S. political action committee (PAC) FWD.us, which was started by fellow high-profile entrepreneur Mark Zuckerberg and advocates for immigration reform. However, in May 2013, Musk publicly withdrew his support in protest of advertisements the PAC was running that supported causes like the Keystone Pipeline. Musk and other members, including David O. Sacks, pulled out, criticizing the strategy as "cynical".[153] Musk further stated, "we shouldn't give in to the politics. If we give in to that, we'll get the political system we deserve."[154]
In December 2013, Sean Becker of the media/political website Mic called Musk a "complete hypocrite", stating that "[for] the 2014 election cycle, Musk has contributed to the Longhorn PAC and the National Republican Congressional Committee — both of which have funded the campaigns of anti-science, anti-environment candidates such as Rep. Michelle Bachman (R-Minn.)."[154] Musk has directly contributed to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who has been accused of holding similar positions regarding climate change.[151]
Opinions
Destiny and religion
When asked whether he believed "there was some kind of destiny involved" in humanity's transition to a multi-planetary species, rather than "just physics", Musk responded:

Well, I do. Do I think that there's some sort of master intelligence architecting all of this stuff? I think probably not because then you have to say: "Where does the master intelligence come from?" So it sort of begs the question. So I think really you can explain this with the fundamental laws of physics. You know its complex phenomenon from simple elements.[155]

Musk has stated that he does not pray, or worship any being, although previously admitted to praying before an important Falcon 1 launch, asking "any entities that [were] listening" to "bless [the] launch". When asked whether he believed "religion and science could co-exist", Musk replied "probably not".[156]
Extraterrestrial life
Although Musk believes "there is a good chance that there is simple life on other planets", he "questions whether there is other intelligent life in the known universe".[156] Musk later clarified his "hope that there is other intelligent life in the known universe", and stated that it is "probably more likely than not, but that's a complete guess."[157]
Musk has also considered the simulation hypothesis as a potential solution to the Fermi paradox:

The absence of any noticeable life may be an argument in favour of us being in a simulation.... Like when you're playing an adventure game, and you can see the stars in the background, but you can't ever get there. If it's not a simulation, then maybe we're in a lab and there's some advanced alien civilization that's just watching how we develop, out of curiosity, like mould in a petri dish.... If you look at our current technology level, something strange has to happen to civilizations, and I mean strange in a bad way. ... And it could be that there are a whole lot of dead, one-planet civilizations.[158]

Artificial intelligence
Musk has frequently spoken out about the potential dangers of artificial intelligence, declaring it "the most serious threat to the survival of the human race". During an interview at the MIT AeroAstro Centennial Symposium, Musk described AI as "[humanity's] biggest existential threat", further stating, "I'm increasingly inclined to think that there should be some regulatory oversight, maybe at the national and international level, just to make sure that we don't do something very foolish." Musk described the creation of artificial intelligence as "summoning the demon".[159][160]
Despite this, Musk has previously invested in DeepMind, an AI firm, and Vicarious, a company working to improve machine intelligence. In January 2015, he donated $10 million to the Future of Life Institute, an organization focused on challenges posed by advanced technologies.[161] He is the co-chairman of OpenAI, a nonprofit artificial intelligence research company.[162]
Musk has said that his investments are, "not from the standpoint of actually trying to make any investment return... I like to just keep an eye on what's going on with artificial intelligence". Musk continued, "There have been movies about this, you know, like Terminator – there are some scary outcomes. And we should try to make sure the outcomes are good, not bad."[163]
In June 2016, he was asked whether he thinks humans live in a computer simulation, to which he answered "probably". Elaborated as follows:

The strongest argument for us probably being in a simulation I think is the following: 40 years ago we had Pong – two rectangles and a dot. That's where we were. Now 40 years later we have photorealistic, 3D simulations with millions of people playing simultaneously and it's getting better every year. And soon we'll have virtual reality, we'll have augmented reality. If you assume any rate of improvement at all, then the games will become indistinguishable from reality, just indistinguishable.[164]

Personal life
Musk owned a McLaren F1 supercar, which he crashed while it was uninsured.[165] He also previously owned an Aero L-39, a Czech-made jet trainer aircraft .[166]
The 1994 model Dassault Falcon 900 aircraft used in the 2005 film Thank You for Smoking is registered to Musk (N900SX),[167] and Musk had a cameo as the pilot of his plane, opening the door for Robert Duvall and escorting Aaron Eckhart aboard. Musk owns Wet Nellie, the Lotus Esprit from the James Bond film The Spy Who Loved Me. He plans to convert it into the functional car-submarine from the film.[168]
Musk attended the Burning Man festival in 2004 and has said he first thought up the idea for SolarCity at the festival.[108]
Tosca Musk, Elon's sister, is a filmmaker. She is the founder of Musk Entertainment and has produced various movies.[169]
Musk stated that he wants to die on Mars, just not on impact.[170]
Philanthropy
Musk is chairman of the Musk Foundation, which focuses its philanthropic efforts on providing solar-power energy systems in disaster areas. In 2010, the Musk Foundation collaborated with SolarCity to donate a 25-kW solar power system to the South Bay Community Alliance's (SBCA) hurricane response center in Coden, Alabama.[171] In July 2011, the Musk Foundation donated US$250,000 towards a solar power project in Sōma, Japan, a city that had been recently devastated by tsunami.[172]
In July 2014, Musk was asked by cartoonist Matthew Inman and William Terbo, the grandnephew of Nikola Tesla, to donate US$8 million toward the construction of the Tesla Science Center at Wardenclyffe.[173] Ultimately, Musk agreed to donate US$1 million toward the project and additionally pledged to build a Tesla Supercharger in the museum car park.[174]
Musk donated US$10 million to the Future of Life Institute in January 2015, to run a global research program aimed at keeping artificial intelligence beneficial to humanity.[175][161][176]
As of 2015, Musk is a trustee of the X Prize Foundation[177] and a signatory of The Giving Pledge.[178]
Family
Musk met his first wife, Canadian author Justine Wilson, while both were students at Ontario's Queen's University. They married in 2000 and separated in 2008.[179]
Their first son, Nevada Alexander Musk, died of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) at the age of ten weeks.[180] They later had five sons through in vitro fertilization – twins in 2004, followed by triplets in 2006 – all of whom they share custody.[181]
In 2008, Musk began dating English actress Talulah Riley, and in 2010, the couple married. In January 2012, Musk announced that he had ended his four-year relationship with Riley,[33][182] tweeting to Riley, "It was an amazing four years. I will love you forever. You will make someone very happy one day."[183] In July 2013, Musk and Riley remarried. In December 2014, Musk filed for a second divorce from Riley, however, the action was withdrawn.[7] It was announced in March 2016 that divorce proceedings were again under way, this time with Riley filing for divorce from Musk.[184] The divorce was finalized in late 2016.[185]
Zolpidem usage
In an apparent self-admission of mixing Zolpidem and alcohol, Musk tweeted in June 2017 "A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!".[186] Health authorities advise to not take Zolpidem together with alcohol, which can be a highly addictive combination and increase the risk of experiencing dangerous side-effects.[187] Musk gained media attention for advocating a dangerous drug combination publicly on his social media.[188][189]
Patents


Title
Application number
Grant number
Application date
Grant date
Original assignee


Funnel shaped charge inlet[190]
13/549185
8579635
2012-07-13
2013-11-12
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle charge inlet[191]
29/427056
D724031
2012-07-13
2015-03-10
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle[192]
29/412833
D683268
2012-02-08
2013-05-28
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle door[193]
29/412841
D678154
2012-02-08
2013-03-19
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Awards and recognition

In 2006, Musk served as a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences Aeronautics and Space Engineering Board.[194]
R&D Magazine Innovator of the Year for 2007 for SpaceX, Tesla, and SolarCity.[195]
Inc Magazine Entrepreneur of the Year award for 2007 for his work on Tesla and SpaceX.[196]
2007 Index Design award for his design of the Tesla Roadster.[197] Global Green 2006 product design award for his design of the Tesla Roadster, presented by Mikhail Gorbachev.[198]
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics George Low award for the most outstanding contribution in the field of space transportation in 2007/2008. Musk was recognized for his design of the Falcon 1, the first privately developed liquid-fuel rocket to reach orbit.[199]
National Wildlife Federation 2008 National Conservation Achievement award for Tesla and SolarCity. Other 2008 recipients include journalist Thomas Friedman, U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT), and Florida Governor Charlie Crist.[200]
The Aviation Week 2008 Laureate for the most significant achievement worldwide in the space industry.[201]
National Space Society's Von Braun Trophy in 2008/2009, given for leadership of the most significant achievement in space. Prior recipients include Burt Rutan and Steve Squyres.[202]
Automotive Executive of the Year (worldwide) in 2010 for demonstrating technology leadership and innovation via Tesla. Prior awardees include Bill Ford Jr, Bob Lutz, Dieter Zetsche and Lee Iacocca. Musk is the youngest ever recipient of this award.[203]
Listed as one of Time's 100 people who most affected the world in 2010.[204]
The world governing body for aerospace records, Fédération Aéronautique Internationale, presented Musk in 2010 with the highest award in air and space, the FAI Gold Space Medal, for designing the first privately developed rocket to reach orbit. Prior recipients include Neil Armstrong, Burt Rutan of Scaled Composites and John Glenn.[205]
Named as one of the 75 most influential people of the 21st century by Esquire magazine.[78]
Recognized as a Living Legend of Aviation in 2010 by the Kitty Hawk Foundation for creating the successor to the Space Shuttle (Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft). Other recipients include Buzz Aldrin and Richard Branson.[206]
In 2010, Musk was elected to the board of trustees of the California Institute of Technology,[207] however no longer holds the position.[208]
In a 2010 Space Foundation survey, he was ranked as the No. 10 (tied with rocketry pioneer and scientist Wernher von Braun) most popular space hero.[209]
In February 2011, Forbes listed Musk as one of "America's 20 Most Powerful CEOs 40 And Under".[210]
In June 2011, Musk was awarded the US$250,000 Heinlein Prize for Advances in Space Commercialization[211]
In 2011, Musk was honored as a Legendary Leader at the Churchill Club Awards.[212]
In 2012, Musk was awarded the Royal Aeronautical Society's highest award: a Gold Medal.[213]
Musk was the 2012 recipient of Smithsonian magazine's American Ingenuity Award in the Technology category.
In 2013, Musk was named the Fortune Businessperson of the year for SpaceX, SolarCity, and Tesla.[214]
In 2015, he was awarded IEEE Honorary Membership.[215]
As of 2015, Musk serves on the board of advisors of Social Concepts, Inc.[216]
In 2016, The Drive, a division of Time, named Musk the most influential person in the car business and as the second most influential person in the automotive tech sector.[217]
In June 2016, Business Insider named Musk one of the "Top 10 Business Visionaries Creating Value for the World" along with Mark Zuckerberg and Sal Khan.[218]
In December 2016, Musk was ranked 21st on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[23]
In March 2017, Musk was listed by UK-based company Richtopia at number 3 in the list of 200 Most Influential Philanthropists and Social Entrepreneurs.[219][220]

Honorary doctorates

Honorary doctorate in Design from the Art Center College of Design[221]
Honorary doctorate (DUniv) in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Surrey[222]
Honorary doctorate of Engineering and Technology from Yale University[223]

In popular media
In the 2005 film Thank You for Smoking, Musk had a cameo as the pilot of his own plane, opening the door for the Captain (Robert Duvall) and escorting Nick Naylor (Aaron Eckhart) aboard. In Iron Man 2 (2010), he met Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) in a restaurant, and had some brief lines regarding an "idea for an electric jet". In 2014, he was satirized in the South Park episode "Handicar". He later made a guest appearance in three more episodes of South Park in 2016, this time voicing himself in the episodes "Members Only", "Not Funny", and "The End of Serialization as We Know It." In January 2015, he made a guest appearance playing himself on The Simpsons in an episode titled "The Musk Who Fell to Earth"; the episode poked fun at many of the inventor's ideas.[224]
In November 2015, Musk appeared in an episode of The Big Bang Theory, playing himself, volunteering at a soup kitchen with Howard.[225] In 2016 Musk was referenced by Dr. Martin Stein on The CW time-travel TV show DC's Legends of Tomorrow. During a time travel to the past, Stein meets his younger self and introduced himself as Elon Musk, to disguise his own identity.[226] Following the same TV universe on The CW, in the DC Superhero series The Flash, one of the characters[who?] quoted that he wished he'd be like Elon Musk on alternate universes.[citation needed]
Musk was also featured in the 2015 environmental documentary Racing Extinction, in which a custom Tesla Model S was designed to help project images of critically endangered species onto public buildings, including the Empire State Building and the Vatican.[227]
In 2016 Musk appeared as himself in the romantic comedy film Why Him? where he was briefly met by one of the main characters, Ned Flemming played by Bryan Cranston, in a bar at a party.[228]
References


^ "Billionaire Tesla CEO Elon Musk Buys Neighbor's Home in Bel Air For Million". Forbes. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ "Inside Elon Musk's M Bel Air Mansion". Bloomberg News. Retrieved August 21, 2013. 
^ Hull, Dana (April 11, 2014). "Timeline: Elon Musk's accomplishments". Retrieved June 11, 2015 – via Mercury News. 
^ Zanerhaft, Jaron (2013). "Elon Musk: Patriarchs and Prodigies". CSQ. C-Suite Quarterly. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ "The World's Billionaires List". Forbes. Retrieved July 25, 2017. 
^ "Actor Talulah Riley files to divorce billionaire Elon Musk, again". The Guardian. March 21, 2016. Retrieved April 20, 2016. The pair first married in 2010 and divorced in 2012. They remarried 18 months later. 
^ a b "Elon Musk withdraws Talulah Riley divorce papers after being spotted at Allen & Company conference". Mail Online. August 5, 2015. 
^ Curtis, Sophie (November 10, 2014). "Elon Musk 'to launch fleet of internet satellites'". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved June 23, 2015. Elon Musk, inventor and business magnate 
^ Vance, Ashlee (September 13, 2012). "Elon Musk, the 21st Century Industrialist". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved June 23, 2015. 
^ "Early Career Engineers, Conferences and Careers". asme.org. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Bellis, Mary. "Biography of Elon Musk". inventors.about.com. About.com. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ "The Top 10 Venture Capitalists on 2014's Midas List". Forbes. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Albergotti, Reed (March 21, 2014). "Zuckerberg, Musk Invest in Artificial Intelligence Company". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Love, Dylan (March 21, 2014). "Elon Musk And Mark Zuckerberg Have Invested Million in a Mysterious Artificial Intelligence Company". Business Insider. Business Insider. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ [11][12][13][14]
^ Shanklin, Emily (27 March 2017). "Elon Musk". SpaceX. Retrieved 17 June 2017. 
^ Martin LaMonica (September 21, 2009). "Tesla Motors founders: Now there are five". CNET. 
^ "A Brief history of Tesla". Tech Crunch. January 4, 2013. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Tesla was founded not by Elon Musk, but rather by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning in July 2003. The two bootstrapped the fledgling auto company until Elon Musk led the company's  million Series A financing round in February 2004, when Musk became the company's Chairman of the Board. 
^ Hardy, Quentin; Bilton, Nick (March 16, 2014). "Start-Ups Aim to Conquer Space Market". The New York Times. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Space Exploration Technologies, or Space X, started by the Tesla founder Elon Musk 
^ "Trust Your Own Focus Group of One". Entrepreneur.com. April 11, 2014. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Elon Musk, founder of PayPal, Tesla and SpaceX 
^ [17][18][19][20]
^ "Elon Musk". Forbes.com. Retrieved 21 March 2017. 
^ a b "The World's Most Powerful People". Forbes. December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Youtube Video - Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity". 
^ Why Invest In Making Life Multi-Planetary? Elon Musk. December 13, 2011. Retrieved February 21, 2016 – via YouTube. 
^ Ross Andersen (September 30, 2014). "Elon Musk puts his case for a multi-planet civilisation". Aeon. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ Jonathan Charlton. "Elon Musk 'Toying' with Designs for Electric Jet". Aviation.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk on dodging a nervous breakdown (2013). YouTube. March 16, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk (South African entrepreneur)". Britannica Online Encyclopedia. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ a b His Biography author Ashlee Vance interviewed on the TV show Triangulation on the TWiT.tv network, discussion of his family starts around the 15th minute
^ Friend, Tad (2009). "Plugged In". The New Yorker. 85 (23–30): 53. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ Masia, Seth (May 2011). "A Family Leads to the Installer Universe". Solar Today. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ a b Elliott, Hannah (March 3, 2012). "At Home With Elon Musk: The (Soon-to-Be) Bachelor Billionaire". Forbes. Retrieved August 12, 2013. 
^ [30][31][32][33]
^ a b Hall, Dana (April 11, 2014). "Rocket Man: The otherworldly ambitions of Elon Musk". San Jose Mercury News. Retrieved April 14, 2014. 
^ Hannah Elliott. "At Home With Elon Musk: The (Soon-to-Be) Bachelor Billionaire". Forbes. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ "Tweet". February 5, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g Vance, Ashlee (2015). Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future. ISBN 978-0062301239. 
^ a b Pierre Haski (May 28, 2015). "Elon Musk (Tesla, SpaceX): génie ou prédateur de la Silicon Valley?" (in French). rue89.nouvelobs.com. 
^ a b "Play the PC game Elon Musk wrote as a pre-teen". 
^ a b Belfiore, Michael (2007). "Chapter 7: Orbit on a Shoestring". Rocketeers. Harper Collins. pp. 166–95. ISBN 978-0-06-114902-3. 
^ "Blastar for HTML5". blastar-1984.appspot.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ a b "37 Interesting Facts about Elon Musk, One of the Most Innovative Entrepreneurs of Our Time". BoomsBeat.com. February 14, 2014. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Davis, Johnny (August 4, 2007). "One more giant leap". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ Diggelen, Alison van (February 7, 2013). "Iron Man, Growing up in South Africa". Fresh Dialogues. Retrieved November 1, 2013. I actually filled out the forms for her and got her a Canadian passport, and me too. Within three weeks of getting my Canadian passport, I was in Canada. 
^ Robin Keats (2013). "Rocket man". Queen's University. Archived from the original on May 4, 2015. 
^ Inspirations with Elon Musk. OnInnovation. Retrieved June 24, 2010. 
^ Junod, Tom (November 15, 2012). "Triumph of His Will". Esquire. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ Clark, Steve (September 27, 2014). "SpaceX chief: Commercial launch sites necessary step to Mars". Brownsville Herald. Retrieved September 30, 2014. 
^ a b Friedman, Josh (April 22, 2003), "Entrepreneur Tries His Midas Touch in Space", Los Angeles Times 
^ a b c "Elon Musk Biography". Advameg. August 23, 2005. 
^ a b Kidder, David; Hoffman, Reid (2013). The Startup Playbook: Secrets of the Fastest Growing Start-Ups from the founding Entrepreneurs. San Francisco, CA: Chronicle Books. pp. 2224–228. ISBN 978-1452105048. 
^ Junnarkar, Sandeep (February 16, 1999). "Compaq buys Zip2". CNET. 
^ Jackson, Erik (2004). The PayPal Wars. Los Angeles, CA: World Ahead Publishing. pp. 40, 69, 130, 163. 
^ Musk, Elon (October 8, 2003). Success Through Viral Marketing: PayPal. Entrepreneurial Thought Leaders Lecture. 
^ "The PayPal Mafia". Fortune. Retrieved July 4, 2015. 
^ "SEC 10-K" (PDF). eBay. December 31, 2002. 
^ "SEC 10-K". Paypal. December 31, 2001. 
^ McKnight, John Carter (September 25, 2001). "Elon Musk, Life to Mars Foundation". Mars Now, a weekly column. Space Frontier Foundation. 
^ Musk, Elon. "Risky Business". IEEE Spectrum. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
^ a b Vance, Ashlee (May 14, 2015). "Elon Musk's space dream almost killed Tesla". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved June 7, 2015. 
^ "How Steve Jurvetson Saved Elon Musk". Business Insider. September 14, 2012. 
^ SpaceX and Daring to Think Big – Steve Jurvetson. YouTube. January 28, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk (September 8, 2006). "SpaceX wins NASA competition to replace Space Shuttle". SpaceX. 
^ Wayne, Leslie (February 5, 2006). "A Bold Plan to Go Where Men Have Gone Before". The New York Times. Retrieved February 16, 2015. 
^ California Business Search (C2414622 - Space Exploration Technologies Corp) 
^ SpaceX 
^ Harwood, William (May 31, 2012). "SpaceX Dragon returns to Earth, ends historic trip". CBS News. Retrieved August 3, 2013. 
^ COTS 2006 Demo Competition. NASA (accessed August 26, 2014); and announcement "Commercial Orbital Transportation Services Demonstrations". January 18, 2006 (accessed August 26, 2014)
^ "NASA Awards Space Station Commercial Resupply Services Contracts". nasa.gov. NASA. 23 December 2008. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "Boeing And SpaceX Win Billion In NASA Contracts". NPR.org. National Public Radio. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "SpaceX rocket in historic upright landing". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ O'Kane, Sean (2016-05-27). "SpaceX successfully lands a Falcon 9 rocket at sea for the third time". The Verge. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "Is SpaceX Changing the Rocket Equation?". airspacemag.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Clark, Stephen. "100th Merlin 1D engine flies on Falcon 9 rocket – Spaceflight Now". Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "SpaceX completes 100th Merlin 1D Engine". SpaceX. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Carroll, Roy (July 17, 2013). "Elon Musk's mission to Mars". The Guardian. London, UK. Retrieved July 23, 2013. 
^ a b "75 most influential people: Elon Musk". Esquire. October 1, 2008. 
^ "Space Exploration Technologies Corporation Press Release". SpaceX. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ "Elon Musk: I'll Put a Man on Mars in 10 Years". Market Watch. New York. April 22, 2011. Archived from the original on December 1, 2011. Retrieved December 1, 2011. 
^ Elon Musk speaks at the Hyperloop Pod Award Ceremony (2016.1.30). January 31, 2016. Retrieved February 21, 2016 – via YouTube. 
^ "SpaceX Will Launch Private Mars Missions as Soon as 2018". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ Davenport, Christian (2016-06-13). "Elon Musk provides new details on his ‘mind blowing’ mission to Mars". Washington Post. Retrieved 2016-06-14. 
^ Chang, Kenneth (27 September 2016). "Elon Musk’s Plan: Get Humans to Mars, and Beyond". New York Times. Retrieved 27 September 2016. 
^ Lambert, Fred (November 16, 2016). "Elon Musk’s stake in SpaceX is actually worth more than his Tesla shares". Electrek. Retrieved November 17, 2016. 
^ Burns, Matt (October 8, 2014). "A Brief History of Tesla". TechCrunch. TechCrunch.com. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Nordqvist, Joseph (February 12, 2014). "Tesla Motors Inc.—Company Information". Market Business News. Archived from the original on February 12, 2014. Retrieved April 16, 2014. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 2, 2006). "The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan (just between you and me) No. 124". Tesla Motors. Archived from the original on August 2, 2010. Retrieved October 3, 2010. [self-published source]
^ Musk, Elon. "CEO Elon Musk". Tesla Motors. Retrieved October 20, 2010. 
^ Morrison, Chris (October 15, 2008). "Musk steps in as CEO". The New York Times. 
^ Graham Ruddick. "Tesla's Model X electric car spreads falcon wings at US launch". the Guardian. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Tesla Model X: Not a model launch". Fortune. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Model X". Tesla Motors. October 29, 2012. 
^ Joann Muller (June 1, 2013). "What Do Toyota And Mercedes See in Tesla? A Bit of Themselves". Forbes.com. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 2, 2006). "The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan (just between you and me)". Tesla Motors. 
^ Hamilton, Tyler (October 12, 2009). "Tesla CEO following in Henry Ford's tracks". Toronto Star. Archived from the original on October 17, 2009. 
^ Del Ray, Jason (May 29, 2013), Musk: You'll Be Able to Drive Your Tesla Cross-Country by Year's End With Supercharger Expansion, All Things D 
^ Claudia Assis; Jeremy C. Owens. "Elon Musk exercises Tesla options, pays million tax bill with own cash". MarketWatch. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ Chris Ziegler (January 29, 2016). "Elon Musk bought million more worth of Tesla this week". The Verge. Vox Media. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ "Tesla's Elon Musk worked for free last year". Fortune. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Durisin, Megan (August 10, 2013). "Musk get US$4.3 million of stock options for Model X work". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ "All Our Patent Are Belong To You". Tesla Motors. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Dana Hull (2016-02-19). "Musk Gets Tesla.com Domain Name After Waiting a Decade". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 2016-03-22. 
^ "Management Team". SolarCity. 
^ Kanellos, Michael (February 15, 2008). "Newsmaker: Elon Musk on rockets, sports cars, and solar power". CNET. 
^ "2013 Top 250 Solar Contractors". Solar Power World. September 13, 2013. 
^ The unveiling of the Tesla Motors Electric Car. Autoblog. Retrieved July 26, 2006. 
^ a b Diggelen, Alison van. "Tesla and SolarCity Collaborate on Clean Energy Storage". KQED. Retrieved June 25, 2012. 
^ Aaron Smith (June 17, 2014). "Elon Musk's sunny plans for Buffalo". CNNMoney. 
^ "Tesla Makes Offer to Acquire SolarCity". www.teslamotors.com. Retrieved 2016-06-22. 
^ "Beyond the hype of Hyperloop: An analysis of Elon Musk's proposed transit system". Gizmag.com. August 22, 2013. Retrieved August 23, 2013. 
^ Ashlee Vance. "Revealed: Elon Musk Explains the Hyperloop, the Solar-Powered High-Speed Future of Inter-City Transportation". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved April 27, 2016. 
^ "Hyperloop Update: Elon Musk Will Start Developing It Himself". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2016-03-22. 
^ "Musk announces plans to build Hyperloop demonstrator". gizmag.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 12, 2013). "Hyperloop Alpha" (PDF). SpaceX. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 12, 2013). "Hyperloop". Tesla. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ "Hyperloop Designed for Quick, Convenient Commute". ABC News. March 9, 2013. Retrieved August 15, 2013. 
^ "Hyperloop". SpaceX. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ Mazza, Sandy (January 29, 2017). "Hyperloop competition brings new mass-transit technology to life in Hawthorne". Daily Bulletin. 
^ Hawkins, Andrew J. (2017-07-14). "Talking to Hyperloop One about its big ‘Kitty Hawk’ moment — and what comes next". The Verge. Retrieved 2017-07-14. 
^ "Elon Musk Says He Has 'Verbal' OK To Build N.Y.-D.C. Hyperloop". NPR.org. Retrieved 2017-07-25. 
^ Markoff, John (December 11, 2015). "Artificial-Intelligence Research Center Is Founded by Silicon Valley Investors". The New York Times. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ Levy, Steven (December 11, 2015). "How Elon Musk and Y Combinator Plan to Stop Computers From Taking Over". Medium/Backchannel. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk launches Neuralink, a venture to merge the human brain with AI". The Verge. 2017-03-27. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Golson, Jordan (2017-01-25). "Elon Musk: "Without tunnels, we will all be in traffic hell forever"". The Verge. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ "Elon Musk Will Begin Digging His "Boring Company" Tunnel in About A Month". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ Parnell, Brid-Aine. "Elon Musk Teases Traffic-Busting Tunneling Firm 'The Boring Co.'". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ Solon, Olivia (January 26, 2017). "Elon Musk to dig tunnel to ease traffic in LA, but he doesn't yet have permission" – via The Guardian. 
^ Mazza, Sandy. "Elon Musk wants to start digging a traffic-relieving tunnel in Hawthorne ‘in a month or so’". Los Angeles Daily Times. Retrieved 2017-01-28. 
^ Chafkin, Max (16 February 2017). "Elon Musk Is Really Boring". Bloomberg. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ Heathman, Amelia. "Elon Musk's boring machine has already built a 'test trench' in LA". WIRED UK. Retrieved 2017-02-19. 
^ Werber, Cassie. "Elon Musk says tax-free carbon is "the dumbest experiment in history"". Quartz. Retrieved 30 August 2016. 
^ "Taxpayer Subsidies Helped Tesla Motors, So Why Does Elon Musk Slam Them?". Mother Jones. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Harkinson, Josh (September 2013). "Taxpayer Subsidies Helped Tesla Motors, So Why Does Elon Musk Slam Them?". Mother Jones. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Hirsch, Jerry (May 30, 2015). "Elon Musk's growing empire is fuelled by  billion in government subsidies". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved June 2, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk: The Way Of The Future". YouTube. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Team, The Transition (December 14, 2016). "President-Elect Trump Announces Additional Members of President’s Strategic and Policy Forum". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Elon Musk and the chief executive of Uber are now advising Donald Trump". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Donald Trump Adds Elon Musk, Travis Kalanick, and Indra Nooyi to His Team of Advisers". December 14, 2016. Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ OConnell, Justin (December 23, 2016). "Elon Musk, Appointed to Trump's Team of Advisories, Thinks Bitcoin Is a "Good Thing" - CryptoCoinsNews". CryptoCoinsNews. Retrieved April 16, 2017. 
^ "Elon Musk just got more involved with Trump's administration". businessinsider.com. Retrieved January 29, 2017. 
^ "US quits Paris climate pact: Reaction from around the world following the US president's decision on the Paris accord". Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ "Elon Musk anouncing departing presidential councils on Twitter". Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ Wattenberg, Ben. "Elon Musk and the frontier of Technology". Think Tank. PBS.org. Retrieved June 12, 2015. 
^ Strange, Adario (2016-11-05). "Elon Musk thinks universal income is answer to automation taking human jobs". mashable.com. Retrieved 2017-02-06. 
^ "Elon Musk on Trump presidency: 'I don't think he's the right guy'". businessinsider.in. Retrieved March 21, 2017. 
^ Lee, Dave (2017-01-26). "Elon Musk: I'm Trump's voice of reason". BBC News. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ a b "Elon Musk, SpaceX Founder, Battles Entrenched Rivals Over NASA Contracts". The Huffington Post. February 20, 2013. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ "Obama and Congress at odds over Elon Musk". fightforvotes.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Timothy P. Carney, "Carney: Green stimulus profiteer comes under IRS scrutiny", WashingtonExaminer.com, October 14, 2012.
^ a b "SpaceX blasts off literally and politically". Sunlight Foundation. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Salant, Jonathan D. (September 27, 2013). "Billionaires Battle as Bezos-Musk Companies Vie for Launch Pad". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg Business. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ Steven Kovach, "Elon Musk Says He Quit Mark Zuckerberg's PAC Because It Was Too Cynical", BusinessInsider.com, May 31, 2013.
^ a b Becker, Sean (December 11, 2013). "Elon Musk Donated to Anti-Science Republicans". Mic. Policy.Mic. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ "Going to Mars with Elon Musk". OnInnovation.com. June 2008. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ a b "Elon Musk and Rainn Wilson discuss colonizing Mars, global warming, and the fear of failure". The Verge. March 19, 2013. Retrieved June 12, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk, CEO and CTO, Space Exploration Technologies Corp (SpaceX), Peter Diamandis, CEO, X Prize Foundation and John Doerr, Venture Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers". YouTube. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Anderson, Ross (September 30, 2014). "The Elon Musk Interview on Mars Colonization". Aeon. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Gibbs, Samuel (October 27, 2014). "Elon Musk: artificial intelligence is our biggest existential threat". The Guardian. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking think we should ban killer robots". Washington Post. July 28, 2015. Archived from the original on March 8, 2016. Retrieved January 5, 2017. 
^ a b Kosoff, Maya (January 15, 2015). "Elon Musk Is Donating Million To Keep Killer Robots From Taking Over The World". Business Insider. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ Muoio, Danielle (December 11, 2015). "Elon Musk just announced a new artificial intelligence research company". Tech Insider. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Hern, Alex (June 18, 2014). "Elon Musk says he invested in DeepMind over 'Terminator' fears". Retrieved June 10, 2015 – via The Guardian. 
^ "We are living in a computer simulation, Elon Musk says". The Independent. 2016-06-02. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ Matt Hardigree. "Elon Musk Explains How He Wrecked An Uninsured Million McLaren F1". Jalopnik. 
^ Wayne, Leslie (February 5, 2006). "A Bold Plan to Go Where Men Have Gone Before". The New York Times. 
^ FlightAware. "Aircraft Registration N900SK". Retrieved June 25, 2012. 
^ Chris Woodyard,"Tesla's Elon Musk buys 007's sub to make it real", USAToday.com, October 18, 2013; accessed November 13, 2013.
^ "Tosca Musk profile at". Musk entertainment. 
^ Achenbach, Joel. "Elon Musk Wants to Go to Mars" National Geographic November 2016. p. 41.
^ "Elon Musk and SolarCity Donate Solar Power Project to Coastal Response Center in Alabama". Enhanced Online News. Business Wire. 
^ "Elon Musk Donates Solar Power Project to Soma City in Fukushima Prefecture, Japan". BusinessWire.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
^ "What it's like to own a Tesla Model S – Part 2 – The Oatmeal". theoatmeal.com. 
^ Greg Kumparak. "Elon Musk Donates Million to the Oatmeal's Nikola Tesla Museum". TechCrunch. AOL. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk donates M to keep AI beneficial, Future of Life Institute, 2015, retrieved January 20, 2015 
^ "Elon Musk Donates M To Make Sure AI Doesn't Go The Way of Skynet". Mashable. 2015. Retrieved June 21, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk". XPRIZE. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Kroll, Luisa (April 19, 2012). "The Giving Pledge Signs on 12 More Wealthy Americans Including Tesla's Elon Musk And Home Depot's Arthur Blank". Forbes. 
^ Durand Streisand, Elizabeth. "A Look at Elon Musk's Rocky Romantic History". Yahoo. Retrieved 29 May 2017. 
^ Junod, Justine (November 14, 2012). "Elon Musk: Triumph of His Will". Esquire. Retrieved November 28, 2012. 
^ Elliott, Hannah. "Elon Musk – In Photos: Forbes Life Elon Musk". Forbes. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Lai, Jennifer (January 19, 2012). "Elon Musk Divorce: Announces Split From Talulah Riley On Twitter". The Huffington Post. Retrieved July 23, 2013. 
^ "Elon Musk Divorce: Announces Split From Talulah Riley On Twitter", The Huffington Post, January 19, 2012.
^ "Billionaire Elon Musk's wife files for divorce", Mashable.com, March 21, 2016.
^ Kimble, Lindsay (November 18, 2016). "lon Musk and Talulah Riley Are Divorced for a Second Time". People. Retrieved April 24, 2017. 
^ Musk, Elon (2017-06-06). "A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!". twitter. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Australian Government. "Zolpidem ("Stilnox") – updated information – February 2008". www.tga.gov.au. Archived from the original on 2007-08-12. Retrieved 2009-06-22. 
^ Matyszczyk, Chris (2017-06-07). "Elon Musk's strange, strange Ambien tweet". CNET. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Tan, Yvette (2017-06-07). "Elon Musk's weird Ambien tweets are back". Mashable. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; Ferguson, Joshua Willard; Zalan, Daryl; Van Dyke, Christopher Hugo (November 12, 2013), United States Patent: 8579635 - Funnel shaped charge inlet, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; Ferguson, Joshua Willard; Zalan, Daryl; Van Dyke, Christopher Hugo (March 10, 2015), United States Patent: D724031 - Vehicle charge inlet, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; von Holzhausen, Franz; Lee, Bernard; Imai, David Tadashi (May 28, 2013), United States Patent: D683268 - Vehicle, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; von Holzhausen, Franz; Lee, Bernard (March 19, 2013), United States Patent: D678154 - Vehicle door, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Priorities in Space Science Enabled by Nuclear Power And Propulsion. The National Academies Press. 2006. ISBN 9780309180108. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Rocket Man". R&D. September 4, 2007. Retrieved April 20, 2016. 
^ Chafkin, Max (December 1, 2007). "Entrepreneur of the Year, 2007: Elon Musk". inc.com. 
^ "Tesla Roadster". Index. 2007. Archived from the original on January 18, 2012. 
^ "Tesla Motors team". Tesla Motors. 
^ "SpaceX successfully launches Falcon 1 to orbit". Space Exploration Technologies Corp. 2008. 
^ "Connie Awards". National Wildlife Federation. 2008. Archived from the original on June 29, 2009. 
^ Michels, Jennifer (March 4, 2009). "Aviation Week Reveals Laureate Award Winners". Aviation Week. 
^ "Space Community Gathers at National Space Society's ISDC 2009" (Press release). National Space Society. June 17, 2009. 
^ "Automotive Executive of the Year". DNV Certification. 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Favreau, Jon (April 29, 2010). "The 2010 Time 100". Time. 
^ "Barron Hilton and Elon Musk honoured with the highest FAI awards". Fédération Aéronautique Internationale. December 16, 2010. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ "Living Legend of Aviation Awards". Kittie Hawk Air Academy. 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Caltech Elects Two Innovators to Board of Trustees". 
^ "Trustee List". The California Institute of Technology. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ "Space Foundation Survey Reveals Broad Range of Space Heroes". 
^ Smith, Jacquelyn (February 14, 2011). "America's 20 Most Powerful CEOs 40 And Under". Forbes. Retrieved February 18, 2011. To make this list, you had to be the chief executive of one of the 20 biggest publicly traded companies in the U.S. (as of Feb. 11, by market capitalization) with a CEO aged 40 or under. 
^ Dula, Art (June 16, 2011). "Heinlein Prize Honors Elon Musk of SpaceX". The Heinlein Prize. 
^ "2011 Churchill Club Awards". 
^ "2012 RAeS Gold Medal". 
^ Jonathan Welsh (November 21, 2013). "Tesla's Elon Musk is Fortune Businessperson of the Year". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "IEEE Honorary Membership Recipients" (PDF). IEEE. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ "Social Concepts, Inc: We connect people ™". socialconcepts.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk Named Most Influential Person In The Car Business Teslarati, Retrieved 11 May 2016.
^ "The top 10 business visionaries creating value for the world". Business Insider. Business Insider Inc. 
^ "Philanthropists & Social Entrepreneurs Top 200: From Elon Musk to Melinda Gates, These Are the Most Influential Do-Gooders in the World". Richtopia. Retrieved 29 March 2017. 
^ "200 most influential philanthropists in the world". Naij. Retrieved 31 March 2017. 
^ "Graduation show, Art Center College of Design". Cumulusassociation.org. November 23, 2010. Retrieved August 15, 2013. 
^ Surrey celebrates its honorary graduates, Surrey celebrates graduation 2015, Surrey Graduate, Surrey Alumni Society (Autumn/Winter 2009)[dead link]
^ SEAS Celebrates Class of 2015, Honors Innovators Elon Musk and Dean Kamen, 314th commencement (Spring 2015)
^ "Elon Musk SpaceX Tesla on the Simpsons – Business Insider". Business Insider. January 27, 2015. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ "Tesla CEO Elon Musk To Appear On Upcoming Episode Of The Big Bang Theory - CBS.com". CBS. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ "‘DC’s Legends of Tomorrow’ Power Rankings, Week 2: Burn, Baby, Burn – Observer". Observer. January 29, 2016. Retrieved February 7, 2016. 
^ Field, Kyle. "Tesla Stars In "Racing Extinction" Documentary". CleanTechnica. Retrieved 11 July 2016. 
^ Bova, Dan. "'Why Him?' Director on Elon Musk's Amazing 'I Can't Come to Work Today' Excuse". entrepreneur.com. Retrieved January 29, 2017. 


Further reading

Vance, Ashlee. Elon Musk: How the Billionaire CEO of SpaceX and Tesla is Shaping our Future. Virgin Books (2015). ISBN 9780753555620. Afterthoughts by Ashlee Vance

External links

Find more aboutElon Muskat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity
Data from Wikidata



Elon Musk on IMDb
SolarCity official website
SpaceX official website
Tesla official website
Paypal official website
Open AI official website

Articles

Gimien, Mark (August 17, 1999). "Fast Track". Salon. 
Statement of Elon Musk at House Space and Aeronautics Subcommittee Hearings on the Future Market for Commercial Space (2005)
History of PayPal, gawker.com (2007)
Bailey, Brandon (2010). "Elon Musk: Will his Silicon Valley story have a Hollywood ending?". San Jose Mercury News. 
"Science Fiction Books That Inspired Elon Musk", MediaBistro.com, March 19, 2013.
"Elon Musk’s Space Dream Almost Killed Tesla" (Bloomberg, 2015)

Interviews

Appearances on C-SPAN
"An interview with Elon Musk". HobbySpace. August 5, 2003. 
"Lift off with Elon Musk". Carte Blanche. September 4, 2005. Archived from the original on September 28, 2007. 
Bergin, Chris (January 20, 2006). "SpaceX's Musk and Thompson Q and A". nasaspaceflight.com. 
Video interview of Elon Musk by Zadi Diaz of EPIC FU, June 17, 2008. Retrieved April 27, 2014
Gray, Sadie (January 4, 2009). "Forget the bungalow, retire to Mars". Sunday Times. London, UK. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
Musk profile onInnovation.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014
An interview at the Founders Showcase, August 5, 2010
Elon Musk: 'I'm planning to retire to Mars', video interview for The Guardian, August 1, 2010
60 Minutes interview; March 18, 2012.
A 20 minute interview about sending humans to Mars with BBC's Jonathan Amos, March 20, 2012
Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity, ted.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014
Musk, Elon (January 6, 2015). "I am Elon Musk, CEO/CTO of a rocket company, AMA!". Reddit.com. Retrieved January 7, 2015. 
Elon Musk Powers Up: Inside Tesla's Billion Gigafactory Fast Company (magazine), November 2015
Elon Musk Profiled, Bloomberg Risk Takers (45min) - same video on YouTube
Elon Musk: The future we're building — and boring, ted.com. Retrieved May 7, 2017



Biography portal
Business and economics portal
Cars portal
Ecology portal
Space portal
United States portal








v
t
e


Elon Musk



Companies



Zip2 (1995–1999)
PayPal (1999–2002)
SpaceX (2002–present)
Tesla Motors (2004–present)
SolarCity (2006–present)
OpenAI (2015–present)
The Boring Company (2016–present)
Neuralink (2017–present)





Other endeavors



Hyperloop
Wet Nellie





Family



Maye Musk (mother)
Justine Musk (first wife)
Talulah Riley (second and third wife)
Kimbal Musk (brother)
Tosca Musk (sister)
Lyndon Rive (cousin, CEO of SolarCity)









 Category
 WikiQuote
 Commons













v
t
e


Tesla, Inc.



People



Elon Musk (CEO, Chief Product Architect)
JB Straubel (CTO)
Franz von Holzhausen (Chief Designer)
Martin Eberhard (co-founder, inaugural CEO)








Products




Sedans



Model S
Model 3





Crossovers/SUVs



Model X





Sports cars



Roadster (discontinued)





Others



Powerwall
Autopilot








Collaborations



Mercedes A-Class E-Cell
Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive
Smart electric drive
RAV4 EV Second generation





Facilities



Tesla Factory
Gigafactory 1
Gigafactory Europe
Superchargers and battery-swapping stations
SolarCity Gigafactory





Other



History

Timeline


Dealership disputes
SolarCity









 Category
 Commons













v
t
e


PayPal Mafia



Individuals



Peter Thiel
Reid Hoffman
Max Levchin
Ken Howery
Luke Nosek
Elon Musk
Steve Chen
Keith Rabois
Chad Hurley
Roelof Botha
Jawed Karim
Yishan Wong
Eric M. Jackson
David O. Sacks
Premal Shah
Russel Simmons
Jeremy Stoppelman





Companies founded
or co-founded



PayPal
LinkedIn
YouTube
Slide.com
Yelp
Geni.com
Yammer
SpaceX
Tesla, Inc.
Palantir Technologies
Kiva.org





Investments



Friendster
Facebook
Powerset
Vator
Six Apart
Zynga
IronPort
Flickr
Digg
Grockit
Ooma
Quantcast
RapLeaf
SmartDrive Systems
TransferWise
Ping.fm
Nanosolar
Knewton
Kongregate
Last.fm
TokBox
Xoom
Joost





Funds



Founders Fund
Clarium Capital
Greylock Partners
Sequoia Capital





Other



The PayPal Wars
Thank You for Smoking
The Stanford Review












v
t
e


SpaceX



Vehicles





Rockets






Current




Falcon 9

Full Thrust








In development




Falcon 9 Block 5
Falcon Heavy
ITS launch vehicle






Retired




Falcon 1
Falcon 9

v1.0
v1.1








Cancelled




Falcon 1e
Falcon 5
Falcon 9 Air









Test vehicles




Grasshopper (retired)
F9R Dev1† (destroyed)
DragonFly






Spacecraft




Dragon
Dragon 2
Interplanetary Spaceship
ITS tanker






Reusable hardware




Recovered boosters

B1019


Reused boosters

B1021
B1029


Reused capsules

C106













Engines



Merlin (1A, 1B, 1C, 1D, Vacuum)
Kestrel
Draco
SuperDraco
Raptor
Methalox thruster





Missions





Falcon 1




Demo 1† (FalconSAT-2)
Demo 2† (DemoSat)
Flight 3†

Trailblazer
PRESat
NanoSail-D
Explorers


Ratsat
RazakSAT






Falcon 9






Demonstration flights




Dragon Spacecraft Qualification Unit
NASA COTS Demo Flight 1
Dragon C2+






Dragon ISS logistics




CRS-1
CRS-2
CRS-3
CRS-4
CRS-5
CRS-6
CRS-7†
CRS-8
CRS-9
CRS-10
CRS-11
CRS-12
CRS-13
CRS-14
CRS-15
CRS-16
CRS-17
CRS-18
CRS-19
CRS-20
(missions contracted up to CRS-26)






Commercial satellites




SES-8
Thaicom 6
Orbcomm OG2 × 6
AsiaSat 8
AsiaSat 6
ABS-3A / Eutelsat 115 West B
TürkmenÄlem 52°E
Orbcomm OG2 × 11
SES-9
JCSAT-14
Thaicom 8
ABS-2A / Eutelsat 117 West B
JCSAT-16
Amos-6†
Iridium NEXT 1–10
EchoStar 23
SES-10
Inmarsat-5 F4
BulgariaSat-1
Iridium NEXT 11–20
Intelsat 35e
SES-11
Iridium NEXT 21–30
Koreasat 5A
Iridium NEXT 31–40
Paz
Bangabandhu-1
Iridium NEXT 41–50
SES-16 / GovSat-1
Hispasat 30W-6






Scientific satellites




CASSIOPE
DSCOVR
Jason-3
FormoSat-5
SAOCOM 1A






Military satellites




NROL-76
X-37B OTV-5









Falcon Heavy




Demo Flight
ArabSat 6A
USAF STP-2

DSX
FormoSat-7
LightSail 2
GPIM
DSAC
ISAT


Moon tourists
ViaSat 3
Red Dragon








Launch sites





Orbital




Cape Canaveral, Florida

CCAFS Launch Complex 40
Kennedy Launch Pad 39A


Vandenberg, California

Launch Complex 4E


Brownsville, Texas

Boca Chica


Kwajalein, Marshall Islands

Omelek Island†








Suborbital




McGregor test site
New Mexico test site†








Landing sites



Autonomous spaceport drone ships
Landing Zone 1, Cape Canaveral
Launch Complex 4W, Vandenberg





Other facilities



Headquarters and factory (Hawthorne, California)
Rocket development and test facility (McGregor, Texas)
Satellite development facility (Redmond, Washington)
Regional offices (Chantilly, Houston, Seattle, Washington DC)





Contracts



Commercial Orbital Transportation Services (COTS)
Commercial Resupply Services (CRS)
Commercial Crew Development (CCDev)
Commercial Crew integrated Capability (CCiCap)





R&D programs



SpaceX reusable launch system development program
Falcon 9 first-stage landing tests
Interplanetary Transport System
Red Dragon
SpaceX satellite constellation





People



Elon Musk (CEO, CTO)
Gwynne Shotwell (President & COO)
Tom Mueller (Vice President of Propulsion Development)






Italics indicate unflown vehicles and future missions or sites. † denotes failed missions, destroyed vehicles and abandoned sites.







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 306339060
LCCN: n2014017754
ISNI: 0000 0004 2658 2862
GND: 1062481119
NDL: 001156447










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Elon_Musk&oldid=792423717"					
Categories: Elon Musk1971 births20th-century American businesspeople20th-century American engineers21st-century American businesspeople21st-century American engineersAlumni of Pretoria Boys High SchoolAmerican aerospace businesspeopleAmerican aerospace designersAmerican aerospace engineersAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican chief executives in the automobile industryAmerican chief executives of energy companiesAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican chief executives of manufacturing companiesAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer programmersAmerican corporate directorsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican founders of automobile manufacturersAmerican inventorsAmerican investorsAmerican libertariansAmerican nonprofit executivesAmerican people of British descentAmerican people of Canadian descentAmerican philanthropistsAmerican software engineersAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersAmerican transhumanistsAmerican transportation businesspeopleAutomotive pioneersBasic income proponentsBusinesspeople from Los AngelesBusinesspeople in softwareCalifornia Institute of Technology trusteesChief technology officersEngineers from CaliforniaGiving PledgersLiving peopleHyperloopPayPal peoplePeople associated with solar powerPeople from PretoriaPeople with acquired Canadian citizenshipPioneers of rail transportRoyal Aeronautical Society Gold Medal winnersSouth African emigrants to the United StatesSouth African people of Canadian descentSouth African people of British descentSouth African people of German descentSpace advocatesSpaceX peopleStanford University peopleSustainable transport pioneersTesla Inc. peopleTranshumanistsWharton School of the University of Pennsylvania alumniWhite South African peoplePeople with acquired American citizenship21st-century inventors20th-century Canadian businesspeople21st-century Canadian businesspeopleSouth African business executivesCanadian aerospace engineersSouth African engineersCanadian billionairesSouth African billionairesCanadian chief executivesSouth African chief executivesCanadian computer businesspeopleCanadian computer programmersSouth African computer programmersCanadian corporate directorsSouth African corporate directorsCanadian inventorsSouth African inventorsCanadian financial company foundersSouth African company foundersCanadian investorsSouth African investorsCanadian libertariansCanadian nonprofit executivesCanadian people of British descentCanadian people of South African descentCanadian philanthropistsSouth African philanthropistsCanadian software engineersCanadian technology chief executivesCanadian technology company foundersCanadian transhumanistsCanadian people of German descentAmerican people of Pennsylvania Dutch descentHidden categories: CS1 French-language sources (fr)Accuracy disputes from May 2015All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2016Wikipedia semi-protected pagesUse American English from November 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from February 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with failed verificationArticles with failed verification from October 2015Wikipedia articles in need of updating from March 2016All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBoarischBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalegoગુજરાતી한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLumbaartMagyarमैथिलीMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीМонголNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayZazakiŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 12:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Elon Musk - Wikipedia




















 







Elon Musk

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 26 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Elon Musk



A headshot of Elon Musk in 2015.



Born
Elon Reeve Musk
(1971-06-28) June 28, 1971 (age 46)
Pretoria, Transvaal (now Gauteng), South Africa


Residence
Bel Air, Los Angeles, California, U.S.[1][2]


Citizenship



South African (1971–present)
Canadian (1989–present)
American (2002–present)





Alma mater
Queen's University
University of Pennsylvania[3][4]


Occupation
Entrepreneur, Engineer, Inventor, and Investor


Known for
SpaceX, PayPal, Tesla Inc., Hyperloop, SolarCity, OpenAI, The Boring Company, Neuralink, Zip2


Net worth
US$16.1 billion (July 2017)[5]


Title
CEO and CTO of SpaceX
CEO and product architect of Tesla, Inc.
CEO of Neuralink
Chairman of SolarCity
Co-chairman of OpenAI


Spouse(s)



Justine Musk (m. 2000; div. 2008)
Talulah Riley (m. 2010–div. 2012; m. 2013–div. 2016)[6][7]





Children
6


Parent(s)
Maye Musk (mother)
Errol Graham Musk (father)


Relatives
Tosca Musk (sister)
Kimbal Musk (brother)
Lyndon Rive (cousin)


Signature





Elon Reeve Musk (/ˈiːlɒn ˈmʌsk/; born June 28, 1971) is a South African-born Canadian-American business magnate, investor,[8][9] engineer,[10] and inventor.[15]
Elon is the founder, CEO, and CTO of SpaceX; a co-founder,[16] a Series A investor, CEO, and product architect of Tesla Inc.; co-chairman of OpenAI; founder and CEO of Neuralink. He was previously co-founder and chairman of SolarCity; co-founder of Zip2; and founder of X.com, which merged with Confinity and took the name PayPal.[21] As of July 2017, he has an estimated net worth of $16.1 billion, making him the 80th-wealthiest person in the world.[22] In December 2016, Musk was ranked 21st on the Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[23]
Musk has stated that the goals of SolarCity, Tesla, and SpaceX revolve around his vision to change the world and humanity.[24] His goals include reducing global warming through sustainable energy production and consumption, and reducing the "risk of human extinction" by "making life multiplanetary"[25][26] by establishing a human colony on Mars.
In addition to his primary business pursuits, he has also envisioned a high-speed transportation system known as the Hyperloop, and has proposed a VTOL supersonic jet aircraft with electric fan propulsion, known as the Musk electric jet.[27][28]
Elon also proposed the concept of The Boring Company in 2017.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 Early childhood
1.2 Education


2 Career

2.1 Zip2
2.2 X.com and PayPal
2.3 SpaceX
2.4 Tesla
2.5 SolarCity
2.6 Hyperloop
2.7 OpenAI
2.8 Neuralink
2.9 The Boring Company


3 Subsidies
4 Political positions

4.1 Lobbying


5 Opinions

5.1 Destiny and religion
5.2 Extraterrestrial life
5.3 Artificial intelligence


6 Personal life

6.1 Philanthropy
6.2 Family
6.3 Zolpidem usage


7 Patents
8 Awards and recognition

8.1 Honorary doctorates


9 In popular media
10 References
11 Further reading
12 External links

12.1 Articles
12.2 Interviews





Early life
Early childhood
Musk was born on June 28, 1971, in Pretoria, Transvaal, South Africa,[29] the son of Maye Musk (née Haldeman), a model and dietician from Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada;[30] and Errol Musk, a South African electromechanical engineer, pilot and sailor. He has a younger brother, Kimbal (born 1972), and a younger sister, Tosca (born 1974).[34] His paternal grandmother was British, and he also has Pennsylvania Dutch ancestry.[35][36] His maternal grandfather was American, from Minnesota.[37] After his parents divorced in 1980, Musk lived mostly with his father in the suburbs of Pretoria.[35]
During his childhood he was an avid reader.[38]
At age 10, he developed an interest in computing with the Commodore VIC-20.[39] He taught himself computer programming at the age of 12, sold the code for a BASIC-based video game he created called Blastar, to a magazine called PC and Office Technology, for approximately $500.[40][41] A web version of the game is available online.[40][42]
Musk was severely bullied throughout his childhood, and was once hospitalized when a group of boys threw him down a flight of stairs and then beat him until he lost consciousness.[38]
Musk was initially educated at private schools, attending the English-speaking Waterkloof House Preparatory School. Musk later graduated from Pretoria Boys High School and moved to Canada in June 1989, just before his 18th birthday,[43] after obtaining Canadian citizenship through his Canadian-born mother.[44][45]`
Education
At the age of 17, Musk was accepted into Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, for undergraduate study. In 1992, after spending two years at Queen's University, Musk transferred to the University of Pennsylvania, where in May 1997 he received a Bachelor of Science degree in physics from its College of Arts and Sciences, and a Bachelor of Science degree in economics from its Wharton School of Business. Musk extended his studies for one year to finish the second bachelor's degree.[38][46] While at the University of Pennsylvania, Musk and fellow Penn student Adeo Ressi rented a 10-bedroom fraternity house, using it as an unofficial nightclub.[38]
In 1995, at age 24, Musk moved to California to begin a PhD in applied physics and materials science at Stanford University, but left the program after two days to pursue his entrepreneurial aspirations in the areas of the Internet, renewable energy and outer space.[41][47] In 2002, he became a U.S. citizen.[48][49]
Career
Zip2
Main article: Zip2
In 1995, Musk and his brother, Kimbal, started Zip2, a web software company, with US$28,000 of their father's money.[38] The company developed and marketed an Internet "city guide" for the newspaper publishing industry.[50] Musk obtained contracts with The New York Times and the Chicago Tribune[51] and persuaded the board of directors to abandon plans for a merger with CitySearch.[52] While at Zip2, Musk wanted to become CEO; however, none of the board members would allow it.[38] Compaq acquired Zip2 for US$307 million in cash and US$34 million in stock options in February 1999.[53] Musk received US$22 million for his 7% share from the sale.[51]
X.com and PayPal
Main article: PayPal
In March 1999, Musk co-founded X.com, an online financial services and e-mail payment company, with US$10 million from the sale of Zip2.[43][50][52] One year later, the company merged with Confinity,[51][54] which had a money transfer service called PayPal. The merged company focused on the PayPal service and was renamed PayPal in 2001. PayPal's early growth was driven mainly by a viral marketing campaign where new customers were recruited when they received money through the service.[55] Musk was ousted in October 2000 from his role as CEO (although he remained on the board) due to disagreements with other company leadership, notably over his desire to move PayPal's Unix-based infrastructure to Microsoft Windows.[56] In October 2002, PayPal was acquired by eBay for US$1.5 billion in stock, of which Musk received US$165 million.[57] Before its sale, Musk, who was the company's largest shareholder, owned 11.7% of PayPal's shares.[58]
SpaceX
Main article: SpaceX
In 2001, Musk conceptualized "Mars Oasis"; a project to land a miniature experimental greenhouse on Mars, containing food crops growing on Martian regolith, in an attempt to regain public interest in space exploration.[59][60] In October 2001, Musk travelled to Moscow with Jim Cantrell (an aerospace supplies fixer), and Adeo Ressi (his best friend from college), to buy refurbished Dnepr Intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) that could send the envisioned payloads into space. The group met with companies such as NPO Lavochkin and Kosmotras; however, according to Cantrell, Musk was seen as a novice and was consequently spat on by one of the Russian chief designers,[61] and the group returned to the United States empty-handed. In February 2002, the group returned to Russia to look for three ICBMs, bringing along Mike Griffin, who had worked for the CIA's venture capital arm, In-Q-Tel; NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory; and was just leaving Orbital Sciences, a maker of satellites and spacecraft. The group met again with Kosmotras, and were offered one rocket for US$8 million, however, this was seen by Musk as too expensive; Musk consequently stormed out of the meeting. On the flight back from Moscow, Musk realized that he could start a company that could build the affordable rockets he needed.[61] According to early Tesla and SpaceX investor Steve Jurvetson,[62] Musk calculated that the raw materials for building a rocket actually were only 3 percent of the sales price of a rocket at the time. It was concluded that theoretically, by applying vertical integration and the modular approach from software engineering, SpaceX could cut launch price by a factor of ten and still enjoy a 70-percent gross margin.[63] Ultimately, Musk ended up founding SpaceX with the long-term goal of creating a "true spacefaring civilization".[64]




Musk and President Barack Obama at the Falcon 9 launch site in 2010


With US$100 million of his early fortune,[65] Musk founded Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, in May 2002.[66] Musk is chief executive officer (CEO) and chief technology officer (CTO) of the Hawthorne, California-based company. SpaceX develops and manufactures space launch vehicles with a focus on advancing the state of rocket technology. The company's first two launch vehicles are the Falcon 1 and Falcon 9 rockets (a nod to Star Wars' Millennium Falcon), and its first spacecraft is the Dragon (a nod to Puff the Magic Dragon).[67] In seven years, SpaceX designed the family of Falcon launch vehicles and the Dragon multipurpose spacecraft. In September 2008, SpaceX's Falcon 1 rocket became the first privately funded liquid-fueled vehicle to put a satellite into Earth orbit.[38] On May 25, 2012, the SpaceX Dragon vehicle berthed with the ISS, making history as the first commercial company to launch and berth a vehicle to the International Space Station.[68]
In 2006, SpaceX was awarded a contract from NASA to continue the development and test of the SpaceX Falcon 9 launch vehicle and Dragon spacecraft in order to transport cargo to the International Space Station,[69][not in citation given] followed by a US$1.6 billion NASA Commercial Resupply Services program contract on December 23, 2008, for 12 flights of its Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station, replacing the US Space Shuttle after it retired in 2011.[70] Astronaut transport to the ISS is currently handled solely by the Soyuz, but SpaceX is one of two companies awarded a contract by NASA as part of the Commercial Crew Development program, which is intended to develop a US astronaut transport capability by 2018.[71] On 22 December 2015, SpaceX successfully landed the first stage of its Falcon rocket back at the launch pad. This was the first time in history such a feat had been achieved by an orbital rocket and is a significant step towards rocket reusability lowering the costs of access to space.[72] This first stage recovery was replicated several times in 2016 by landing on an Autonomous spaceport drone ship, an ocean based recovery platform.[73]
SpaceX is both the largest private producer of rocket engines in the world, and holder of the record for highest thrust-to-weight ratio for a rocket engine.[74] SpaceX has produced more than 100 operational Merlin 1D engines, currently the world's most powerful engine for its weight.[75] The relatively immense power to weight ratio allows each Merlin 1D engine to vertically lift the weight of 40 average family cars. In combination, the 9 Merlin engines in the Falcon 9 first stage produces anywhere from 5.8 to 6.7 MN (1.3 to 1.5 million pounds) of thrust, depending on altitude.[76]
Musk was influenced by Isaac Asimov's Foundation series[77] and views space exploration as an important step in preserving and expanding the consciousness of human life.[78] Musk said that multiplanetary life may serve as a hedge against threats to the survival of the human species.

An asteroid or a super volcano could destroy us, and we face risks the dinosaurs never saw: an engineered virus, inadvertent creation of a micro black hole, catastrophic global warming or some as-yet-unknown technology could spell the end of us. Humankind evolved over millions of years, but in the last sixty years atomic weaponry created the potential to extinguish ourselves. Sooner or later, we must expand life beyond this green and blue ball—or go extinct.

Musk's goal is to reduce the cost of human spaceflight by a factor of 10.[79] In a 2011 interview, he said he hopes to send humans to Mars' surface within 10–20 years.[80] In Ashlee Vance's biography, Musk stated that he wants to establish a Mars colony by 2040, with a population of 80,000.[39] Musk stated that, since Mars' atmosphere lacks oxygen, all transportation would have to be electric (electric cars, electric trains, Hyperloop, electric aircraft).[81] Space X intends to launch a Dragon spacecraft on a Falcon Heavy in 2018 to soft-land on Mars - this is intended to be the first of a regular cargo mission supply-run to Mars building up to later crewed flights.[82] Musk stated in June 2016 that the first unmanned flight of the larger Mars Colonial Transporter (MCT) spacecraft is aimed for departure to the red planet in 2022, to be followed by the first manned MCT Mars flight departing in 2024.[83] In September 2016, Musk revealed details of his plan to explore and colonize Mars.[84] By 2016, Musk's private trust holds 54% of SpaceX stock, equivalent to 78% of voting shares.[85]
Tesla
Main article: Tesla, Inc.
Tesla, Inc. (originally Tesla Motors) was incorporated in July 2003 by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning, who financed the company until the Series A round of funding.[86]
Both men played active roles in the company's early development prior to Elon Musk's involvement.[87] Musk led the Series A round of investment in February 2004, joining Tesla's board of directors as its chairman.[88] Musk took an active role within the company and oversaw Roadster product design at a detailed level, but was not deeply involved in day-to-day business operations.[89]
Following the financial crisis in 2008,[90] Musk assumed leadership of the company as CEO and product architect, positions he still holds today. Tesla Motors first built an electric sports car, the Tesla Roadster in 2008, with sales of about 2,500 vehicles to 31 countries. Tesla began delivery of its four-door Model S sedan on June 22, 2012. It unveiled its third product, the Model X, aimed at the SUV/minivan market, on February 9, 2012; the Model X launch was however delayed until September 2015.[91][92][93] In addition to its own cars, Tesla sells electric powertrain systems to Daimler for the Smart EV, Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive and Mercedes A Class and to Toyota for the RAV4 EV. Musk was able to bring in both companies as long-term investors in Tesla.[94]







Musk observing an assembly demo at the reopening of the NUMMI plant, now known as the Tesla Factory (Fremont, California) in 2010









Musk standing in front of a Tesla Model S in 2011









Musk and Senator Dianne Feinstein next to a Tesla Model S (2010)




Musk has favored building a sub-US$30,000 compact Tesla model and building and selling electric vehicle powertrain components so that other automakers can produce electric vehicles at affordable prices without having to develop the products in-house; this led to the Model 3 that is planned to have a base price of US$35,000.[95] Several mainstream publications have compared him with Henry Ford for his work on advanced vehicle powertrains.[96]
In a May 2013 interview with All Things Digital, Musk said that to overcome the range limitations of electric cars, Tesla is "dramatically accelerating" its network of supercharger stations, tripling the number on the East and West coasts of the U.S. that June, with plans for more expansion across North America, including Canada, throughout the year.[97] As of January 29, 2016, Musk owns about 28.9 million Tesla shares, which equates to about 22% of the company.[98][99]
As of 2014, Musk's annual salary is one dollar, similar to Steve Jobs and other CEOs, the remainder of his compensation is in the form of stock and performance-based bonuses.[100][101]
In 2014, Musk announced that Tesla would allow its technology patents to be used by anyone in good faith in a bid to entice automobile manufacturers to speed up development of electric cars. "The unfortunate reality is electric car programs (or programs for any vehicle that doesn't burn hydrocarbons) at the major manufacturers are small to non-existent, constituting an average of far less than 1% of their total vehicle sales", Musk said.[102]
In February 2016, Musk announced that he had acquired the Tesla.com domain name from Stu Grossman, who had owned it since 1992 and changed Tesla's homepage to that domain.[103]
SolarCity
Main article: SolarCity
Musk provided the initial concept and financial capital for SolarCity, which was then co-founded in 2006 by his cousins Lyndon and Peter Rive.[104][105] SolarCity is now the second largest provider of solar power systems in the United States.[106]
The underlying motivation for funding both SolarCity and Tesla is to help combat global warming.[107] In 2012, Musk announced that SolarCity and Tesla are collaborating to use electric vehicle batteries to smooth the impact of rooftop solar on the power grid, with the program going live in 2013.[108]
On June 17, 2014, Musk committed to building in Buffalo, New York, a SolarCity advanced production facility that would triple the size of the largest solar plant in the United States. Musk stated the plant will be "one of the single largest solar panel production plants in the world", and it will be followed by one or more even bigger facilities in subsequent years.[109][needs update]
In June 2016, Musk's car company, Tesla, formally submitted an offer to acquire SolarCity.[110]
Hyperloop
Main articles: Hyperloop and Hyperloop pod competition
On August 12, 2013, Musk unveiled a concept for a high-speed transportation system incorporating reduced-pressure tubes in which pressurized capsules ride on an air cushion driven by linear induction motors and air compressors.[111] The mechanism for releasing the concept was an alpha-design document that, in addition to scoping out the technology, outlined a notional route where such a transport system might be built: between the Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area.[112]
After earlier envisioning Hyperloop, Musk assigned a dozen engineers from Tesla and SpaceX who worked for nine months, establishing the conceptual foundations and creating the designs for the transportation system.[113][114] An early design for the system was then published in a whitepaper posted to the Tesla and SpaceX blogs.[115][116][117] Musk's proposal, if technologically feasible at the costs he has cited, would make Hyperloop travel cheaper than any other mode of transport for such long distances. The alpha design was proposed to use a partial vacuum to reduce aerodynamic drag, which it is theorized would allow for high-speed travel with relatively low power, with certain other features like air-bearing skis and an inlet compressor to reduce air drag. The alpha design document estimated the total cost of an LA-to-SF Hyperloop system at US$6 billion, but this amount is speculative.[118]
In June 2015, Musk announced a design competition for students and others to build Hyperloop pods to operate on a SpaceX-sponsored mile-long track in a 2015–2017 Hyperloop pod competition. The track was used in January 2017, and Musk also started building a tunnel.[119]
Hyperloop One, a company unaffiliated with Musk, had announced that it had done its first successful test run on its DevLoop track in Nevada on July 13, 2017. It was on May 12, 2017 at 12:02 A.M and had lasted 5.3 seconds, reaching a top speed of 70 mph.[120]
On July 25, 2017, Elon Musk announced that he had gotten approval from the Department of Transportation to build a hyperloop from New York City to Washington D.C stopping in both Philadelphia and Baltimore.[121]
OpenAI
Main article: OpenAI
In December 2015, Elon Musk announced the creation of OpenAI, a not-for-profit artificial intelligence (AI) research company. OpenAI aims to develop artificial general intelligence in a way that is safe and beneficial to humanity.[122]
By making AI available to everyone, OpenAI wants to "counteract large corporations who may gain too much power by owning super-intelligence systems devoted to profits, as well as governments which may use AI to gain power and even oppress their citizenry".[123]
Neuralink
Main article: Neuralink
In 2016, Musk co-founded Neuralink, a neurotechnology startup company, to integrate the human brain with artificial intelligence. The company, which is still in the earliest stages of existence, is centered on creating devices that can be implanted in the human brain, with the eventual purpose of helping human beings merge with software and keep pace with advancements in artificial intelligence. These enhancements could improve memory or allow for more direct interfacing with computing devices.[124]
The Boring Company
Main article: The Boring Company
On December 17, 2016, while stuck in traffic, Musk tweeted "Am going to build a tunnel boring machine and just start digging..." The company was named 'The Boring Company'.[125] On January 21, 2017, Musk tweeted "Exciting progress on the tunnel front. Plan to start digging in a month or so."[126] The first tunnel will start on the SpaceX campus,[127] and will probably go to a nearby parking garage. As of January 26, 2017, discussions with regulatory bodies have begun,[128] but no requests for permits to dig in the Los Angeles area have yet been filed with the California Department of Transportation.[129]
In February 2017, the company began digging a 30-foot-wide, 50-foot-long, and 15-foot-deep "test trench" on the premises of Space X's offices in Los Angeles, since the construction requires no permits.[130][131]
Subsidies
Musk has stated that he does not believe the U.S. government should provide subsidies to companies but should instead use a carbon tax to price in the negative externality of air pollution and discourage "bad behavior." Musk argues that the free market would achieve the "best solution," and that producing environmentally unfriendly vehicles should come with its own consequences.[132]
Musk's statements have been widely criticized, with Stanford University Professor Fred Turner noting that "if you're an entrepreneur like Elon Musk, you will take the money where you can get it, but at the same time believe as a matter of faith that it's entrepreneurship and technology that are the sources of social change, not the state. It is not quite self-delusion, but there is a habit of thinking of oneself as a free-standing, independent agent, and of not acknowledging the subsidies that one received. And this goes on all the time in Silicon Valley."[133] Author Michael Shellenberger argued that "in the case of Musk, it is hard not to read that as a kind of defensiveness. And I think there is a business reason for it. They are dealing with a lot of investors for whom subsidies are not the basis for a long-term viable business, and they often want to exaggerate the speed with which they are going to be able to become independent." Shellenberger continues, "we would all be better off if these entrepreneurs were a bit more grateful, a bit more humble." While journalist and author Jim Motavalli, who interviewed Musk for High Voltage, his 2011 book about the electric vehicle industry, speculated that "Elon is now looking at it from the point of view of a winner, and he doesn't want to see other people win because they get government money – I do think there is a tendency of people, once they have succeeded, to want to pull the ladder up after them."[134]
In 2015, Musk's statements were subject to further scrutiny when an LA Times article claimed that SpaceX, Tesla, SolarCity and buyers of their products had or were projected to receive together an estimated US$4.9 billion in government subsidies over twenty years. One example given is New York state, which is spending $750 million to build a solar panel factory in Buffalo which will be leased to SolarCity for $1 a year. The deal also includes no property taxes for a decade, an estimated $260 million valuation. Musk employs a former U.S. State Department official as the chief negotiator for Tesla.[135]
Political positions




Musk speaking alongside Irish Taoiseach (Prime Minister) Enda Kenny


Politically, Musk has described himself as "half Democrat, half Republican." In his own words: "I'm somewhere in the middle, socially liberal and fiscally conservative."[136] In 2016, Musk became a member of two of then President-elect Donald Trump's presidential advisory committees (the Strategic and Policy Forum[137][138][139][140] and Manufacturing Jobs Initiative)[141] but resigned from both in 2017, in protest at Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement on climate change.[142][143]
Musk has described himself as "nauseatingly pro-American." According to Musk, the United States is "[inarguably] the greatest country that has ever existed on Earth," describing it as "the greatest force for good of any country that's ever been." Musk believes outright that there "would not be democracy in the world if not for the United States," arguing there were "three separate occasions in the 20th-century where democracy would have fallen with World War I, World War II and the Cold War, if not for the United States." Musk also stated that he thinks "it would be a mistake to say the United States is perfect, it certainly is not. There have been many foolish things the United States has done and bad things the United States has done."[144]
Prompted by the emergence of self-driving cars and Artificial Intelligence, Musk has voiced support for a Universal Basic Income.[145]
Prior to the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Musk criticized candidate Trump by saying: "I feel a bit stronger that he is probably not the right guy. He doesn't seem to have the sort of character that reflects well on the United States."[146] Following Donald Trump's inauguration, Musk expressed approval of Trump's choice of Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State and accepted an invitation to appear on a panel advising President Trump. Regarding his cooperation with Trump, Musk has subsequently commented: "The more voices of reason that the President hears, the better."[147]
Lobbying
In an interview with the Washington Post, Musk stated he was a "significant (though not top-tier) donor to Democrats, but that he also gives heavily to Republicans." Musk further stated, "in order to have your voice be heard in Washington, you have to make some little contribution."[148][149]
A recent report from the Sunlight Foundation (a nonpartisan group that tracks government spending), found that "SpaceX has spent over US$4 million on lobbying Congress since it was established in 2002 and doled out more than US$800,000 in political contributions" to Democrats and Republicans. The same report noted that "SpaceX's campaign to win political support has been systematic and sophisticated", and that "unlike most tech-startups, SpaceX has maintained a significant lobbying presence in Washington almost since day 1". The report further noted that "Musk himself has donated roughly US$725,000 to various campaigns since 2002. In 2004, he contributed US$2,000 to President George W. Bush's reelection campaign, maxing out (over US$100,000)[150] to Obama's reelection campaign and donated US$5,000 to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who represents Florida, a state critical to the space industry. (...) All told, Musk and SpaceX gave out roughly US$250,000 in the 2012 election cycle."[148][151] Additionally, SpaceX hired former Republican Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott to represent the company, via the Washington-based lobbying group Patton Boggs LLP. Alongside Patton Boggs LLP, SpaceX uses several other outside lobbying firms, who work alongside SpaceX's own lobbyists.[152]
Musk had been a supporter of the U.S. political action committee (PAC) FWD.us, which was started by fellow high-profile entrepreneur Mark Zuckerberg and advocates for immigration reform. However, in May 2013, Musk publicly withdrew his support in protest of advertisements the PAC was running that supported causes like the Keystone Pipeline. Musk and other members, including David O. Sacks, pulled out, criticizing the strategy as "cynical".[153] Musk further stated, "we shouldn't give in to the politics. If we give in to that, we'll get the political system we deserve."[154]
In December 2013, Sean Becker of the media/political website Mic called Musk a "complete hypocrite", stating that "[for] the 2014 election cycle, Musk has contributed to the Longhorn PAC and the National Republican Congressional Committee — both of which have funded the campaigns of anti-science, anti-environment candidates such as Rep. Michelle Bachman (R-Minn.)."[154] Musk has directly contributed to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who has been accused of holding similar positions regarding climate change.[151]
Opinions
Destiny and religion
When asked whether he believed "there was some kind of destiny involved" in humanity's transition to a multi-planetary species, rather than "just physics", Musk responded:

Well, I do. Do I think that there's some sort of master intelligence architecting all of this stuff? I think probably not because then you have to say: "Where does the master intelligence come from?" So it sort of begs the question. So I think really you can explain this with the fundamental laws of physics. You know its complex phenomenon from simple elements.[155]

Musk has stated that he does not pray, or worship any being, although previously admitted to praying before an important Falcon 1 launch, asking "any entities that [were] listening" to "bless [the] launch". When asked whether he believed "religion and science could co-exist", Musk replied "probably not".[156]
Extraterrestrial life
Although Musk believes "there is a good chance that there is simple life on other planets", he "questions whether there is other intelligent life in the known universe".[156] Musk later clarified his "hope that there is other intelligent life in the known universe", and stated that it is "probably more likely than not, but that's a complete guess."[157]
Musk has also considered the simulation hypothesis as a potential solution to the Fermi paradox:

The absence of any noticeable life may be an argument in favour of us being in a simulation.... Like when you're playing an adventure game, and you can see the stars in the background, but you can't ever get there. If it's not a simulation, then maybe we're in a lab and there's some advanced alien civilization that's just watching how we develop, out of curiosity, like mould in a petri dish.... If you look at our current technology level, something strange has to happen to civilizations, and I mean strange in a bad way. ... And it could be that there are a whole lot of dead, one-planet civilizations.[158]

Artificial intelligence
Musk has frequently spoken out about the potential dangers of artificial intelligence, declaring it "the most serious threat to the survival of the human race". During an interview at the MIT AeroAstro Centennial Symposium, Musk described AI as "[humanity's] biggest existential threat", further stating, "I'm increasingly inclined to think that there should be some regulatory oversight, maybe at the national and international level, just to make sure that we don't do something very foolish." Musk described the creation of artificial intelligence as "summoning the demon".[159][160]
Despite this, Musk has previously invested in DeepMind, an AI firm, and Vicarious, a company working to improve machine intelligence. In January 2015, he donated $10 million to the Future of Life Institute, an organization focused on challenges posed by advanced technologies.[161] He is the co-chairman of OpenAI, a nonprofit artificial intelligence research company.[162]
Musk has said that his investments are, "not from the standpoint of actually trying to make any investment return... I like to just keep an eye on what's going on with artificial intelligence". Musk continued, "There have been movies about this, you know, like Terminator – there are some scary outcomes. And we should try to make sure the outcomes are good, not bad."[163]
In June 2016, he was asked whether he thinks humans live in a computer simulation, to which he answered "probably". Elaborated as follows:

The strongest argument for us probably being in a simulation I think is the following: 40 years ago we had Pong – two rectangles and a dot. That's where we were. Now 40 years later we have photorealistic, 3D simulations with millions of people playing simultaneously and it's getting better every year. And soon we'll have virtual reality, we'll have augmented reality. If you assume any rate of improvement at all, then the games will become indistinguishable from reality, just indistinguishable.[164]

Personal life
Musk owned a McLaren F1 supercar, which he crashed while it was uninsured.[165] He also previously owned an Aero L-39, a Czech-made jet trainer aircraft .[166]
The 1994 model Dassault Falcon 900 aircraft used in the 2005 film Thank You for Smoking is registered to Musk (N900SX),[167] and Musk had a cameo as the pilot of his plane, opening the door for Robert Duvall and escorting Aaron Eckhart aboard. Musk owns Wet Nellie, the Lotus Esprit from the James Bond film The Spy Who Loved Me. He plans to convert it into the functional car-submarine from the film.[168]
Musk attended the Burning Man festival in 2004 and has said he first thought up the idea for SolarCity at the festival.[108]
Tosca Musk, Elon's sister, is a filmmaker. She is the founder of Musk Entertainment and has produced various movies.[169]
Musk stated that he wants to die on Mars, just not on impact.[170]
Philanthropy
Musk is chairman of the Musk Foundation, which focuses its philanthropic efforts on providing solar-power energy systems in disaster areas. In 2010, the Musk Foundation collaborated with SolarCity to donate a 25-kW solar power system to the South Bay Community Alliance's (SBCA) hurricane response center in Coden, Alabama.[171] In July 2011, the Musk Foundation donated US$250,000 towards a solar power project in Sōma, Japan, a city that had been recently devastated by tsunami.[172]
In July 2014, Musk was asked by cartoonist Matthew Inman and William Terbo, the grandnephew of Nikola Tesla, to donate US$8 million toward the construction of the Tesla Science Center at Wardenclyffe.[173] Ultimately, Musk agreed to donate US$1 million toward the project and additionally pledged to build a Tesla Supercharger in the museum car park.[174]
Musk donated US$10 million to the Future of Life Institute in January 2015, to run a global research program aimed at keeping artificial intelligence beneficial to humanity.[175][161][176]
As of 2015, Musk is a trustee of the X Prize Foundation[177] and a signatory of The Giving Pledge.[178]
Family
Musk met his first wife, Canadian author Justine Wilson, while both were students at Ontario's Queen's University. They married in 2000 and separated in 2008.[179]
Their first son, Nevada Alexander Musk, died of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) at the age of ten weeks.[180] They later had five sons through in vitro fertilization – twins in 2004, followed by triplets in 2006 – all of whom they share custody.[181]
In 2008, Musk began dating English actress Talulah Riley, and in 2010, the couple married. In January 2012, Musk announced that he had ended his four-year relationship with Riley,[33][182] tweeting to Riley, "It was an amazing four years. I will love you forever. You will make someone very happy one day."[183] In July 2013, Musk and Riley remarried. In December 2014, Musk filed for a second divorce from Riley, however, the action was withdrawn.[7] It was announced in March 2016 that divorce proceedings were again under way, this time with Riley filing for divorce from Musk.[184] The divorce was finalized in late 2016.[185]
Zolpidem usage
In an apparent self-admission of mixing Zolpidem and alcohol, Musk tweeted in June 2017 "A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!".[186] Health authorities advise to not take Zolpidem together with alcohol, which can be a highly addictive combination and increase the risk of experiencing dangerous side-effects.[187] Musk gained media attention for advocating a dangerous drug combination publicly on his social media.[188][189]
Patents


Title
Application number
Grant number
Application date
Grant date
Original assignee


Funnel shaped charge inlet[190]
13/549185
8579635
2012-07-13
2013-11-12
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle charge inlet[191]
29/427056
D724031
2012-07-13
2015-03-10
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle[192]
29/412833
D683268
2012-02-08
2013-05-28
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle door[193]
29/412841
D678154
2012-02-08
2013-03-19
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Awards and recognition

In 2006, Musk served as a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences Aeronautics and Space Engineering Board.[194]
R&D Magazine Innovator of the Year for 2007 for SpaceX, Tesla, and SolarCity.[195]
Inc Magazine Entrepreneur of the Year award for 2007 for his work on Tesla and SpaceX.[196]
2007 Index Design award for his design of the Tesla Roadster.[197] Global Green 2006 product design award for his design of the Tesla Roadster, presented by Mikhail Gorbachev.[198]
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics George Low award for the most outstanding contribution in the field of space transportation in 2007/2008. Musk was recognized for his design of the Falcon 1, the first privately developed liquid-fuel rocket to reach orbit.[199]
National Wildlife Federation 2008 National Conservation Achievement award for Tesla and SolarCity. Other 2008 recipients include journalist Thomas Friedman, U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT), and Florida Governor Charlie Crist.[200]
The Aviation Week 2008 Laureate for the most significant achievement worldwide in the space industry.[201]
National Space Society's Von Braun Trophy in 2008/2009, given for leadership of the most significant achievement in space. Prior recipients include Burt Rutan and Steve Squyres.[202]
Automotive Executive of the Year (worldwide) in 2010 for demonstrating technology leadership and innovation via Tesla. Prior awardees include Bill Ford Jr, Bob Lutz, Dieter Zetsche and Lee Iacocca. Musk is the youngest ever recipient of this award.[203]
Listed as one of Time's 100 people who most affected the world in 2010.[204]
The world governing body for aerospace records, Fédération Aéronautique Internationale, presented Musk in 2010 with the highest award in air and space, the FAI Gold Space Medal, for designing the first privately developed rocket to reach orbit. Prior recipients include Neil Armstrong, Burt Rutan of Scaled Composites and John Glenn.[205]
Named as one of the 75 most influential people of the 21st century by Esquire magazine.[78]
Recognized as a Living Legend of Aviation in 2010 by the Kitty Hawk Foundation for creating the successor to the Space Shuttle (Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft). Other recipients include Buzz Aldrin and Richard Branson.[206]
In 2010, Musk was elected to the board of trustees of the California Institute of Technology,[207] however no longer holds the position.[208]
In a 2010 Space Foundation survey, he was ranked as the No. 10 (tied with rocketry pioneer and scientist Wernher von Braun) most popular space hero.[209]
In February 2011, Forbes listed Musk as one of "America's 20 Most Powerful CEOs 40 And Under".[210]
In June 2011, Musk was awarded the US$250,000 Heinlein Prize for Advances in Space Commercialization[211]
In 2011, Musk was honored as a Legendary Leader at the Churchill Club Awards.[212]
In 2012, Musk was awarded the Royal Aeronautical Society's highest award: a Gold Medal.[213]
Musk was the 2012 recipient of Smithsonian magazine's American Ingenuity Award in the Technology category.
In 2013, Musk was named the Fortune Businessperson of the year for SpaceX, SolarCity, and Tesla.[214]
In 2015, he was awarded IEEE Honorary Membership.[215]
As of 2015, Musk serves on the board of advisors of Social Concepts, Inc.[216]
In 2016, The Drive, a division of Time, named Musk the most influential person in the car business and as the second most influential person in the automotive tech sector.[217]
In June 2016, Business Insider named Musk one of the "Top 10 Business Visionaries Creating Value for the World" along with Mark Zuckerberg and Sal Khan.[218]
In December 2016, Musk was ranked 21st on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[23]
In March 2017, Musk was listed by UK-based company Richtopia at number 3 in the list of 200 Most Influential Philanthropists and Social Entrepreneurs.[219][220]

Honorary doctorates

Honorary doctorate in Design from the Art Center College of Design[221]
Honorary doctorate (DUniv) in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Surrey[222]
Honorary doctorate of Engineering and Technology from Yale University[223]

In popular media
In the 2005 film Thank You for Smoking, Musk had a cameo as the pilot of his own plane, opening the door for the Captain (Robert Duvall) and escorting Nick Naylor (Aaron Eckhart) aboard. In Iron Man 2 (2010), he met Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) in a restaurant, and had some brief lines regarding an "idea for an electric jet". In 2014, he was satirized in the South Park episode "Handicar". He later made a guest appearance in three more episodes of South Park in 2016, this time voicing himself in the episodes "Members Only", "Not Funny", and "The End of Serialization as We Know It." In January 2015, he made a guest appearance playing himself on The Simpsons in an episode titled "The Musk Who Fell to Earth"; the episode poked fun at many of the inventor's ideas.[224]
In November 2015, Musk appeared in an episode of The Big Bang Theory, playing himself, volunteering at a soup kitchen with Howard.[225] In 2016 Musk was referenced by Dr. Martin Stein on The CW time-travel TV show DC's Legends of Tomorrow. During a time travel to the past, Stein meets his younger self and introduced himself as Elon Musk, to disguise his own identity.[226] Following the same TV universe on The CW, in the DC Superhero series The Flash, one of the characters[who?] quoted that he wished he'd be like Elon Musk on alternate universes.[citation needed]
Musk was also featured in the 2015 environmental documentary Racing Extinction, in which a custom Tesla Model S was designed to help project images of critically endangered species onto public buildings, including the Empire State Building and the Vatican.[227]
In 2016 Musk appeared as himself in the romantic comedy film Why Him? where he was briefly met by one of the main characters, Ned Flemming played by Bryan Cranston, in a bar at a party.[228]
References


^ "Billionaire Tesla CEO Elon Musk Buys Neighbor's Home in Bel Air For Million". Forbes. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ "Inside Elon Musk's M Bel Air Mansion". Bloomberg News. Retrieved August 21, 2013. 
^ Hull, Dana (April 11, 2014). "Timeline: Elon Musk's accomplishments". Retrieved June 11, 2015 – via Mercury News. 
^ Zanerhaft, Jaron (2013). "Elon Musk: Patriarchs and Prodigies". CSQ. C-Suite Quarterly. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ "The World's Billionaires List". Forbes. Retrieved July 25, 2017. 
^ "Actor Talulah Riley files to divorce billionaire Elon Musk, again". The Guardian. March 21, 2016. Retrieved April 20, 2016. The pair first married in 2010 and divorced in 2012. They remarried 18 months later. 
^ a b "Elon Musk withdraws Talulah Riley divorce papers after being spotted at Allen & Company conference". Mail Online. August 5, 2015. 
^ Curtis, Sophie (November 10, 2014). "Elon Musk 'to launch fleet of internet satellites'". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved June 23, 2015. Elon Musk, inventor and business magnate 
^ Vance, Ashlee (September 13, 2012). "Elon Musk, the 21st Century Industrialist". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved June 23, 2015. 
^ "Early Career Engineers, Conferences and Careers". asme.org. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Bellis, Mary. "Biography of Elon Musk". inventors.about.com. About.com. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ "The Top 10 Venture Capitalists on 2014's Midas List". Forbes. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Albergotti, Reed (March 21, 2014). "Zuckerberg, Musk Invest in Artificial Intelligence Company". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Love, Dylan (March 21, 2014). "Elon Musk And Mark Zuckerberg Have Invested Million in a Mysterious Artificial Intelligence Company". Business Insider. Business Insider. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ [11][12][13][14]
^ Shanklin, Emily (27 March 2017). "Elon Musk". SpaceX. Retrieved 17 June 2017. 
^ Martin LaMonica (September 21, 2009). "Tesla Motors founders: Now there are five". CNET. 
^ "A Brief history of Tesla". Tech Crunch. January 4, 2013. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Tesla was founded not by Elon Musk, but rather by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning in July 2003. The two bootstrapped the fledgling auto company until Elon Musk led the company's  million Series A financing round in February 2004, when Musk became the company's Chairman of the Board. 
^ Hardy, Quentin; Bilton, Nick (March 16, 2014). "Start-Ups Aim to Conquer Space Market". The New York Times. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Space Exploration Technologies, or Space X, started by the Tesla founder Elon Musk 
^ "Trust Your Own Focus Group of One". Entrepreneur.com. April 11, 2014. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Elon Musk, founder of PayPal, Tesla and SpaceX 
^ [17][18][19][20]
^ "Elon Musk". Forbes.com. Retrieved 21 March 2017. 
^ a b "The World's Most Powerful People". Forbes. December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Youtube Video - Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity". 
^ Why Invest In Making Life Multi-Planetary? Elon Musk. December 13, 2011. Retrieved February 21, 2016 – via YouTube. 
^ Ross Andersen (September 30, 2014). "Elon Musk puts his case for a multi-planet civilisation". Aeon. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ Jonathan Charlton. "Elon Musk 'Toying' with Designs for Electric Jet". Aviation.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk on dodging a nervous breakdown (2013). YouTube. March 16, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk (South African entrepreneur)". Britannica Online Encyclopedia. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ a b His Biography author Ashlee Vance interviewed on the TV show Triangulation on the TWiT.tv network, discussion of his family starts around the 15th minute
^ Friend, Tad (2009). "Plugged In". The New Yorker. 85 (23–30): 53. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ Masia, Seth (May 2011). "A Family Leads to the Installer Universe". Solar Today. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ a b Elliott, Hannah (March 3, 2012). "At Home With Elon Musk: The (Soon-to-Be) Bachelor Billionaire". Forbes. Retrieved August 12, 2013. 
^ [30][31][32][33]
^ a b Hall, Dana (April 11, 2014). "Rocket Man: The otherworldly ambitions of Elon Musk". San Jose Mercury News. Retrieved April 14, 2014. 
^ Hannah Elliott. "At Home With Elon Musk: The (Soon-to-Be) Bachelor Billionaire". Forbes. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ "Tweet". February 5, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g Vance, Ashlee (2015). Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future. ISBN 978-0062301239. 
^ a b Pierre Haski (May 28, 2015). "Elon Musk (Tesla, SpaceX): génie ou prédateur de la Silicon Valley?" (in French). rue89.nouvelobs.com. 
^ a b "Play the PC game Elon Musk wrote as a pre-teen". 
^ a b Belfiore, Michael (2007). "Chapter 7: Orbit on a Shoestring". Rocketeers. Harper Collins. pp. 166–95. ISBN 978-0-06-114902-3. 
^ "Blastar for HTML5". blastar-1984.appspot.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ a b "37 Interesting Facts about Elon Musk, One of the Most Innovative Entrepreneurs of Our Time". BoomsBeat.com. February 14, 2014. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Davis, Johnny (August 4, 2007). "One more giant leap". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ Diggelen, Alison van (February 7, 2013). "Iron Man, Growing up in South Africa". Fresh Dialogues. Retrieved November 1, 2013. I actually filled out the forms for her and got her a Canadian passport, and me too. Within three weeks of getting my Canadian passport, I was in Canada. 
^ Robin Keats (2013). "Rocket man". Queen's University. Archived from the original on May 4, 2015. 
^ Inspirations with Elon Musk. OnInnovation. Retrieved June 24, 2010. 
^ Junod, Tom (November 15, 2012). "Triumph of His Will". Esquire. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ Clark, Steve (September 27, 2014). "SpaceX chief: Commercial launch sites necessary step to Mars". Brownsville Herald. Retrieved September 30, 2014. 
^ a b Friedman, Josh (April 22, 2003), "Entrepreneur Tries His Midas Touch in Space", Los Angeles Times 
^ a b c "Elon Musk Biography". Advameg. August 23, 2005. 
^ a b Kidder, David; Hoffman, Reid (2013). The Startup Playbook: Secrets of the Fastest Growing Start-Ups from the founding Entrepreneurs. San Francisco, CA: Chronicle Books. pp. 2224–228. ISBN 978-1452105048. 
^ Junnarkar, Sandeep (February 16, 1999). "Compaq buys Zip2". CNET. 
^ Jackson, Erik (2004). The PayPal Wars. Los Angeles, CA: World Ahead Publishing. pp. 40, 69, 130, 163. 
^ Musk, Elon (October 8, 2003). Success Through Viral Marketing: PayPal. Entrepreneurial Thought Leaders Lecture. 
^ "The PayPal Mafia". Fortune. Retrieved July 4, 2015. 
^ "SEC 10-K" (PDF). eBay. December 31, 2002. 
^ "SEC 10-K". Paypal. December 31, 2001. 
^ McKnight, John Carter (September 25, 2001). "Elon Musk, Life to Mars Foundation". Mars Now, a weekly column. Space Frontier Foundation. 
^ Musk, Elon. "Risky Business". IEEE Spectrum. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
^ a b Vance, Ashlee (May 14, 2015). "Elon Musk's space dream almost killed Tesla". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved June 7, 2015. 
^ "How Steve Jurvetson Saved Elon Musk". Business Insider. September 14, 2012. 
^ SpaceX and Daring to Think Big – Steve Jurvetson. YouTube. January 28, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk (September 8, 2006). "SpaceX wins NASA competition to replace Space Shuttle". SpaceX. 
^ Wayne, Leslie (February 5, 2006). "A Bold Plan to Go Where Men Have Gone Before". The New York Times. Retrieved February 16, 2015. 
^ California Business Search (C2414622 - Space Exploration Technologies Corp) 
^ SpaceX 
^ Harwood, William (May 31, 2012). "SpaceX Dragon returns to Earth, ends historic trip". CBS News. Retrieved August 3, 2013. 
^ COTS 2006 Demo Competition. NASA (accessed August 26, 2014); and announcement "Commercial Orbital Transportation Services Demonstrations". January 18, 2006 (accessed August 26, 2014)
^ "NASA Awards Space Station Commercial Resupply Services Contracts". nasa.gov. NASA. 23 December 2008. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "Boeing And SpaceX Win Billion In NASA Contracts". NPR.org. National Public Radio. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "SpaceX rocket in historic upright landing". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ O'Kane, Sean (2016-05-27). "SpaceX successfully lands a Falcon 9 rocket at sea for the third time". The Verge. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "Is SpaceX Changing the Rocket Equation?". airspacemag.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Clark, Stephen. "100th Merlin 1D engine flies on Falcon 9 rocket – Spaceflight Now". Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "SpaceX completes 100th Merlin 1D Engine". SpaceX. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Carroll, Roy (July 17, 2013). "Elon Musk's mission to Mars". The Guardian. London, UK. Retrieved July 23, 2013. 
^ a b "75 most influential people: Elon Musk". Esquire. October 1, 2008. 
^ "Space Exploration Technologies Corporation Press Release". SpaceX. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ "Elon Musk: I'll Put a Man on Mars in 10 Years". Market Watch. New York. April 22, 2011. Archived from the original on December 1, 2011. Retrieved December 1, 2011. 
^ Elon Musk speaks at the Hyperloop Pod Award Ceremony (2016.1.30). January 31, 2016. Retrieved February 21, 2016 – via YouTube. 
^ "SpaceX Will Launch Private Mars Missions as Soon as 2018". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ Davenport, Christian (2016-06-13). "Elon Musk provides new details on his ‘mind blowing’ mission to Mars". Washington Post. Retrieved 2016-06-14. 
^ Chang, Kenneth (27 September 2016). "Elon Musk’s Plan: Get Humans to Mars, and Beyond". New York Times. Retrieved 27 September 2016. 
^ Lambert, Fred (November 16, 2016). "Elon Musk’s stake in SpaceX is actually worth more than his Tesla shares". Electrek. Retrieved November 17, 2016. 
^ Burns, Matt (October 8, 2014). "A Brief History of Tesla". TechCrunch. TechCrunch.com. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Nordqvist, Joseph (February 12, 2014). "Tesla Motors Inc.—Company Information". Market Business News. Archived from the original on February 12, 2014. Retrieved April 16, 2014. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 2, 2006). "The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan (just between you and me) No. 124". Tesla Motors. Archived from the original on August 2, 2010. Retrieved October 3, 2010. [self-published source]
^ Musk, Elon. "CEO Elon Musk". Tesla Motors. Retrieved October 20, 2010. 
^ Morrison, Chris (October 15, 2008). "Musk steps in as CEO". The New York Times. 
^ Graham Ruddick. "Tesla's Model X electric car spreads falcon wings at US launch". the Guardian. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Tesla Model X: Not a model launch". Fortune. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Model X". Tesla Motors. October 29, 2012. 
^ Joann Muller (June 1, 2013). "What Do Toyota And Mercedes See in Tesla? A Bit of Themselves". Forbes.com. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 2, 2006). "The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan (just between you and me)". Tesla Motors. 
^ Hamilton, Tyler (October 12, 2009). "Tesla CEO following in Henry Ford's tracks". Toronto Star. Archived from the original on October 17, 2009. 
^ Del Ray, Jason (May 29, 2013), Musk: You'll Be Able to Drive Your Tesla Cross-Country by Year's End With Supercharger Expansion, All Things D 
^ Claudia Assis; Jeremy C. Owens. "Elon Musk exercises Tesla options, pays million tax bill with own cash". MarketWatch. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ Chris Ziegler (January 29, 2016). "Elon Musk bought million more worth of Tesla this week". The Verge. Vox Media. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ "Tesla's Elon Musk worked for free last year". Fortune. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Durisin, Megan (August 10, 2013). "Musk get US$4.3 million of stock options for Model X work". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ "All Our Patent Are Belong To You". Tesla Motors. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Dana Hull (2016-02-19). "Musk Gets Tesla.com Domain Name After Waiting a Decade". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 2016-03-22. 
^ "Management Team". SolarCity. 
^ Kanellos, Michael (February 15, 2008). "Newsmaker: Elon Musk on rockets, sports cars, and solar power". CNET. 
^ "2013 Top 250 Solar Contractors". Solar Power World. September 13, 2013. 
^ The unveiling of the Tesla Motors Electric Car. Autoblog. Retrieved July 26, 2006. 
^ a b Diggelen, Alison van. "Tesla and SolarCity Collaborate on Clean Energy Storage". KQED. Retrieved June 25, 2012. 
^ Aaron Smith (June 17, 2014). "Elon Musk's sunny plans for Buffalo". CNNMoney. 
^ "Tesla Makes Offer to Acquire SolarCity". www.teslamotors.com. Retrieved 2016-06-22. 
^ "Beyond the hype of Hyperloop: An analysis of Elon Musk's proposed transit system". Gizmag.com. August 22, 2013. Retrieved August 23, 2013. 
^ Ashlee Vance. "Revealed: Elon Musk Explains the Hyperloop, the Solar-Powered High-Speed Future of Inter-City Transportation". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved April 27, 2016. 
^ "Hyperloop Update: Elon Musk Will Start Developing It Himself". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2016-03-22. 
^ "Musk announces plans to build Hyperloop demonstrator". gizmag.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 12, 2013). "Hyperloop Alpha" (PDF). SpaceX. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 12, 2013). "Hyperloop". Tesla. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ "Hyperloop Designed for Quick, Convenient Commute". ABC News. March 9, 2013. Retrieved August 15, 2013. 
^ "Hyperloop". SpaceX. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ Mazza, Sandy (January 29, 2017). "Hyperloop competition brings new mass-transit technology to life in Hawthorne". Daily Bulletin. 
^ Hawkins, Andrew J. (2017-07-14). "Talking to Hyperloop One about its big ‘Kitty Hawk’ moment — and what comes next". The Verge. Retrieved 2017-07-14. 
^ "Elon Musk Says He Has 'Verbal' OK To Build N.Y.-D.C. Hyperloop". NPR.org. Retrieved 2017-07-25. 
^ Markoff, John (December 11, 2015). "Artificial-Intelligence Research Center Is Founded by Silicon Valley Investors". The New York Times. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ Levy, Steven (December 11, 2015). "How Elon Musk and Y Combinator Plan to Stop Computers From Taking Over". Medium/Backchannel. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk launches Neuralink, a venture to merge the human brain with AI". The Verge. 2017-03-27. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Golson, Jordan (2017-01-25). "Elon Musk: "Without tunnels, we will all be in traffic hell forever"". The Verge. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ "Elon Musk Will Begin Digging His "Boring Company" Tunnel in About A Month". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ Parnell, Brid-Aine. "Elon Musk Teases Traffic-Busting Tunneling Firm 'The Boring Co.'". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ Solon, Olivia (January 26, 2017). "Elon Musk to dig tunnel to ease traffic in LA, but he doesn't yet have permission" – via The Guardian. 
^ Mazza, Sandy. "Elon Musk wants to start digging a traffic-relieving tunnel in Hawthorne ‘in a month or so’". Los Angeles Daily Times. Retrieved 2017-01-28. 
^ Chafkin, Max (16 February 2017). "Elon Musk Is Really Boring". Bloomberg. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ Heathman, Amelia. "Elon Musk's boring machine has already built a 'test trench' in LA". WIRED UK. Retrieved 2017-02-19. 
^ Werber, Cassie. "Elon Musk says tax-free carbon is "the dumbest experiment in history"". Quartz. Retrieved 30 August 2016. 
^ "Taxpayer Subsidies Helped Tesla Motors, So Why Does Elon Musk Slam Them?". Mother Jones. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Harkinson, Josh (September 2013). "Taxpayer Subsidies Helped Tesla Motors, So Why Does Elon Musk Slam Them?". Mother Jones. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Hirsch, Jerry (May 30, 2015). "Elon Musk's growing empire is fuelled by  billion in government subsidies". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved June 2, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk: The Way Of The Future". YouTube. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Team, The Transition (December 14, 2016). "President-Elect Trump Announces Additional Members of President’s Strategic and Policy Forum". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Elon Musk and the chief executive of Uber are now advising Donald Trump". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Donald Trump Adds Elon Musk, Travis Kalanick, and Indra Nooyi to His Team of Advisers". December 14, 2016. Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ OConnell, Justin (December 23, 2016). "Elon Musk, Appointed to Trump's Team of Advisories, Thinks Bitcoin Is a "Good Thing" - CryptoCoinsNews". CryptoCoinsNews. Retrieved April 16, 2017. 
^ "Elon Musk just got more involved with Trump's administration". businessinsider.com. Retrieved January 29, 2017. 
^ "US quits Paris climate pact: Reaction from around the world following the US president's decision on the Paris accord". Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ "Elon Musk anouncing departing presidential councils on Twitter". Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ Wattenberg, Ben. "Elon Musk and the frontier of Technology". Think Tank. PBS.org. Retrieved June 12, 2015. 
^ Strange, Adario (2016-11-05). "Elon Musk thinks universal income is answer to automation taking human jobs". mashable.com. Retrieved 2017-02-06. 
^ "Elon Musk on Trump presidency: 'I don't think he's the right guy'". businessinsider.in. Retrieved March 21, 2017. 
^ Lee, Dave (2017-01-26). "Elon Musk: I'm Trump's voice of reason". BBC News. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ a b "Elon Musk, SpaceX Founder, Battles Entrenched Rivals Over NASA Contracts". The Huffington Post. February 20, 2013. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ "Obama and Congress at odds over Elon Musk". fightforvotes.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Timothy P. Carney, "Carney: Green stimulus profiteer comes under IRS scrutiny", WashingtonExaminer.com, October 14, 2012.
^ a b "SpaceX blasts off literally and politically". Sunlight Foundation. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Salant, Jonathan D. (September 27, 2013). "Billionaires Battle as Bezos-Musk Companies Vie for Launch Pad". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg Business. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ Steven Kovach, "Elon Musk Says He Quit Mark Zuckerberg's PAC Because It Was Too Cynical", BusinessInsider.com, May 31, 2013.
^ a b Becker, Sean (December 11, 2013). "Elon Musk Donated to Anti-Science Republicans". Mic. Policy.Mic. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ "Going to Mars with Elon Musk". OnInnovation.com. June 2008. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ a b "Elon Musk and Rainn Wilson discuss colonizing Mars, global warming, and the fear of failure". The Verge. March 19, 2013. Retrieved June 12, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk, CEO and CTO, Space Exploration Technologies Corp (SpaceX), Peter Diamandis, CEO, X Prize Foundation and John Doerr, Venture Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers". YouTube. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Anderson, Ross (September 30, 2014). "The Elon Musk Interview on Mars Colonization". Aeon. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Gibbs, Samuel (October 27, 2014). "Elon Musk: artificial intelligence is our biggest existential threat". The Guardian. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking think we should ban killer robots". Washington Post. July 28, 2015. Archived from the original on March 8, 2016. Retrieved January 5, 2017. 
^ a b Kosoff, Maya (January 15, 2015). "Elon Musk Is Donating Million To Keep Killer Robots From Taking Over The World". Business Insider. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ Muoio, Danielle (December 11, 2015). "Elon Musk just announced a new artificial intelligence research company". Tech Insider. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Hern, Alex (June 18, 2014). "Elon Musk says he invested in DeepMind over 'Terminator' fears". Retrieved June 10, 2015 – via The Guardian. 
^ "We are living in a computer simulation, Elon Musk says". The Independent. 2016-06-02. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ Matt Hardigree. "Elon Musk Explains How He Wrecked An Uninsured Million McLaren F1". Jalopnik. 
^ Wayne, Leslie (February 5, 2006). "A Bold Plan to Go Where Men Have Gone Before". The New York Times. 
^ FlightAware. "Aircraft Registration N900SK". Retrieved June 25, 2012. 
^ Chris Woodyard,"Tesla's Elon Musk buys 007's sub to make it real", USAToday.com, October 18, 2013; accessed November 13, 2013.
^ "Tosca Musk profile at". Musk entertainment. 
^ Achenbach, Joel. "Elon Musk Wants to Go to Mars" National Geographic November 2016. p. 41.
^ "Elon Musk and SolarCity Donate Solar Power Project to Coastal Response Center in Alabama". Enhanced Online News. Business Wire. 
^ "Elon Musk Donates Solar Power Project to Soma City in Fukushima Prefecture, Japan". BusinessWire.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
^ "What it's like to own a Tesla Model S – Part 2 – The Oatmeal". theoatmeal.com. 
^ Greg Kumparak. "Elon Musk Donates Million to the Oatmeal's Nikola Tesla Museum". TechCrunch. AOL. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk donates M to keep AI beneficial, Future of Life Institute, 2015, retrieved January 20, 2015 
^ "Elon Musk Donates M To Make Sure AI Doesn't Go The Way of Skynet". Mashable. 2015. Retrieved June 21, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk". XPRIZE. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Kroll, Luisa (April 19, 2012). "The Giving Pledge Signs on 12 More Wealthy Americans Including Tesla's Elon Musk And Home Depot's Arthur Blank". Forbes. 
^ Durand Streisand, Elizabeth. "A Look at Elon Musk's Rocky Romantic History". Yahoo. Retrieved 29 May 2017. 
^ Junod, Justine (November 14, 2012). "Elon Musk: Triumph of His Will". Esquire. Retrieved November 28, 2012. 
^ Elliott, Hannah. "Elon Musk – In Photos: Forbes Life Elon Musk". Forbes. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Lai, Jennifer (January 19, 2012). "Elon Musk Divorce: Announces Split From Talulah Riley On Twitter". The Huffington Post. Retrieved July 23, 2013. 
^ "Elon Musk Divorce: Announces Split From Talulah Riley On Twitter", The Huffington Post, January 19, 2012.
^ "Billionaire Elon Musk's wife files for divorce", Mashable.com, March 21, 2016.
^ Kimble, Lindsay (November 18, 2016). "lon Musk and Talulah Riley Are Divorced for a Second Time". People. Retrieved April 24, 2017. 
^ Musk, Elon (2017-06-06). "A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!". twitter. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Australian Government. "Zolpidem ("Stilnox") – updated information – February 2008". www.tga.gov.au. Archived from the original on 2007-08-12. Retrieved 2009-06-22. 
^ Matyszczyk, Chris (2017-06-07). "Elon Musk's strange, strange Ambien tweet". CNET. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Tan, Yvette (2017-06-07). "Elon Musk's weird Ambien tweets are back". Mashable. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; Ferguson, Joshua Willard; Zalan, Daryl; Van Dyke, Christopher Hugo (November 12, 2013), United States Patent: 8579635 - Funnel shaped charge inlet, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; Ferguson, Joshua Willard; Zalan, Daryl; Van Dyke, Christopher Hugo (March 10, 2015), United States Patent: D724031 - Vehicle charge inlet, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; von Holzhausen, Franz; Lee, Bernard; Imai, David Tadashi (May 28, 2013), United States Patent: D683268 - Vehicle, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; von Holzhausen, Franz; Lee, Bernard (March 19, 2013), United States Patent: D678154 - Vehicle door, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Priorities in Space Science Enabled by Nuclear Power And Propulsion. The National Academies Press. 2006. ISBN 9780309180108. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Rocket Man". R&D. September 4, 2007. Retrieved April 20, 2016. 
^ Chafkin, Max (December 1, 2007). "Entrepreneur of the Year, 2007: Elon Musk". inc.com. 
^ "Tesla Roadster". Index. 2007. Archived from the original on January 18, 2012. 
^ "Tesla Motors team". Tesla Motors. 
^ "SpaceX successfully launches Falcon 1 to orbit". Space Exploration Technologies Corp. 2008. 
^ "Connie Awards". National Wildlife Federation. 2008. Archived from the original on June 29, 2009. 
^ Michels, Jennifer (March 4, 2009). "Aviation Week Reveals Laureate Award Winners". Aviation Week. 
^ "Space Community Gathers at National Space Society's ISDC 2009" (Press release). National Space Society. June 17, 2009. 
^ "Automotive Executive of the Year". DNV Certification. 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Favreau, Jon (April 29, 2010). "The 2010 Time 100". Time. 
^ "Barron Hilton and Elon Musk honoured with the highest FAI awards". Fédération Aéronautique Internationale. December 16, 2010. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ "Living Legend of Aviation Awards". Kittie Hawk Air Academy. 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Caltech Elects Two Innovators to Board of Trustees". 
^ "Trustee List". The California Institute of Technology. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ "Space Foundation Survey Reveals Broad Range of Space Heroes". 
^ Smith, Jacquelyn (February 14, 2011). "America's 20 Most Powerful CEOs 40 And Under". Forbes. Retrieved February 18, 2011. To make this list, you had to be the chief executive of one of the 20 biggest publicly traded companies in the U.S. (as of Feb. 11, by market capitalization) with a CEO aged 40 or under. 
^ Dula, Art (June 16, 2011). "Heinlein Prize Honors Elon Musk of SpaceX". The Heinlein Prize. 
^ "2011 Churchill Club Awards". 
^ "2012 RAeS Gold Medal". 
^ Jonathan Welsh (November 21, 2013). "Tesla's Elon Musk is Fortune Businessperson of the Year". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "IEEE Honorary Membership Recipients" (PDF). IEEE. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ "Social Concepts, Inc: We connect people ™". socialconcepts.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk Named Most Influential Person In The Car Business Teslarati, Retrieved 11 May 2016.
^ "The top 10 business visionaries creating value for the world". Business Insider. Business Insider Inc. 
^ "Philanthropists & Social Entrepreneurs Top 200: From Elon Musk to Melinda Gates, These Are the Most Influential Do-Gooders in the World". Richtopia. Retrieved 29 March 2017. 
^ "200 most influential philanthropists in the world". Naij. Retrieved 31 March 2017. 
^ "Graduation show, Art Center College of Design". Cumulusassociation.org. November 23, 2010. Retrieved August 15, 2013. 
^ Surrey celebrates its honorary graduates, Surrey celebrates graduation 2015, Surrey Graduate, Surrey Alumni Society (Autumn/Winter 2009)[dead link]
^ SEAS Celebrates Class of 2015, Honors Innovators Elon Musk and Dean Kamen, 314th commencement (Spring 2015)
^ "Elon Musk SpaceX Tesla on the Simpsons – Business Insider". Business Insider. January 27, 2015. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ "Tesla CEO Elon Musk To Appear On Upcoming Episode Of The Big Bang Theory - CBS.com". CBS. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ "‘DC’s Legends of Tomorrow’ Power Rankings, Week 2: Burn, Baby, Burn – Observer". Observer. January 29, 2016. Retrieved February 7, 2016. 
^ Field, Kyle. "Tesla Stars In "Racing Extinction" Documentary". CleanTechnica. Retrieved 11 July 2016. 
^ Bova, Dan. "'Why Him?' Director on Elon Musk's Amazing 'I Can't Come to Work Today' Excuse". entrepreneur.com. Retrieved January 29, 2017. 


Further reading

Vance, Ashlee. Elon Musk: How the Billionaire CEO of SpaceX and Tesla is Shaping our Future. Virgin Books (2015). ISBN 9780753555620. Afterthoughts by Ashlee Vance

External links

Find more aboutElon Muskat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity
Data from Wikidata



Elon Musk on IMDb
SolarCity official website
SpaceX official website
Tesla official website
Paypal official website
Open AI official website

Articles

Gimien, Mark (August 17, 1999). "Fast Track". Salon. 
Statement of Elon Musk at House Space and Aeronautics Subcommittee Hearings on the Future Market for Commercial Space (2005)
History of PayPal, gawker.com (2007)
Bailey, Brandon (2010). "Elon Musk: Will his Silicon Valley story have a Hollywood ending?". San Jose Mercury News. 
"Science Fiction Books That Inspired Elon Musk", MediaBistro.com, March 19, 2013.
"Elon Musk’s Space Dream Almost Killed Tesla" (Bloomberg, 2015)

Interviews

Appearances on C-SPAN
"An interview with Elon Musk". HobbySpace. August 5, 2003. 
"Lift off with Elon Musk". Carte Blanche. September 4, 2005. Archived from the original on September 28, 2007. 
Bergin, Chris (January 20, 2006). "SpaceX's Musk and Thompson Q and A". nasaspaceflight.com. 
Video interview of Elon Musk by Zadi Diaz of EPIC FU, June 17, 2008. Retrieved April 27, 2014
Gray, Sadie (January 4, 2009). "Forget the bungalow, retire to Mars". Sunday Times. London, UK. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
Musk profile onInnovation.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014
An interview at the Founders Showcase, August 5, 2010
Elon Musk: 'I'm planning to retire to Mars', video interview for The Guardian, August 1, 2010
60 Minutes interview; March 18, 2012.
A 20 minute interview about sending humans to Mars with BBC's Jonathan Amos, March 20, 2012
Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity, ted.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014
Musk, Elon (January 6, 2015). "I am Elon Musk, CEO/CTO of a rocket company, AMA!". Reddit.com. Retrieved January 7, 2015. 
Elon Musk Powers Up: Inside Tesla's Billion Gigafactory Fast Company (magazine), November 2015
Elon Musk Profiled, Bloomberg Risk Takers (45min) - same video on YouTube
Elon Musk: The future we're building — and boring, ted.com. Retrieved May 7, 2017



Biography portal
Business and economics portal
Cars portal
Ecology portal
Space portal
United States portal








v
t
e


Elon Musk



Companies



Zip2 (1995–1999)
PayPal (1999–2002)
SpaceX (2002–present)
Tesla Motors (2004–present)
SolarCity (2006–present)
OpenAI (2015–present)
The Boring Company (2016–present)
Neuralink (2017–present)





Other endeavors



Hyperloop
Wet Nellie





Family



Maye Musk (mother)
Justine Musk (first wife)
Talulah Riley (second and third wife)
Kimbal Musk (brother)
Tosca Musk (sister)
Lyndon Rive (cousin, CEO of SolarCity)









 Category
 WikiQuote
 Commons













v
t
e


Tesla, Inc.



People



Elon Musk (CEO, Chief Product Architect)
JB Straubel (CTO)
Franz von Holzhausen (Chief Designer)
Martin Eberhard (co-founder, inaugural CEO)








Products




Sedans



Model S
Model 3





Crossovers/SUVs



Model X





Sports cars



Roadster (discontinued)





Others



Powerwall
Autopilot








Collaborations



Mercedes A-Class E-Cell
Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive
Smart electric drive
RAV4 EV Second generation





Facilities



Tesla Factory
Gigafactory 1
Gigafactory Europe
Superchargers and battery-swapping stations
SolarCity Gigafactory





Other



History

Timeline


Dealership disputes
SolarCity









 Category
 Commons













v
t
e


PayPal Mafia



Individuals



Peter Thiel
Reid Hoffman
Max Levchin
Ken Howery
Luke Nosek
Elon Musk
Steve Chen
Keith Rabois
Chad Hurley
Roelof Botha
Jawed Karim
Yishan Wong
Eric M. Jackson
David O. Sacks
Premal Shah
Russel Simmons
Jeremy Stoppelman





Companies founded
or co-founded



PayPal
LinkedIn
YouTube
Slide.com
Yelp
Geni.com
Yammer
SpaceX
Tesla, Inc.
Palantir Technologies
Kiva.org





Investments



Friendster
Facebook
Powerset
Vator
Six Apart
Zynga
IronPort
Flickr
Digg
Grockit
Ooma
Quantcast
RapLeaf
SmartDrive Systems
TransferWise
Ping.fm
Nanosolar
Knewton
Kongregate
Last.fm
TokBox
Xoom
Joost





Funds



Founders Fund
Clarium Capital
Greylock Partners
Sequoia Capital





Other



The PayPal Wars
Thank You for Smoking
The Stanford Review












v
t
e


SpaceX



Vehicles





Rockets






Current




Falcon 9

Full Thrust








In development




Falcon 9 Block 5
Falcon Heavy
ITS launch vehicle






Retired




Falcon 1
Falcon 9

v1.0
v1.1








Cancelled




Falcon 1e
Falcon 5
Falcon 9 Air









Test vehicles




Grasshopper (retired)
F9R Dev1† (destroyed)
DragonFly






Spacecraft




Dragon
Dragon 2
Interplanetary Spaceship
ITS tanker






Reusable hardware




Recovered boosters

B1019


Reused boosters

B1021
B1029


Reused capsules

C106













Engines



Merlin (1A, 1B, 1C, 1D, Vacuum)
Kestrel
Draco
SuperDraco
Raptor
Methalox thruster





Missions





Falcon 1




Demo 1† (FalconSAT-2)
Demo 2† (DemoSat)
Flight 3†

Trailblazer
PRESat
NanoSail-D
Explorers


Ratsat
RazakSAT






Falcon 9






Demonstration flights




Dragon Spacecraft Qualification Unit
NASA COTS Demo Flight 1
Dragon C2+






Dragon ISS logistics




CRS-1
CRS-2
CRS-3
CRS-4
CRS-5
CRS-6
CRS-7†
CRS-8
CRS-9
CRS-10
CRS-11
CRS-12
CRS-13
CRS-14
CRS-15
CRS-16
CRS-17
CRS-18
CRS-19
CRS-20
(missions contracted up to CRS-26)






Commercial satellites




SES-8
Thaicom 6
Orbcomm OG2 × 6
AsiaSat 8
AsiaSat 6
ABS-3A / Eutelsat 115 West B
TürkmenÄlem 52°E
Orbcomm OG2 × 11
SES-9
JCSAT-14
Thaicom 8
ABS-2A / Eutelsat 117 West B
JCSAT-16
Amos-6†
Iridium NEXT 1–10
EchoStar 23
SES-10
Inmarsat-5 F4
BulgariaSat-1
Iridium NEXT 11–20
Intelsat 35e
SES-11
Iridium NEXT 21–30
Koreasat 5A
Iridium NEXT 31–40
Paz
Bangabandhu-1
Iridium NEXT 41–50
SES-16 / GovSat-1
Hispasat 30W-6






Scientific satellites




CASSIOPE
DSCOVR
Jason-3
FormoSat-5
SAOCOM 1A






Military satellites




NROL-76
X-37B OTV-5









Falcon Heavy




Demo Flight
ArabSat 6A
USAF STP-2

DSX
FormoSat-7
LightSail 2
GPIM
DSAC
ISAT


Moon tourists
ViaSat 3
Red Dragon








Launch sites





Orbital




Cape Canaveral, Florida

CCAFS Launch Complex 40
Kennedy Launch Pad 39A


Vandenberg, California

Launch Complex 4E


Brownsville, Texas

Boca Chica


Kwajalein, Marshall Islands

Omelek Island†








Suborbital




McGregor test site
New Mexico test site†








Landing sites



Autonomous spaceport drone ships
Landing Zone 1, Cape Canaveral
Launch Complex 4W, Vandenberg





Other facilities



Headquarters and factory (Hawthorne, California)
Rocket development and test facility (McGregor, Texas)
Satellite development facility (Redmond, Washington)
Regional offices (Chantilly, Houston, Seattle, Washington DC)





Contracts



Commercial Orbital Transportation Services (COTS)
Commercial Resupply Services (CRS)
Commercial Crew Development (CCDev)
Commercial Crew integrated Capability (CCiCap)





R&D programs



SpaceX reusable launch system development program
Falcon 9 first-stage landing tests
Interplanetary Transport System
Red Dragon
SpaceX satellite constellation





People



Elon Musk (CEO, CTO)
Gwynne Shotwell (President & COO)
Tom Mueller (Vice President of Propulsion Development)






Italics indicate unflown vehicles and future missions or sites. † denotes failed missions, destroyed vehicles and abandoned sites.







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 306339060
LCCN: n2014017754
ISNI: 0000 0004 2658 2862
GND: 1062481119
NDL: 001156447










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Elon_Musk&oldid=792423717"					
Categories: Elon Musk1971 births20th-century American businesspeople20th-century American engineers21st-century American businesspeople21st-century American engineersAlumni of Pretoria Boys High SchoolAmerican aerospace businesspeopleAmerican aerospace designersAmerican aerospace engineersAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican chief executives in the automobile industryAmerican chief executives of energy companiesAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican chief executives of manufacturing companiesAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer programmersAmerican corporate directorsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican founders of automobile manufacturersAmerican inventorsAmerican investorsAmerican libertariansAmerican nonprofit executivesAmerican people of British descentAmerican people of Canadian descentAmerican philanthropistsAmerican software engineersAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersAmerican transhumanistsAmerican transportation businesspeopleAutomotive pioneersBasic income proponentsBusinesspeople from Los AngelesBusinesspeople in softwareCalifornia Institute of Technology trusteesChief technology officersEngineers from CaliforniaGiving PledgersLiving peopleHyperloopPayPal peoplePeople associated with solar powerPeople from PretoriaPeople with acquired Canadian citizenshipPioneers of rail transportRoyal Aeronautical Society Gold Medal winnersSouth African emigrants to the United StatesSouth African people of Canadian descentSouth African people of British descentSouth African people of German descentSpace advocatesSpaceX peopleStanford University peopleSustainable transport pioneersTesla Inc. peopleTranshumanistsWharton School of the University of Pennsylvania alumniWhite South African peoplePeople with acquired American citizenship21st-century inventors20th-century Canadian businesspeople21st-century Canadian businesspeopleSouth African business executivesCanadian aerospace engineersSouth African engineersCanadian billionairesSouth African billionairesCanadian chief executivesSouth African chief executivesCanadian computer businesspeopleCanadian computer programmersSouth African computer programmersCanadian corporate directorsSouth African corporate directorsCanadian inventorsSouth African inventorsCanadian financial company foundersSouth African company foundersCanadian investorsSouth African investorsCanadian libertariansCanadian nonprofit executivesCanadian people of British descentCanadian people of South African descentCanadian philanthropistsSouth African philanthropistsCanadian software engineersCanadian technology chief executivesCanadian technology company foundersCanadian transhumanistsCanadian people of German descentAmerican people of Pennsylvania Dutch descentHidden categories: CS1 French-language sources (fr)Accuracy disputes from May 2015All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2016Wikipedia semi-protected pagesUse American English from November 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from February 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with failed verificationArticles with failed verification from October 2015Wikipedia articles in need of updating from March 2016All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBoarischBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalegoગુજરાતી한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLumbaartMagyarमैथिलीMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीМонголNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayZazakiŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 12:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Elon Musk - Wikipedia




















 







Elon Musk

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 26 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Elon Musk



A headshot of Elon Musk in 2015.



Born
Elon Reeve Musk
(1971-06-28) June 28, 1971 (age 46)
Pretoria, Transvaal (now Gauteng), South Africa


Residence
Bel Air, Los Angeles, California, U.S.[1][2]


Citizenship



South African (1971–present)
Canadian (1989–present)
American (2002–present)





Alma mater
Queen's University
University of Pennsylvania[3][4]


Occupation
Entrepreneur, Engineer, Inventor, and Investor


Known for
SpaceX, PayPal, Tesla Inc., Hyperloop, SolarCity, OpenAI, The Boring Company, Neuralink, Zip2


Net worth
US$16.1 billion (July 2017)[5]


Title
CEO and CTO of SpaceX
CEO and product architect of Tesla, Inc.
CEO of Neuralink
Chairman of SolarCity
Co-chairman of OpenAI


Spouse(s)



Justine Musk (m. 2000; div. 2008)
Talulah Riley (m. 2010–div. 2012; m. 2013–div. 2016)[6][7]





Children
6


Parent(s)
Maye Musk (mother)
Errol Graham Musk (father)


Relatives
Tosca Musk (sister)
Kimbal Musk (brother)
Lyndon Rive (cousin)


Signature





Elon Reeve Musk (/ˈiːlɒn ˈmʌsk/; born June 28, 1971) is a South African-born Canadian-American business magnate, investor,[8][9] engineer,[10] and inventor.[15]
Elon is the founder, CEO, and CTO of SpaceX; a co-founder,[16] a Series A investor, CEO, and product architect of Tesla Inc.; co-chairman of OpenAI; founder and CEO of Neuralink. He was previously co-founder and chairman of SolarCity; co-founder of Zip2; and founder of X.com, which merged with Confinity and took the name PayPal.[21] As of July 2017, he has an estimated net worth of $16.1 billion, making him the 80th-wealthiest person in the world.[22] In December 2016, Musk was ranked 21st on the Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[23]
Musk has stated that the goals of SolarCity, Tesla, and SpaceX revolve around his vision to change the world and humanity.[24] His goals include reducing global warming through sustainable energy production and consumption, and reducing the "risk of human extinction" by "making life multiplanetary"[25][26] by establishing a human colony on Mars.
In addition to his primary business pursuits, he has also envisioned a high-speed transportation system known as the Hyperloop, and has proposed a VTOL supersonic jet aircraft with electric fan propulsion, known as the Musk electric jet.[27][28]
Elon also proposed the concept of The Boring Company in 2017.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 Early childhood
1.2 Education


2 Career

2.1 Zip2
2.2 X.com and PayPal
2.3 SpaceX
2.4 Tesla
2.5 SolarCity
2.6 Hyperloop
2.7 OpenAI
2.8 Neuralink
2.9 The Boring Company


3 Subsidies
4 Political positions

4.1 Lobbying


5 Opinions

5.1 Destiny and religion
5.2 Extraterrestrial life
5.3 Artificial intelligence


6 Personal life

6.1 Philanthropy
6.2 Family
6.3 Zolpidem usage


7 Patents
8 Awards and recognition

8.1 Honorary doctorates


9 In popular media
10 References
11 Further reading
12 External links

12.1 Articles
12.2 Interviews





Early life
Early childhood
Musk was born on June 28, 1971, in Pretoria, Transvaal, South Africa,[29] the son of Maye Musk (née Haldeman), a model and dietician from Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada;[30] and Errol Musk, a South African electromechanical engineer, pilot and sailor. He has a younger brother, Kimbal (born 1972), and a younger sister, Tosca (born 1974).[34] His paternal grandmother was British, and he also has Pennsylvania Dutch ancestry.[35][36] His maternal grandfather was American, from Minnesota.[37] After his parents divorced in 1980, Musk lived mostly with his father in the suburbs of Pretoria.[35]
During his childhood he was an avid reader.[38]
At age 10, he developed an interest in computing with the Commodore VIC-20.[39] He taught himself computer programming at the age of 12, sold the code for a BASIC-based video game he created called Blastar, to a magazine called PC and Office Technology, for approximately $500.[40][41] A web version of the game is available online.[40][42]
Musk was severely bullied throughout his childhood, and was once hospitalized when a group of boys threw him down a flight of stairs and then beat him until he lost consciousness.[38]
Musk was initially educated at private schools, attending the English-speaking Waterkloof House Preparatory School. Musk later graduated from Pretoria Boys High School and moved to Canada in June 1989, just before his 18th birthday,[43] after obtaining Canadian citizenship through his Canadian-born mother.[44][45]`
Education
At the age of 17, Musk was accepted into Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, for undergraduate study. In 1992, after spending two years at Queen's University, Musk transferred to the University of Pennsylvania, where in May 1997 he received a Bachelor of Science degree in physics from its College of Arts and Sciences, and a Bachelor of Science degree in economics from its Wharton School of Business. Musk extended his studies for one year to finish the second bachelor's degree.[38][46] While at the University of Pennsylvania, Musk and fellow Penn student Adeo Ressi rented a 10-bedroom fraternity house, using it as an unofficial nightclub.[38]
In 1995, at age 24, Musk moved to California to begin a PhD in applied physics and materials science at Stanford University, but left the program after two days to pursue his entrepreneurial aspirations in the areas of the Internet, renewable energy and outer space.[41][47] In 2002, he became a U.S. citizen.[48][49]
Career
Zip2
Main article: Zip2
In 1995, Musk and his brother, Kimbal, started Zip2, a web software company, with US$28,000 of their father's money.[38] The company developed and marketed an Internet "city guide" for the newspaper publishing industry.[50] Musk obtained contracts with The New York Times and the Chicago Tribune[51] and persuaded the board of directors to abandon plans for a merger with CitySearch.[52] While at Zip2, Musk wanted to become CEO; however, none of the board members would allow it.[38] Compaq acquired Zip2 for US$307 million in cash and US$34 million in stock options in February 1999.[53] Musk received US$22 million for his 7% share from the sale.[51]
X.com and PayPal
Main article: PayPal
In March 1999, Musk co-founded X.com, an online financial services and e-mail payment company, with US$10 million from the sale of Zip2.[43][50][52] One year later, the company merged with Confinity,[51][54] which had a money transfer service called PayPal. The merged company focused on the PayPal service and was renamed PayPal in 2001. PayPal's early growth was driven mainly by a viral marketing campaign where new customers were recruited when they received money through the service.[55] Musk was ousted in October 2000 from his role as CEO (although he remained on the board) due to disagreements with other company leadership, notably over his desire to move PayPal's Unix-based infrastructure to Microsoft Windows.[56] In October 2002, PayPal was acquired by eBay for US$1.5 billion in stock, of which Musk received US$165 million.[57] Before its sale, Musk, who was the company's largest shareholder, owned 11.7% of PayPal's shares.[58]
SpaceX
Main article: SpaceX
In 2001, Musk conceptualized "Mars Oasis"; a project to land a miniature experimental greenhouse on Mars, containing food crops growing on Martian regolith, in an attempt to regain public interest in space exploration.[59][60] In October 2001, Musk travelled to Moscow with Jim Cantrell (an aerospace supplies fixer), and Adeo Ressi (his best friend from college), to buy refurbished Dnepr Intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) that could send the envisioned payloads into space. The group met with companies such as NPO Lavochkin and Kosmotras; however, according to Cantrell, Musk was seen as a novice and was consequently spat on by one of the Russian chief designers,[61] and the group returned to the United States empty-handed. In February 2002, the group returned to Russia to look for three ICBMs, bringing along Mike Griffin, who had worked for the CIA's venture capital arm, In-Q-Tel; NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory; and was just leaving Orbital Sciences, a maker of satellites and spacecraft. The group met again with Kosmotras, and were offered one rocket for US$8 million, however, this was seen by Musk as too expensive; Musk consequently stormed out of the meeting. On the flight back from Moscow, Musk realized that he could start a company that could build the affordable rockets he needed.[61] According to early Tesla and SpaceX investor Steve Jurvetson,[62] Musk calculated that the raw materials for building a rocket actually were only 3 percent of the sales price of a rocket at the time. It was concluded that theoretically, by applying vertical integration and the modular approach from software engineering, SpaceX could cut launch price by a factor of ten and still enjoy a 70-percent gross margin.[63] Ultimately, Musk ended up founding SpaceX with the long-term goal of creating a "true spacefaring civilization".[64]




Musk and President Barack Obama at the Falcon 9 launch site in 2010


With US$100 million of his early fortune,[65] Musk founded Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, in May 2002.[66] Musk is chief executive officer (CEO) and chief technology officer (CTO) of the Hawthorne, California-based company. SpaceX develops and manufactures space launch vehicles with a focus on advancing the state of rocket technology. The company's first two launch vehicles are the Falcon 1 and Falcon 9 rockets (a nod to Star Wars' Millennium Falcon), and its first spacecraft is the Dragon (a nod to Puff the Magic Dragon).[67] In seven years, SpaceX designed the family of Falcon launch vehicles and the Dragon multipurpose spacecraft. In September 2008, SpaceX's Falcon 1 rocket became the first privately funded liquid-fueled vehicle to put a satellite into Earth orbit.[38] On May 25, 2012, the SpaceX Dragon vehicle berthed with the ISS, making history as the first commercial company to launch and berth a vehicle to the International Space Station.[68]
In 2006, SpaceX was awarded a contract from NASA to continue the development and test of the SpaceX Falcon 9 launch vehicle and Dragon spacecraft in order to transport cargo to the International Space Station,[69][not in citation given] followed by a US$1.6 billion NASA Commercial Resupply Services program contract on December 23, 2008, for 12 flights of its Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station, replacing the US Space Shuttle after it retired in 2011.[70] Astronaut transport to the ISS is currently handled solely by the Soyuz, but SpaceX is one of two companies awarded a contract by NASA as part of the Commercial Crew Development program, which is intended to develop a US astronaut transport capability by 2018.[71] On 22 December 2015, SpaceX successfully landed the first stage of its Falcon rocket back at the launch pad. This was the first time in history such a feat had been achieved by an orbital rocket and is a significant step towards rocket reusability lowering the costs of access to space.[72] This first stage recovery was replicated several times in 2016 by landing on an Autonomous spaceport drone ship, an ocean based recovery platform.[73]
SpaceX is both the largest private producer of rocket engines in the world, and holder of the record for highest thrust-to-weight ratio for a rocket engine.[74] SpaceX has produced more than 100 operational Merlin 1D engines, currently the world's most powerful engine for its weight.[75] The relatively immense power to weight ratio allows each Merlin 1D engine to vertically lift the weight of 40 average family cars. In combination, the 9 Merlin engines in the Falcon 9 first stage produces anywhere from 5.8 to 6.7 MN (1.3 to 1.5 million pounds) of thrust, depending on altitude.[76]
Musk was influenced by Isaac Asimov's Foundation series[77] and views space exploration as an important step in preserving and expanding the consciousness of human life.[78] Musk said that multiplanetary life may serve as a hedge against threats to the survival of the human species.

An asteroid or a super volcano could destroy us, and we face risks the dinosaurs never saw: an engineered virus, inadvertent creation of a micro black hole, catastrophic global warming or some as-yet-unknown technology could spell the end of us. Humankind evolved over millions of years, but in the last sixty years atomic weaponry created the potential to extinguish ourselves. Sooner or later, we must expand life beyond this green and blue ball—or go extinct.

Musk's goal is to reduce the cost of human spaceflight by a factor of 10.[79] In a 2011 interview, he said he hopes to send humans to Mars' surface within 10–20 years.[80] In Ashlee Vance's biography, Musk stated that he wants to establish a Mars colony by 2040, with a population of 80,000.[39] Musk stated that, since Mars' atmosphere lacks oxygen, all transportation would have to be electric (electric cars, electric trains, Hyperloop, electric aircraft).[81] Space X intends to launch a Dragon spacecraft on a Falcon Heavy in 2018 to soft-land on Mars - this is intended to be the first of a regular cargo mission supply-run to Mars building up to later crewed flights.[82] Musk stated in June 2016 that the first unmanned flight of the larger Mars Colonial Transporter (MCT) spacecraft is aimed for departure to the red planet in 2022, to be followed by the first manned MCT Mars flight departing in 2024.[83] In September 2016, Musk revealed details of his plan to explore and colonize Mars.[84] By 2016, Musk's private trust holds 54% of SpaceX stock, equivalent to 78% of voting shares.[85]
Tesla
Main article: Tesla, Inc.
Tesla, Inc. (originally Tesla Motors) was incorporated in July 2003 by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning, who financed the company until the Series A round of funding.[86]
Both men played active roles in the company's early development prior to Elon Musk's involvement.[87] Musk led the Series A round of investment in February 2004, joining Tesla's board of directors as its chairman.[88] Musk took an active role within the company and oversaw Roadster product design at a detailed level, but was not deeply involved in day-to-day business operations.[89]
Following the financial crisis in 2008,[90] Musk assumed leadership of the company as CEO and product architect, positions he still holds today. Tesla Motors first built an electric sports car, the Tesla Roadster in 2008, with sales of about 2,500 vehicles to 31 countries. Tesla began delivery of its four-door Model S sedan on June 22, 2012. It unveiled its third product, the Model X, aimed at the SUV/minivan market, on February 9, 2012; the Model X launch was however delayed until September 2015.[91][92][93] In addition to its own cars, Tesla sells electric powertrain systems to Daimler for the Smart EV, Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive and Mercedes A Class and to Toyota for the RAV4 EV. Musk was able to bring in both companies as long-term investors in Tesla.[94]







Musk observing an assembly demo at the reopening of the NUMMI plant, now known as the Tesla Factory (Fremont, California) in 2010









Musk standing in front of a Tesla Model S in 2011









Musk and Senator Dianne Feinstein next to a Tesla Model S (2010)




Musk has favored building a sub-US$30,000 compact Tesla model and building and selling electric vehicle powertrain components so that other automakers can produce electric vehicles at affordable prices without having to develop the products in-house; this led to the Model 3 that is planned to have a base price of US$35,000.[95] Several mainstream publications have compared him with Henry Ford for his work on advanced vehicle powertrains.[96]
In a May 2013 interview with All Things Digital, Musk said that to overcome the range limitations of electric cars, Tesla is "dramatically accelerating" its network of supercharger stations, tripling the number on the East and West coasts of the U.S. that June, with plans for more expansion across North America, including Canada, throughout the year.[97] As of January 29, 2016, Musk owns about 28.9 million Tesla shares, which equates to about 22% of the company.[98][99]
As of 2014, Musk's annual salary is one dollar, similar to Steve Jobs and other CEOs, the remainder of his compensation is in the form of stock and performance-based bonuses.[100][101]
In 2014, Musk announced that Tesla would allow its technology patents to be used by anyone in good faith in a bid to entice automobile manufacturers to speed up development of electric cars. "The unfortunate reality is electric car programs (or programs for any vehicle that doesn't burn hydrocarbons) at the major manufacturers are small to non-existent, constituting an average of far less than 1% of their total vehicle sales", Musk said.[102]
In February 2016, Musk announced that he had acquired the Tesla.com domain name from Stu Grossman, who had owned it since 1992 and changed Tesla's homepage to that domain.[103]
SolarCity
Main article: SolarCity
Musk provided the initial concept and financial capital for SolarCity, which was then co-founded in 2006 by his cousins Lyndon and Peter Rive.[104][105] SolarCity is now the second largest provider of solar power systems in the United States.[106]
The underlying motivation for funding both SolarCity and Tesla is to help combat global warming.[107] In 2012, Musk announced that SolarCity and Tesla are collaborating to use electric vehicle batteries to smooth the impact of rooftop solar on the power grid, with the program going live in 2013.[108]
On June 17, 2014, Musk committed to building in Buffalo, New York, a SolarCity advanced production facility that would triple the size of the largest solar plant in the United States. Musk stated the plant will be "one of the single largest solar panel production plants in the world", and it will be followed by one or more even bigger facilities in subsequent years.[109][needs update]
In June 2016, Musk's car company, Tesla, formally submitted an offer to acquire SolarCity.[110]
Hyperloop
Main articles: Hyperloop and Hyperloop pod competition
On August 12, 2013, Musk unveiled a concept for a high-speed transportation system incorporating reduced-pressure tubes in which pressurized capsules ride on an air cushion driven by linear induction motors and air compressors.[111] The mechanism for releasing the concept was an alpha-design document that, in addition to scoping out the technology, outlined a notional route where such a transport system might be built: between the Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area.[112]
After earlier envisioning Hyperloop, Musk assigned a dozen engineers from Tesla and SpaceX who worked for nine months, establishing the conceptual foundations and creating the designs for the transportation system.[113][114] An early design for the system was then published in a whitepaper posted to the Tesla and SpaceX blogs.[115][116][117] Musk's proposal, if technologically feasible at the costs he has cited, would make Hyperloop travel cheaper than any other mode of transport for such long distances. The alpha design was proposed to use a partial vacuum to reduce aerodynamic drag, which it is theorized would allow for high-speed travel with relatively low power, with certain other features like air-bearing skis and an inlet compressor to reduce air drag. The alpha design document estimated the total cost of an LA-to-SF Hyperloop system at US$6 billion, but this amount is speculative.[118]
In June 2015, Musk announced a design competition for students and others to build Hyperloop pods to operate on a SpaceX-sponsored mile-long track in a 2015–2017 Hyperloop pod competition. The track was used in January 2017, and Musk also started building a tunnel.[119]
Hyperloop One, a company unaffiliated with Musk, had announced that it had done its first successful test run on its DevLoop track in Nevada on July 13, 2017. It was on May 12, 2017 at 12:02 A.M and had lasted 5.3 seconds, reaching a top speed of 70 mph.[120]
On July 25, 2017, Elon Musk announced that he had gotten approval from the Department of Transportation to build a hyperloop from New York City to Washington D.C stopping in both Philadelphia and Baltimore.[121]
OpenAI
Main article: OpenAI
In December 2015, Elon Musk announced the creation of OpenAI, a not-for-profit artificial intelligence (AI) research company. OpenAI aims to develop artificial general intelligence in a way that is safe and beneficial to humanity.[122]
By making AI available to everyone, OpenAI wants to "counteract large corporations who may gain too much power by owning super-intelligence systems devoted to profits, as well as governments which may use AI to gain power and even oppress their citizenry".[123]
Neuralink
Main article: Neuralink
In 2016, Musk co-founded Neuralink, a neurotechnology startup company, to integrate the human brain with artificial intelligence. The company, which is still in the earliest stages of existence, is centered on creating devices that can be implanted in the human brain, with the eventual purpose of helping human beings merge with software and keep pace with advancements in artificial intelligence. These enhancements could improve memory or allow for more direct interfacing with computing devices.[124]
The Boring Company
Main article: The Boring Company
On December 17, 2016, while stuck in traffic, Musk tweeted "Am going to build a tunnel boring machine and just start digging..." The company was named 'The Boring Company'.[125] On January 21, 2017, Musk tweeted "Exciting progress on the tunnel front. Plan to start digging in a month or so."[126] The first tunnel will start on the SpaceX campus,[127] and will probably go to a nearby parking garage. As of January 26, 2017, discussions with regulatory bodies have begun,[128] but no requests for permits to dig in the Los Angeles area have yet been filed with the California Department of Transportation.[129]
In February 2017, the company began digging a 30-foot-wide, 50-foot-long, and 15-foot-deep "test trench" on the premises of Space X's offices in Los Angeles, since the construction requires no permits.[130][131]
Subsidies
Musk has stated that he does not believe the U.S. government should provide subsidies to companies but should instead use a carbon tax to price in the negative externality of air pollution and discourage "bad behavior." Musk argues that the free market would achieve the "best solution," and that producing environmentally unfriendly vehicles should come with its own consequences.[132]
Musk's statements have been widely criticized, with Stanford University Professor Fred Turner noting that "if you're an entrepreneur like Elon Musk, you will take the money where you can get it, but at the same time believe as a matter of faith that it's entrepreneurship and technology that are the sources of social change, not the state. It is not quite self-delusion, but there is a habit of thinking of oneself as a free-standing, independent agent, and of not acknowledging the subsidies that one received. And this goes on all the time in Silicon Valley."[133] Author Michael Shellenberger argued that "in the case of Musk, it is hard not to read that as a kind of defensiveness. And I think there is a business reason for it. They are dealing with a lot of investors for whom subsidies are not the basis for a long-term viable business, and they often want to exaggerate the speed with which they are going to be able to become independent." Shellenberger continues, "we would all be better off if these entrepreneurs were a bit more grateful, a bit more humble." While journalist and author Jim Motavalli, who interviewed Musk for High Voltage, his 2011 book about the electric vehicle industry, speculated that "Elon is now looking at it from the point of view of a winner, and he doesn't want to see other people win because they get government money – I do think there is a tendency of people, once they have succeeded, to want to pull the ladder up after them."[134]
In 2015, Musk's statements were subject to further scrutiny when an LA Times article claimed that SpaceX, Tesla, SolarCity and buyers of their products had or were projected to receive together an estimated US$4.9 billion in government subsidies over twenty years. One example given is New York state, which is spending $750 million to build a solar panel factory in Buffalo which will be leased to SolarCity for $1 a year. The deal also includes no property taxes for a decade, an estimated $260 million valuation. Musk employs a former U.S. State Department official as the chief negotiator for Tesla.[135]
Political positions




Musk speaking alongside Irish Taoiseach (Prime Minister) Enda Kenny


Politically, Musk has described himself as "half Democrat, half Republican." In his own words: "I'm somewhere in the middle, socially liberal and fiscally conservative."[136] In 2016, Musk became a member of two of then President-elect Donald Trump's presidential advisory committees (the Strategic and Policy Forum[137][138][139][140] and Manufacturing Jobs Initiative)[141] but resigned from both in 2017, in protest at Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement on climate change.[142][143]
Musk has described himself as "nauseatingly pro-American." According to Musk, the United States is "[inarguably] the greatest country that has ever existed on Earth," describing it as "the greatest force for good of any country that's ever been." Musk believes outright that there "would not be democracy in the world if not for the United States," arguing there were "three separate occasions in the 20th-century where democracy would have fallen with World War I, World War II and the Cold War, if not for the United States." Musk also stated that he thinks "it would be a mistake to say the United States is perfect, it certainly is not. There have been many foolish things the United States has done and bad things the United States has done."[144]
Prompted by the emergence of self-driving cars and Artificial Intelligence, Musk has voiced support for a Universal Basic Income.[145]
Prior to the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Musk criticized candidate Trump by saying: "I feel a bit stronger that he is probably not the right guy. He doesn't seem to have the sort of character that reflects well on the United States."[146] Following Donald Trump's inauguration, Musk expressed approval of Trump's choice of Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State and accepted an invitation to appear on a panel advising President Trump. Regarding his cooperation with Trump, Musk has subsequently commented: "The more voices of reason that the President hears, the better."[147]
Lobbying
In an interview with the Washington Post, Musk stated he was a "significant (though not top-tier) donor to Democrats, but that he also gives heavily to Republicans." Musk further stated, "in order to have your voice be heard in Washington, you have to make some little contribution."[148][149]
A recent report from the Sunlight Foundation (a nonpartisan group that tracks government spending), found that "SpaceX has spent over US$4 million on lobbying Congress since it was established in 2002 and doled out more than US$800,000 in political contributions" to Democrats and Republicans. The same report noted that "SpaceX's campaign to win political support has been systematic and sophisticated", and that "unlike most tech-startups, SpaceX has maintained a significant lobbying presence in Washington almost since day 1". The report further noted that "Musk himself has donated roughly US$725,000 to various campaigns since 2002. In 2004, he contributed US$2,000 to President George W. Bush's reelection campaign, maxing out (over US$100,000)[150] to Obama's reelection campaign and donated US$5,000 to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who represents Florida, a state critical to the space industry. (...) All told, Musk and SpaceX gave out roughly US$250,000 in the 2012 election cycle."[148][151] Additionally, SpaceX hired former Republican Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott to represent the company, via the Washington-based lobbying group Patton Boggs LLP. Alongside Patton Boggs LLP, SpaceX uses several other outside lobbying firms, who work alongside SpaceX's own lobbyists.[152]
Musk had been a supporter of the U.S. political action committee (PAC) FWD.us, which was started by fellow high-profile entrepreneur Mark Zuckerberg and advocates for immigration reform. However, in May 2013, Musk publicly withdrew his support in protest of advertisements the PAC was running that supported causes like the Keystone Pipeline. Musk and other members, including David O. Sacks, pulled out, criticizing the strategy as "cynical".[153] Musk further stated, "we shouldn't give in to the politics. If we give in to that, we'll get the political system we deserve."[154]
In December 2013, Sean Becker of the media/political website Mic called Musk a "complete hypocrite", stating that "[for] the 2014 election cycle, Musk has contributed to the Longhorn PAC and the National Republican Congressional Committee — both of which have funded the campaigns of anti-science, anti-environment candidates such as Rep. Michelle Bachman (R-Minn.)."[154] Musk has directly contributed to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who has been accused of holding similar positions regarding climate change.[151]
Opinions
Destiny and religion
When asked whether he believed "there was some kind of destiny involved" in humanity's transition to a multi-planetary species, rather than "just physics", Musk responded:

Well, I do. Do I think that there's some sort of master intelligence architecting all of this stuff? I think probably not because then you have to say: "Where does the master intelligence come from?" So it sort of begs the question. So I think really you can explain this with the fundamental laws of physics. You know its complex phenomenon from simple elements.[155]

Musk has stated that he does not pray, or worship any being, although previously admitted to praying before an important Falcon 1 launch, asking "any entities that [were] listening" to "bless [the] launch". When asked whether he believed "religion and science could co-exist", Musk replied "probably not".[156]
Extraterrestrial life
Although Musk believes "there is a good chance that there is simple life on other planets", he "questions whether there is other intelligent life in the known universe".[156] Musk later clarified his "hope that there is other intelligent life in the known universe", and stated that it is "probably more likely than not, but that's a complete guess."[157]
Musk has also considered the simulation hypothesis as a potential solution to the Fermi paradox:

The absence of any noticeable life may be an argument in favour of us being in a simulation.... Like when you're playing an adventure game, and you can see the stars in the background, but you can't ever get there. If it's not a simulation, then maybe we're in a lab and there's some advanced alien civilization that's just watching how we develop, out of curiosity, like mould in a petri dish.... If you look at our current technology level, something strange has to happen to civilizations, and I mean strange in a bad way. ... And it could be that there are a whole lot of dead, one-planet civilizations.[158]

Artificial intelligence
Musk has frequently spoken out about the potential dangers of artificial intelligence, declaring it "the most serious threat to the survival of the human race". During an interview at the MIT AeroAstro Centennial Symposium, Musk described AI as "[humanity's] biggest existential threat", further stating, "I'm increasingly inclined to think that there should be some regulatory oversight, maybe at the national and international level, just to make sure that we don't do something very foolish." Musk described the creation of artificial intelligence as "summoning the demon".[159][160]
Despite this, Musk has previously invested in DeepMind, an AI firm, and Vicarious, a company working to improve machine intelligence. In January 2015, he donated $10 million to the Future of Life Institute, an organization focused on challenges posed by advanced technologies.[161] He is the co-chairman of OpenAI, a nonprofit artificial intelligence research company.[162]
Musk has said that his investments are, "not from the standpoint of actually trying to make any investment return... I like to just keep an eye on what's going on with artificial intelligence". Musk continued, "There have been movies about this, you know, like Terminator – there are some scary outcomes. And we should try to make sure the outcomes are good, not bad."[163]
In June 2016, he was asked whether he thinks humans live in a computer simulation, to which he answered "probably". Elaborated as follows:

The strongest argument for us probably being in a simulation I think is the following: 40 years ago we had Pong – two rectangles and a dot. That's where we were. Now 40 years later we have photorealistic, 3D simulations with millions of people playing simultaneously and it's getting better every year. And soon we'll have virtual reality, we'll have augmented reality. If you assume any rate of improvement at all, then the games will become indistinguishable from reality, just indistinguishable.[164]

Personal life
Musk owned a McLaren F1 supercar, which he crashed while it was uninsured.[165] He also previously owned an Aero L-39, a Czech-made jet trainer aircraft .[166]
The 1994 model Dassault Falcon 900 aircraft used in the 2005 film Thank You for Smoking is registered to Musk (N900SX),[167] and Musk had a cameo as the pilot of his plane, opening the door for Robert Duvall and escorting Aaron Eckhart aboard. Musk owns Wet Nellie, the Lotus Esprit from the James Bond film The Spy Who Loved Me. He plans to convert it into the functional car-submarine from the film.[168]
Musk attended the Burning Man festival in 2004 and has said he first thought up the idea for SolarCity at the festival.[108]
Tosca Musk, Elon's sister, is a filmmaker. She is the founder of Musk Entertainment and has produced various movies.[169]
Musk stated that he wants to die on Mars, just not on impact.[170]
Philanthropy
Musk is chairman of the Musk Foundation, which focuses its philanthropic efforts on providing solar-power energy systems in disaster areas. In 2010, the Musk Foundation collaborated with SolarCity to donate a 25-kW solar power system to the South Bay Community Alliance's (SBCA) hurricane response center in Coden, Alabama.[171] In July 2011, the Musk Foundation donated US$250,000 towards a solar power project in Sōma, Japan, a city that had been recently devastated by tsunami.[172]
In July 2014, Musk was asked by cartoonist Matthew Inman and William Terbo, the grandnephew of Nikola Tesla, to donate US$8 million toward the construction of the Tesla Science Center at Wardenclyffe.[173] Ultimately, Musk agreed to donate US$1 million toward the project and additionally pledged to build a Tesla Supercharger in the museum car park.[174]
Musk donated US$10 million to the Future of Life Institute in January 2015, to run a global research program aimed at keeping artificial intelligence beneficial to humanity.[175][161][176]
As of 2015, Musk is a trustee of the X Prize Foundation[177] and a signatory of The Giving Pledge.[178]
Family
Musk met his first wife, Canadian author Justine Wilson, while both were students at Ontario's Queen's University. They married in 2000 and separated in 2008.[179]
Their first son, Nevada Alexander Musk, died of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) at the age of ten weeks.[180] They later had five sons through in vitro fertilization – twins in 2004, followed by triplets in 2006 – all of whom they share custody.[181]
In 2008, Musk began dating English actress Talulah Riley, and in 2010, the couple married. In January 2012, Musk announced that he had ended his four-year relationship with Riley,[33][182] tweeting to Riley, "It was an amazing four years. I will love you forever. You will make someone very happy one day."[183] In July 2013, Musk and Riley remarried. In December 2014, Musk filed for a second divorce from Riley, however, the action was withdrawn.[7] It was announced in March 2016 that divorce proceedings were again under way, this time with Riley filing for divorce from Musk.[184] The divorce was finalized in late 2016.[185]
Zolpidem usage
In an apparent self-admission of mixing Zolpidem and alcohol, Musk tweeted in June 2017 "A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!".[186] Health authorities advise to not take Zolpidem together with alcohol, which can be a highly addictive combination and increase the risk of experiencing dangerous side-effects.[187] Musk gained media attention for advocating a dangerous drug combination publicly on his social media.[188][189]
Patents


Title
Application number
Grant number
Application date
Grant date
Original assignee


Funnel shaped charge inlet[190]
13/549185
8579635
2012-07-13
2013-11-12
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle charge inlet[191]
29/427056
D724031
2012-07-13
2015-03-10
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle[192]
29/412833
D683268
2012-02-08
2013-05-28
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle door[193]
29/412841
D678154
2012-02-08
2013-03-19
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Awards and recognition

In 2006, Musk served as a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences Aeronautics and Space Engineering Board.[194]
R&D Magazine Innovator of the Year for 2007 for SpaceX, Tesla, and SolarCity.[195]
Inc Magazine Entrepreneur of the Year award for 2007 for his work on Tesla and SpaceX.[196]
2007 Index Design award for his design of the Tesla Roadster.[197] Global Green 2006 product design award for his design of the Tesla Roadster, presented by Mikhail Gorbachev.[198]
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics George Low award for the most outstanding contribution in the field of space transportation in 2007/2008. Musk was recognized for his design of the Falcon 1, the first privately developed liquid-fuel rocket to reach orbit.[199]
National Wildlife Federation 2008 National Conservation Achievement award for Tesla and SolarCity. Other 2008 recipients include journalist Thomas Friedman, U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT), and Florida Governor Charlie Crist.[200]
The Aviation Week 2008 Laureate for the most significant achievement worldwide in the space industry.[201]
National Space Society's Von Braun Trophy in 2008/2009, given for leadership of the most significant achievement in space. Prior recipients include Burt Rutan and Steve Squyres.[202]
Automotive Executive of the Year (worldwide) in 2010 for demonstrating technology leadership and innovation via Tesla. Prior awardees include Bill Ford Jr, Bob Lutz, Dieter Zetsche and Lee Iacocca. Musk is the youngest ever recipient of this award.[203]
Listed as one of Time's 100 people who most affected the world in 2010.[204]
The world governing body for aerospace records, Fédération Aéronautique Internationale, presented Musk in 2010 with the highest award in air and space, the FAI Gold Space Medal, for designing the first privately developed rocket to reach orbit. Prior recipients include Neil Armstrong, Burt Rutan of Scaled Composites and John Glenn.[205]
Named as one of the 75 most influential people of the 21st century by Esquire magazine.[78]
Recognized as a Living Legend of Aviation in 2010 by the Kitty Hawk Foundation for creating the successor to the Space Shuttle (Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft). Other recipients include Buzz Aldrin and Richard Branson.[206]
In 2010, Musk was elected to the board of trustees of the California Institute of Technology,[207] however no longer holds the position.[208]
In a 2010 Space Foundation survey, he was ranked as the No. 10 (tied with rocketry pioneer and scientist Wernher von Braun) most popular space hero.[209]
In February 2011, Forbes listed Musk as one of "America's 20 Most Powerful CEOs 40 And Under".[210]
In June 2011, Musk was awarded the US$250,000 Heinlein Prize for Advances in Space Commercialization[211]
In 2011, Musk was honored as a Legendary Leader at the Churchill Club Awards.[212]
In 2012, Musk was awarded the Royal Aeronautical Society's highest award: a Gold Medal.[213]
Musk was the 2012 recipient of Smithsonian magazine's American Ingenuity Award in the Technology category.
In 2013, Musk was named the Fortune Businessperson of the year for SpaceX, SolarCity, and Tesla.[214]
In 2015, he was awarded IEEE Honorary Membership.[215]
As of 2015, Musk serves on the board of advisors of Social Concepts, Inc.[216]
In 2016, The Drive, a division of Time, named Musk the most influential person in the car business and as the second most influential person in the automotive tech sector.[217]
In June 2016, Business Insider named Musk one of the "Top 10 Business Visionaries Creating Value for the World" along with Mark Zuckerberg and Sal Khan.[218]
In December 2016, Musk was ranked 21st on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[23]
In March 2017, Musk was listed by UK-based company Richtopia at number 3 in the list of 200 Most Influential Philanthropists and Social Entrepreneurs.[219][220]

Honorary doctorates

Honorary doctorate in Design from the Art Center College of Design[221]
Honorary doctorate (DUniv) in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Surrey[222]
Honorary doctorate of Engineering and Technology from Yale University[223]

In popular media
In the 2005 film Thank You for Smoking, Musk had a cameo as the pilot of his own plane, opening the door for the Captain (Robert Duvall) and escorting Nick Naylor (Aaron Eckhart) aboard. In Iron Man 2 (2010), he met Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) in a restaurant, and had some brief lines regarding an "idea for an electric jet". In 2014, he was satirized in the South Park episode "Handicar". He later made a guest appearance in three more episodes of South Park in 2016, this time voicing himself in the episodes "Members Only", "Not Funny", and "The End of Serialization as We Know It." In January 2015, he made a guest appearance playing himself on The Simpsons in an episode titled "The Musk Who Fell to Earth"; the episode poked fun at many of the inventor's ideas.[224]
In November 2015, Musk appeared in an episode of The Big Bang Theory, playing himself, volunteering at a soup kitchen with Howard.[225] In 2016 Musk was referenced by Dr. Martin Stein on The CW time-travel TV show DC's Legends of Tomorrow. During a time travel to the past, Stein meets his younger self and introduced himself as Elon Musk, to disguise his own identity.[226] Following the same TV universe on The CW, in the DC Superhero series The Flash, one of the characters[who?] quoted that he wished he'd be like Elon Musk on alternate universes.[citation needed]
Musk was also featured in the 2015 environmental documentary Racing Extinction, in which a custom Tesla Model S was designed to help project images of critically endangered species onto public buildings, including the Empire State Building and the Vatican.[227]
In 2016 Musk appeared as himself in the romantic comedy film Why Him? where he was briefly met by one of the main characters, Ned Flemming played by Bryan Cranston, in a bar at a party.[228]
References


^ "Billionaire Tesla CEO Elon Musk Buys Neighbor's Home in Bel Air For Million". Forbes. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ "Inside Elon Musk's M Bel Air Mansion". Bloomberg News. Retrieved August 21, 2013. 
^ Hull, Dana (April 11, 2014). "Timeline: Elon Musk's accomplishments". Retrieved June 11, 2015 – via Mercury News. 
^ Zanerhaft, Jaron (2013). "Elon Musk: Patriarchs and Prodigies". CSQ. C-Suite Quarterly. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ "The World's Billionaires List". Forbes. Retrieved July 25, 2017. 
^ "Actor Talulah Riley files to divorce billionaire Elon Musk, again". The Guardian. March 21, 2016. Retrieved April 20, 2016. The pair first married in 2010 and divorced in 2012. They remarried 18 months later. 
^ a b "Elon Musk withdraws Talulah Riley divorce papers after being spotted at Allen & Company conference". Mail Online. August 5, 2015. 
^ Curtis, Sophie (November 10, 2014). "Elon Musk 'to launch fleet of internet satellites'". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved June 23, 2015. Elon Musk, inventor and business magnate 
^ Vance, Ashlee (September 13, 2012). "Elon Musk, the 21st Century Industrialist". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved June 23, 2015. 
^ "Early Career Engineers, Conferences and Careers". asme.org. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Bellis, Mary. "Biography of Elon Musk". inventors.about.com. About.com. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ "The Top 10 Venture Capitalists on 2014's Midas List". Forbes. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Albergotti, Reed (March 21, 2014). "Zuckerberg, Musk Invest in Artificial Intelligence Company". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Love, Dylan (March 21, 2014). "Elon Musk And Mark Zuckerberg Have Invested Million in a Mysterious Artificial Intelligence Company". Business Insider. Business Insider. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ [11][12][13][14]
^ Shanklin, Emily (27 March 2017). "Elon Musk". SpaceX. Retrieved 17 June 2017. 
^ Martin LaMonica (September 21, 2009). "Tesla Motors founders: Now there are five". CNET. 
^ "A Brief history of Tesla". Tech Crunch. January 4, 2013. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Tesla was founded not by Elon Musk, but rather by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning in July 2003. The two bootstrapped the fledgling auto company until Elon Musk led the company's  million Series A financing round in February 2004, when Musk became the company's Chairman of the Board. 
^ Hardy, Quentin; Bilton, Nick (March 16, 2014). "Start-Ups Aim to Conquer Space Market". The New York Times. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Space Exploration Technologies, or Space X, started by the Tesla founder Elon Musk 
^ "Trust Your Own Focus Group of One". Entrepreneur.com. April 11, 2014. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Elon Musk, founder of PayPal, Tesla and SpaceX 
^ [17][18][19][20]
^ "Elon Musk". Forbes.com. Retrieved 21 March 2017. 
^ a b "The World's Most Powerful People". Forbes. December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Youtube Video - Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity". 
^ Why Invest In Making Life Multi-Planetary? Elon Musk. December 13, 2011. Retrieved February 21, 2016 – via YouTube. 
^ Ross Andersen (September 30, 2014). "Elon Musk puts his case for a multi-planet civilisation". Aeon. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ Jonathan Charlton. "Elon Musk 'Toying' with Designs for Electric Jet". Aviation.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk on dodging a nervous breakdown (2013). YouTube. March 16, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk (South African entrepreneur)". Britannica Online Encyclopedia. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ a b His Biography author Ashlee Vance interviewed on the TV show Triangulation on the TWiT.tv network, discussion of his family starts around the 15th minute
^ Friend, Tad (2009). "Plugged In". The New Yorker. 85 (23–30): 53. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ Masia, Seth (May 2011). "A Family Leads to the Installer Universe". Solar Today. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ a b Elliott, Hannah (March 3, 2012). "At Home With Elon Musk: The (Soon-to-Be) Bachelor Billionaire". Forbes. Retrieved August 12, 2013. 
^ [30][31][32][33]
^ a b Hall, Dana (April 11, 2014). "Rocket Man: The otherworldly ambitions of Elon Musk". San Jose Mercury News. Retrieved April 14, 2014. 
^ Hannah Elliott. "At Home With Elon Musk: The (Soon-to-Be) Bachelor Billionaire". Forbes. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ "Tweet". February 5, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g Vance, Ashlee (2015). Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future. ISBN 978-0062301239. 
^ a b Pierre Haski (May 28, 2015). "Elon Musk (Tesla, SpaceX): génie ou prédateur de la Silicon Valley?" (in French). rue89.nouvelobs.com. 
^ a b "Play the PC game Elon Musk wrote as a pre-teen". 
^ a b Belfiore, Michael (2007). "Chapter 7: Orbit on a Shoestring". Rocketeers. Harper Collins. pp. 166–95. ISBN 978-0-06-114902-3. 
^ "Blastar for HTML5". blastar-1984.appspot.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ a b "37 Interesting Facts about Elon Musk, One of the Most Innovative Entrepreneurs of Our Time". BoomsBeat.com. February 14, 2014. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Davis, Johnny (August 4, 2007). "One more giant leap". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ Diggelen, Alison van (February 7, 2013). "Iron Man, Growing up in South Africa". Fresh Dialogues. Retrieved November 1, 2013. I actually filled out the forms for her and got her a Canadian passport, and me too. Within three weeks of getting my Canadian passport, I was in Canada. 
^ Robin Keats (2013). "Rocket man". Queen's University. Archived from the original on May 4, 2015. 
^ Inspirations with Elon Musk. OnInnovation. Retrieved June 24, 2010. 
^ Junod, Tom (November 15, 2012). "Triumph of His Will". Esquire. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ Clark, Steve (September 27, 2014). "SpaceX chief: Commercial launch sites necessary step to Mars". Brownsville Herald. Retrieved September 30, 2014. 
^ a b Friedman, Josh (April 22, 2003), "Entrepreneur Tries His Midas Touch in Space", Los Angeles Times 
^ a b c "Elon Musk Biography". Advameg. August 23, 2005. 
^ a b Kidder, David; Hoffman, Reid (2013). The Startup Playbook: Secrets of the Fastest Growing Start-Ups from the founding Entrepreneurs. San Francisco, CA: Chronicle Books. pp. 2224–228. ISBN 978-1452105048. 
^ Junnarkar, Sandeep (February 16, 1999). "Compaq buys Zip2". CNET. 
^ Jackson, Erik (2004). The PayPal Wars. Los Angeles, CA: World Ahead Publishing. pp. 40, 69, 130, 163. 
^ Musk, Elon (October 8, 2003). Success Through Viral Marketing: PayPal. Entrepreneurial Thought Leaders Lecture. 
^ "The PayPal Mafia". Fortune. Retrieved July 4, 2015. 
^ "SEC 10-K" (PDF). eBay. December 31, 2002. 
^ "SEC 10-K". Paypal. December 31, 2001. 
^ McKnight, John Carter (September 25, 2001). "Elon Musk, Life to Mars Foundation". Mars Now, a weekly column. Space Frontier Foundation. 
^ Musk, Elon. "Risky Business". IEEE Spectrum. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
^ a b Vance, Ashlee (May 14, 2015). "Elon Musk's space dream almost killed Tesla". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved June 7, 2015. 
^ "How Steve Jurvetson Saved Elon Musk". Business Insider. September 14, 2012. 
^ SpaceX and Daring to Think Big – Steve Jurvetson. YouTube. January 28, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk (September 8, 2006). "SpaceX wins NASA competition to replace Space Shuttle". SpaceX. 
^ Wayne, Leslie (February 5, 2006). "A Bold Plan to Go Where Men Have Gone Before". The New York Times. Retrieved February 16, 2015. 
^ California Business Search (C2414622 - Space Exploration Technologies Corp) 
^ SpaceX 
^ Harwood, William (May 31, 2012). "SpaceX Dragon returns to Earth, ends historic trip". CBS News. Retrieved August 3, 2013. 
^ COTS 2006 Demo Competition. NASA (accessed August 26, 2014); and announcement "Commercial Orbital Transportation Services Demonstrations". January 18, 2006 (accessed August 26, 2014)
^ "NASA Awards Space Station Commercial Resupply Services Contracts". nasa.gov. NASA. 23 December 2008. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "Boeing And SpaceX Win Billion In NASA Contracts". NPR.org. National Public Radio. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "SpaceX rocket in historic upright landing". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ O'Kane, Sean (2016-05-27). "SpaceX successfully lands a Falcon 9 rocket at sea for the third time". The Verge. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "Is SpaceX Changing the Rocket Equation?". airspacemag.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Clark, Stephen. "100th Merlin 1D engine flies on Falcon 9 rocket – Spaceflight Now". Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "SpaceX completes 100th Merlin 1D Engine". SpaceX. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Carroll, Roy (July 17, 2013). "Elon Musk's mission to Mars". The Guardian. London, UK. Retrieved July 23, 2013. 
^ a b "75 most influential people: Elon Musk". Esquire. October 1, 2008. 
^ "Space Exploration Technologies Corporation Press Release". SpaceX. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ "Elon Musk: I'll Put a Man on Mars in 10 Years". Market Watch. New York. April 22, 2011. Archived from the original on December 1, 2011. Retrieved December 1, 2011. 
^ Elon Musk speaks at the Hyperloop Pod Award Ceremony (2016.1.30). January 31, 2016. Retrieved February 21, 2016 – via YouTube. 
^ "SpaceX Will Launch Private Mars Missions as Soon as 2018". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ Davenport, Christian (2016-06-13). "Elon Musk provides new details on his ‘mind blowing’ mission to Mars". Washington Post. Retrieved 2016-06-14. 
^ Chang, Kenneth (27 September 2016). "Elon Musk’s Plan: Get Humans to Mars, and Beyond". New York Times. Retrieved 27 September 2016. 
^ Lambert, Fred (November 16, 2016). "Elon Musk’s stake in SpaceX is actually worth more than his Tesla shares". Electrek. Retrieved November 17, 2016. 
^ Burns, Matt (October 8, 2014). "A Brief History of Tesla". TechCrunch. TechCrunch.com. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Nordqvist, Joseph (February 12, 2014). "Tesla Motors Inc.—Company Information". Market Business News. Archived from the original on February 12, 2014. Retrieved April 16, 2014. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 2, 2006). "The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan (just between you and me) No. 124". Tesla Motors. Archived from the original on August 2, 2010. Retrieved October 3, 2010. [self-published source]
^ Musk, Elon. "CEO Elon Musk". Tesla Motors. Retrieved October 20, 2010. 
^ Morrison, Chris (October 15, 2008). "Musk steps in as CEO". The New York Times. 
^ Graham Ruddick. "Tesla's Model X electric car spreads falcon wings at US launch". the Guardian. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Tesla Model X: Not a model launch". Fortune. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Model X". Tesla Motors. October 29, 2012. 
^ Joann Muller (June 1, 2013). "What Do Toyota And Mercedes See in Tesla? A Bit of Themselves". Forbes.com. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 2, 2006). "The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan (just between you and me)". Tesla Motors. 
^ Hamilton, Tyler (October 12, 2009). "Tesla CEO following in Henry Ford's tracks". Toronto Star. Archived from the original on October 17, 2009. 
^ Del Ray, Jason (May 29, 2013), Musk: You'll Be Able to Drive Your Tesla Cross-Country by Year's End With Supercharger Expansion, All Things D 
^ Claudia Assis; Jeremy C. Owens. "Elon Musk exercises Tesla options, pays million tax bill with own cash". MarketWatch. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ Chris Ziegler (January 29, 2016). "Elon Musk bought million more worth of Tesla this week". The Verge. Vox Media. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ "Tesla's Elon Musk worked for free last year". Fortune. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Durisin, Megan (August 10, 2013). "Musk get US$4.3 million of stock options for Model X work". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ "All Our Patent Are Belong To You". Tesla Motors. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Dana Hull (2016-02-19). "Musk Gets Tesla.com Domain Name After Waiting a Decade". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 2016-03-22. 
^ "Management Team". SolarCity. 
^ Kanellos, Michael (February 15, 2008). "Newsmaker: Elon Musk on rockets, sports cars, and solar power". CNET. 
^ "2013 Top 250 Solar Contractors". Solar Power World. September 13, 2013. 
^ The unveiling of the Tesla Motors Electric Car. Autoblog. Retrieved July 26, 2006. 
^ a b Diggelen, Alison van. "Tesla and SolarCity Collaborate on Clean Energy Storage". KQED. Retrieved June 25, 2012. 
^ Aaron Smith (June 17, 2014). "Elon Musk's sunny plans for Buffalo". CNNMoney. 
^ "Tesla Makes Offer to Acquire SolarCity". www.teslamotors.com. Retrieved 2016-06-22. 
^ "Beyond the hype of Hyperloop: An analysis of Elon Musk's proposed transit system". Gizmag.com. August 22, 2013. Retrieved August 23, 2013. 
^ Ashlee Vance. "Revealed: Elon Musk Explains the Hyperloop, the Solar-Powered High-Speed Future of Inter-City Transportation". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved April 27, 2016. 
^ "Hyperloop Update: Elon Musk Will Start Developing It Himself". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2016-03-22. 
^ "Musk announces plans to build Hyperloop demonstrator". gizmag.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 12, 2013). "Hyperloop Alpha" (PDF). SpaceX. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 12, 2013). "Hyperloop". Tesla. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ "Hyperloop Designed for Quick, Convenient Commute". ABC News. March 9, 2013. Retrieved August 15, 2013. 
^ "Hyperloop". SpaceX. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ Mazza, Sandy (January 29, 2017). "Hyperloop competition brings new mass-transit technology to life in Hawthorne". Daily Bulletin. 
^ Hawkins, Andrew J. (2017-07-14). "Talking to Hyperloop One about its big ‘Kitty Hawk’ moment — and what comes next". The Verge. Retrieved 2017-07-14. 
^ "Elon Musk Says He Has 'Verbal' OK To Build N.Y.-D.C. Hyperloop". NPR.org. Retrieved 2017-07-25. 
^ Markoff, John (December 11, 2015). "Artificial-Intelligence Research Center Is Founded by Silicon Valley Investors". The New York Times. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ Levy, Steven (December 11, 2015). "How Elon Musk and Y Combinator Plan to Stop Computers From Taking Over". Medium/Backchannel. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk launches Neuralink, a venture to merge the human brain with AI". The Verge. 2017-03-27. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Golson, Jordan (2017-01-25). "Elon Musk: "Without tunnels, we will all be in traffic hell forever"". The Verge. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ "Elon Musk Will Begin Digging His "Boring Company" Tunnel in About A Month". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ Parnell, Brid-Aine. "Elon Musk Teases Traffic-Busting Tunneling Firm 'The Boring Co.'". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ Solon, Olivia (January 26, 2017). "Elon Musk to dig tunnel to ease traffic in LA, but he doesn't yet have permission" – via The Guardian. 
^ Mazza, Sandy. "Elon Musk wants to start digging a traffic-relieving tunnel in Hawthorne ‘in a month or so’". Los Angeles Daily Times. Retrieved 2017-01-28. 
^ Chafkin, Max (16 February 2017). "Elon Musk Is Really Boring". Bloomberg. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ Heathman, Amelia. "Elon Musk's boring machine has already built a 'test trench' in LA". WIRED UK. Retrieved 2017-02-19. 
^ Werber, Cassie. "Elon Musk says tax-free carbon is "the dumbest experiment in history"". Quartz. Retrieved 30 August 2016. 
^ "Taxpayer Subsidies Helped Tesla Motors, So Why Does Elon Musk Slam Them?". Mother Jones. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Harkinson, Josh (September 2013). "Taxpayer Subsidies Helped Tesla Motors, So Why Does Elon Musk Slam Them?". Mother Jones. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Hirsch, Jerry (May 30, 2015). "Elon Musk's growing empire is fuelled by  billion in government subsidies". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved June 2, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk: The Way Of The Future". YouTube. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Team, The Transition (December 14, 2016). "President-Elect Trump Announces Additional Members of President’s Strategic and Policy Forum". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Elon Musk and the chief executive of Uber are now advising Donald Trump". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Donald Trump Adds Elon Musk, Travis Kalanick, and Indra Nooyi to His Team of Advisers". December 14, 2016. Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ OConnell, Justin (December 23, 2016). "Elon Musk, Appointed to Trump's Team of Advisories, Thinks Bitcoin Is a "Good Thing" - CryptoCoinsNews". CryptoCoinsNews. Retrieved April 16, 2017. 
^ "Elon Musk just got more involved with Trump's administration". businessinsider.com. Retrieved January 29, 2017. 
^ "US quits Paris climate pact: Reaction from around the world following the US president's decision on the Paris accord". Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ "Elon Musk anouncing departing presidential councils on Twitter". Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ Wattenberg, Ben. "Elon Musk and the frontier of Technology". Think Tank. PBS.org. Retrieved June 12, 2015. 
^ Strange, Adario (2016-11-05). "Elon Musk thinks universal income is answer to automation taking human jobs". mashable.com. Retrieved 2017-02-06. 
^ "Elon Musk on Trump presidency: 'I don't think he's the right guy'". businessinsider.in. Retrieved March 21, 2017. 
^ Lee, Dave (2017-01-26). "Elon Musk: I'm Trump's voice of reason". BBC News. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ a b "Elon Musk, SpaceX Founder, Battles Entrenched Rivals Over NASA Contracts". The Huffington Post. February 20, 2013. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ "Obama and Congress at odds over Elon Musk". fightforvotes.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Timothy P. Carney, "Carney: Green stimulus profiteer comes under IRS scrutiny", WashingtonExaminer.com, October 14, 2012.
^ a b "SpaceX blasts off literally and politically". Sunlight Foundation. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Salant, Jonathan D. (September 27, 2013). "Billionaires Battle as Bezos-Musk Companies Vie for Launch Pad". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg Business. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ Steven Kovach, "Elon Musk Says He Quit Mark Zuckerberg's PAC Because It Was Too Cynical", BusinessInsider.com, May 31, 2013.
^ a b Becker, Sean (December 11, 2013). "Elon Musk Donated to Anti-Science Republicans". Mic. Policy.Mic. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ "Going to Mars with Elon Musk". OnInnovation.com. June 2008. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ a b "Elon Musk and Rainn Wilson discuss colonizing Mars, global warming, and the fear of failure". The Verge. March 19, 2013. Retrieved June 12, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk, CEO and CTO, Space Exploration Technologies Corp (SpaceX), Peter Diamandis, CEO, X Prize Foundation and John Doerr, Venture Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers". YouTube. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Anderson, Ross (September 30, 2014). "The Elon Musk Interview on Mars Colonization". Aeon. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Gibbs, Samuel (October 27, 2014). "Elon Musk: artificial intelligence is our biggest existential threat". The Guardian. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking think we should ban killer robots". Washington Post. July 28, 2015. Archived from the original on March 8, 2016. Retrieved January 5, 2017. 
^ a b Kosoff, Maya (January 15, 2015). "Elon Musk Is Donating Million To Keep Killer Robots From Taking Over The World". Business Insider. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ Muoio, Danielle (December 11, 2015). "Elon Musk just announced a new artificial intelligence research company". Tech Insider. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Hern, Alex (June 18, 2014). "Elon Musk says he invested in DeepMind over 'Terminator' fears". Retrieved June 10, 2015 – via The Guardian. 
^ "We are living in a computer simulation, Elon Musk says". The Independent. 2016-06-02. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ Matt Hardigree. "Elon Musk Explains How He Wrecked An Uninsured Million McLaren F1". Jalopnik. 
^ Wayne, Leslie (February 5, 2006). "A Bold Plan to Go Where Men Have Gone Before". The New York Times. 
^ FlightAware. "Aircraft Registration N900SK". Retrieved June 25, 2012. 
^ Chris Woodyard,"Tesla's Elon Musk buys 007's sub to make it real", USAToday.com, October 18, 2013; accessed November 13, 2013.
^ "Tosca Musk profile at". Musk entertainment. 
^ Achenbach, Joel. "Elon Musk Wants to Go to Mars" National Geographic November 2016. p. 41.
^ "Elon Musk and SolarCity Donate Solar Power Project to Coastal Response Center in Alabama". Enhanced Online News. Business Wire. 
^ "Elon Musk Donates Solar Power Project to Soma City in Fukushima Prefecture, Japan". BusinessWire.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
^ "What it's like to own a Tesla Model S – Part 2 – The Oatmeal". theoatmeal.com. 
^ Greg Kumparak. "Elon Musk Donates Million to the Oatmeal's Nikola Tesla Museum". TechCrunch. AOL. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk donates M to keep AI beneficial, Future of Life Institute, 2015, retrieved January 20, 2015 
^ "Elon Musk Donates M To Make Sure AI Doesn't Go The Way of Skynet". Mashable. 2015. Retrieved June 21, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk". XPRIZE. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Kroll, Luisa (April 19, 2012). "The Giving Pledge Signs on 12 More Wealthy Americans Including Tesla's Elon Musk And Home Depot's Arthur Blank". Forbes. 
^ Durand Streisand, Elizabeth. "A Look at Elon Musk's Rocky Romantic History". Yahoo. Retrieved 29 May 2017. 
^ Junod, Justine (November 14, 2012). "Elon Musk: Triumph of His Will". Esquire. Retrieved November 28, 2012. 
^ Elliott, Hannah. "Elon Musk – In Photos: Forbes Life Elon Musk". Forbes. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Lai, Jennifer (January 19, 2012). "Elon Musk Divorce: Announces Split From Talulah Riley On Twitter". The Huffington Post. Retrieved July 23, 2013. 
^ "Elon Musk Divorce: Announces Split From Talulah Riley On Twitter", The Huffington Post, January 19, 2012.
^ "Billionaire Elon Musk's wife files for divorce", Mashable.com, March 21, 2016.
^ Kimble, Lindsay (November 18, 2016). "lon Musk and Talulah Riley Are Divorced for a Second Time". People. Retrieved April 24, 2017. 
^ Musk, Elon (2017-06-06). "A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!". twitter. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Australian Government. "Zolpidem ("Stilnox") – updated information – February 2008". www.tga.gov.au. Archived from the original on 2007-08-12. Retrieved 2009-06-22. 
^ Matyszczyk, Chris (2017-06-07). "Elon Musk's strange, strange Ambien tweet". CNET. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Tan, Yvette (2017-06-07). "Elon Musk's weird Ambien tweets are back". Mashable. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; Ferguson, Joshua Willard; Zalan, Daryl; Van Dyke, Christopher Hugo (November 12, 2013), United States Patent: 8579635 - Funnel shaped charge inlet, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; Ferguson, Joshua Willard; Zalan, Daryl; Van Dyke, Christopher Hugo (March 10, 2015), United States Patent: D724031 - Vehicle charge inlet, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; von Holzhausen, Franz; Lee, Bernard; Imai, David Tadashi (May 28, 2013), United States Patent: D683268 - Vehicle, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; von Holzhausen, Franz; Lee, Bernard (March 19, 2013), United States Patent: D678154 - Vehicle door, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Priorities in Space Science Enabled by Nuclear Power And Propulsion. The National Academies Press. 2006. ISBN 9780309180108. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Rocket Man". R&D. September 4, 2007. Retrieved April 20, 2016. 
^ Chafkin, Max (December 1, 2007). "Entrepreneur of the Year, 2007: Elon Musk". inc.com. 
^ "Tesla Roadster". Index. 2007. Archived from the original on January 18, 2012. 
^ "Tesla Motors team". Tesla Motors. 
^ "SpaceX successfully launches Falcon 1 to orbit". Space Exploration Technologies Corp. 2008. 
^ "Connie Awards". National Wildlife Federation. 2008. Archived from the original on June 29, 2009. 
^ Michels, Jennifer (March 4, 2009). "Aviation Week Reveals Laureate Award Winners". Aviation Week. 
^ "Space Community Gathers at National Space Society's ISDC 2009" (Press release). National Space Society. June 17, 2009. 
^ "Automotive Executive of the Year". DNV Certification. 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Favreau, Jon (April 29, 2010). "The 2010 Time 100". Time. 
^ "Barron Hilton and Elon Musk honoured with the highest FAI awards". Fédération Aéronautique Internationale. December 16, 2010. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ "Living Legend of Aviation Awards". Kittie Hawk Air Academy. 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Caltech Elects Two Innovators to Board of Trustees". 
^ "Trustee List". The California Institute of Technology. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ "Space Foundation Survey Reveals Broad Range of Space Heroes". 
^ Smith, Jacquelyn (February 14, 2011). "America's 20 Most Powerful CEOs 40 And Under". Forbes. Retrieved February 18, 2011. To make this list, you had to be the chief executive of one of the 20 biggest publicly traded companies in the U.S. (as of Feb. 11, by market capitalization) with a CEO aged 40 or under. 
^ Dula, Art (June 16, 2011). "Heinlein Prize Honors Elon Musk of SpaceX". The Heinlein Prize. 
^ "2011 Churchill Club Awards". 
^ "2012 RAeS Gold Medal". 
^ Jonathan Welsh (November 21, 2013). "Tesla's Elon Musk is Fortune Businessperson of the Year". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "IEEE Honorary Membership Recipients" (PDF). IEEE. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ "Social Concepts, Inc: We connect people ™". socialconcepts.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk Named Most Influential Person In The Car Business Teslarati, Retrieved 11 May 2016.
^ "The top 10 business visionaries creating value for the world". Business Insider. Business Insider Inc. 
^ "Philanthropists & Social Entrepreneurs Top 200: From Elon Musk to Melinda Gates, These Are the Most Influential Do-Gooders in the World". Richtopia. Retrieved 29 March 2017. 
^ "200 most influential philanthropists in the world". Naij. Retrieved 31 March 2017. 
^ "Graduation show, Art Center College of Design". Cumulusassociation.org. November 23, 2010. Retrieved August 15, 2013. 
^ Surrey celebrates its honorary graduates, Surrey celebrates graduation 2015, Surrey Graduate, Surrey Alumni Society (Autumn/Winter 2009)[dead link]
^ SEAS Celebrates Class of 2015, Honors Innovators Elon Musk and Dean Kamen, 314th commencement (Spring 2015)
^ "Elon Musk SpaceX Tesla on the Simpsons – Business Insider". Business Insider. January 27, 2015. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ "Tesla CEO Elon Musk To Appear On Upcoming Episode Of The Big Bang Theory - CBS.com". CBS. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ "‘DC’s Legends of Tomorrow’ Power Rankings, Week 2: Burn, Baby, Burn – Observer". Observer. January 29, 2016. Retrieved February 7, 2016. 
^ Field, Kyle. "Tesla Stars In "Racing Extinction" Documentary". CleanTechnica. Retrieved 11 July 2016. 
^ Bova, Dan. "'Why Him?' Director on Elon Musk's Amazing 'I Can't Come to Work Today' Excuse". entrepreneur.com. Retrieved January 29, 2017. 


Further reading

Vance, Ashlee. Elon Musk: How the Billionaire CEO of SpaceX and Tesla is Shaping our Future. Virgin Books (2015). ISBN 9780753555620. Afterthoughts by Ashlee Vance

External links

Find more aboutElon Muskat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity
Data from Wikidata



Elon Musk on IMDb
SolarCity official website
SpaceX official website
Tesla official website
Paypal official website
Open AI official website

Articles

Gimien, Mark (August 17, 1999). "Fast Track". Salon. 
Statement of Elon Musk at House Space and Aeronautics Subcommittee Hearings on the Future Market for Commercial Space (2005)
History of PayPal, gawker.com (2007)
Bailey, Brandon (2010). "Elon Musk: Will his Silicon Valley story have a Hollywood ending?". San Jose Mercury News. 
"Science Fiction Books That Inspired Elon Musk", MediaBistro.com, March 19, 2013.
"Elon Musk’s Space Dream Almost Killed Tesla" (Bloomberg, 2015)

Interviews

Appearances on C-SPAN
"An interview with Elon Musk". HobbySpace. August 5, 2003. 
"Lift off with Elon Musk". Carte Blanche. September 4, 2005. Archived from the original on September 28, 2007. 
Bergin, Chris (January 20, 2006). "SpaceX's Musk and Thompson Q and A". nasaspaceflight.com. 
Video interview of Elon Musk by Zadi Diaz of EPIC FU, June 17, 2008. Retrieved April 27, 2014
Gray, Sadie (January 4, 2009). "Forget the bungalow, retire to Mars". Sunday Times. London, UK. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
Musk profile onInnovation.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014
An interview at the Founders Showcase, August 5, 2010
Elon Musk: 'I'm planning to retire to Mars', video interview for The Guardian, August 1, 2010
60 Minutes interview; March 18, 2012.
A 20 minute interview about sending humans to Mars with BBC's Jonathan Amos, March 20, 2012
Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity, ted.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014
Musk, Elon (January 6, 2015). "I am Elon Musk, CEO/CTO of a rocket company, AMA!". Reddit.com. Retrieved January 7, 2015. 
Elon Musk Powers Up: Inside Tesla's Billion Gigafactory Fast Company (magazine), November 2015
Elon Musk Profiled, Bloomberg Risk Takers (45min) - same video on YouTube
Elon Musk: The future we're building — and boring, ted.com. Retrieved May 7, 2017



Biography portal
Business and economics portal
Cars portal
Ecology portal
Space portal
United States portal








v
t
e


Elon Musk



Companies



Zip2 (1995–1999)
PayPal (1999–2002)
SpaceX (2002–present)
Tesla Motors (2004–present)
SolarCity (2006–present)
OpenAI (2015–present)
The Boring Company (2016–present)
Neuralink (2017–present)





Other endeavors



Hyperloop
Wet Nellie





Family



Maye Musk (mother)
Justine Musk (first wife)
Talulah Riley (second and third wife)
Kimbal Musk (brother)
Tosca Musk (sister)
Lyndon Rive (cousin, CEO of SolarCity)









 Category
 WikiQuote
 Commons













v
t
e


Tesla, Inc.



People



Elon Musk (CEO, Chief Product Architect)
JB Straubel (CTO)
Franz von Holzhausen (Chief Designer)
Martin Eberhard (co-founder, inaugural CEO)








Products




Sedans



Model S
Model 3





Crossovers/SUVs



Model X





Sports cars



Roadster (discontinued)





Others



Powerwall
Autopilot








Collaborations



Mercedes A-Class E-Cell
Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive
Smart electric drive
RAV4 EV Second generation





Facilities



Tesla Factory
Gigafactory 1
Gigafactory Europe
Superchargers and battery-swapping stations
SolarCity Gigafactory





Other



History

Timeline


Dealership disputes
SolarCity









 Category
 Commons













v
t
e


PayPal Mafia



Individuals



Peter Thiel
Reid Hoffman
Max Levchin
Ken Howery
Luke Nosek
Elon Musk
Steve Chen
Keith Rabois
Chad Hurley
Roelof Botha
Jawed Karim
Yishan Wong
Eric M. Jackson
David O. Sacks
Premal Shah
Russel Simmons
Jeremy Stoppelman





Companies founded
or co-founded



PayPal
LinkedIn
YouTube
Slide.com
Yelp
Geni.com
Yammer
SpaceX
Tesla, Inc.
Palantir Technologies
Kiva.org





Investments



Friendster
Facebook
Powerset
Vator
Six Apart
Zynga
IronPort
Flickr
Digg
Grockit
Ooma
Quantcast
RapLeaf
SmartDrive Systems
TransferWise
Ping.fm
Nanosolar
Knewton
Kongregate
Last.fm
TokBox
Xoom
Joost





Funds



Founders Fund
Clarium Capital
Greylock Partners
Sequoia Capital





Other



The PayPal Wars
Thank You for Smoking
The Stanford Review












v
t
e


SpaceX



Vehicles





Rockets






Current




Falcon 9

Full Thrust








In development




Falcon 9 Block 5
Falcon Heavy
ITS launch vehicle






Retired




Falcon 1
Falcon 9

v1.0
v1.1








Cancelled




Falcon 1e
Falcon 5
Falcon 9 Air









Test vehicles




Grasshopper (retired)
F9R Dev1† (destroyed)
DragonFly






Spacecraft




Dragon
Dragon 2
Interplanetary Spaceship
ITS tanker






Reusable hardware




Recovered boosters

B1019


Reused boosters

B1021
B1029


Reused capsules

C106













Engines



Merlin (1A, 1B, 1C, 1D, Vacuum)
Kestrel
Draco
SuperDraco
Raptor
Methalox thruster





Missions





Falcon 1




Demo 1† (FalconSAT-2)
Demo 2† (DemoSat)
Flight 3†

Trailblazer
PRESat
NanoSail-D
Explorers


Ratsat
RazakSAT






Falcon 9






Demonstration flights




Dragon Spacecraft Qualification Unit
NASA COTS Demo Flight 1
Dragon C2+






Dragon ISS logistics




CRS-1
CRS-2
CRS-3
CRS-4
CRS-5
CRS-6
CRS-7†
CRS-8
CRS-9
CRS-10
CRS-11
CRS-12
CRS-13
CRS-14
CRS-15
CRS-16
CRS-17
CRS-18
CRS-19
CRS-20
(missions contracted up to CRS-26)






Commercial satellites




SES-8
Thaicom 6
Orbcomm OG2 × 6
AsiaSat 8
AsiaSat 6
ABS-3A / Eutelsat 115 West B
TürkmenÄlem 52°E
Orbcomm OG2 × 11
SES-9
JCSAT-14
Thaicom 8
ABS-2A / Eutelsat 117 West B
JCSAT-16
Amos-6†
Iridium NEXT 1–10
EchoStar 23
SES-10
Inmarsat-5 F4
BulgariaSat-1
Iridium NEXT 11–20
Intelsat 35e
SES-11
Iridium NEXT 21–30
Koreasat 5A
Iridium NEXT 31–40
Paz
Bangabandhu-1
Iridium NEXT 41–50
SES-16 / GovSat-1
Hispasat 30W-6






Scientific satellites




CASSIOPE
DSCOVR
Jason-3
FormoSat-5
SAOCOM 1A






Military satellites




NROL-76
X-37B OTV-5









Falcon Heavy




Demo Flight
ArabSat 6A
USAF STP-2

DSX
FormoSat-7
LightSail 2
GPIM
DSAC
ISAT


Moon tourists
ViaSat 3
Red Dragon








Launch sites





Orbital




Cape Canaveral, Florida

CCAFS Launch Complex 40
Kennedy Launch Pad 39A


Vandenberg, California

Launch Complex 4E


Brownsville, Texas

Boca Chica


Kwajalein, Marshall Islands

Omelek Island†








Suborbital




McGregor test site
New Mexico test site†








Landing sites



Autonomous spaceport drone ships
Landing Zone 1, Cape Canaveral
Launch Complex 4W, Vandenberg





Other facilities



Headquarters and factory (Hawthorne, California)
Rocket development and test facility (McGregor, Texas)
Satellite development facility (Redmond, Washington)
Regional offices (Chantilly, Houston, Seattle, Washington DC)





Contracts



Commercial Orbital Transportation Services (COTS)
Commercial Resupply Services (CRS)
Commercial Crew Development (CCDev)
Commercial Crew integrated Capability (CCiCap)





R&D programs



SpaceX reusable launch system development program
Falcon 9 first-stage landing tests
Interplanetary Transport System
Red Dragon
SpaceX satellite constellation





People



Elon Musk (CEO, CTO)
Gwynne Shotwell (President & COO)
Tom Mueller (Vice President of Propulsion Development)






Italics indicate unflown vehicles and future missions or sites. † denotes failed missions, destroyed vehicles and abandoned sites.







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 306339060
LCCN: n2014017754
ISNI: 0000 0004 2658 2862
GND: 1062481119
NDL: 001156447










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Elon_Musk&oldid=792423717"					
Categories: Elon Musk1971 births20th-century American businesspeople20th-century American engineers21st-century American businesspeople21st-century American engineersAlumni of Pretoria Boys High SchoolAmerican aerospace businesspeopleAmerican aerospace designersAmerican aerospace engineersAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican chief executives in the automobile industryAmerican chief executives of energy companiesAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican chief executives of manufacturing companiesAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer programmersAmerican corporate directorsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican founders of automobile manufacturersAmerican inventorsAmerican investorsAmerican libertariansAmerican nonprofit executivesAmerican people of British descentAmerican people of Canadian descentAmerican philanthropistsAmerican software engineersAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersAmerican transhumanistsAmerican transportation businesspeopleAutomotive pioneersBasic income proponentsBusinesspeople from Los AngelesBusinesspeople in softwareCalifornia Institute of Technology trusteesChief technology officersEngineers from CaliforniaGiving PledgersLiving peopleHyperloopPayPal peoplePeople associated with solar powerPeople from PretoriaPeople with acquired Canadian citizenshipPioneers of rail transportRoyal Aeronautical Society Gold Medal winnersSouth African emigrants to the United StatesSouth African people of Canadian descentSouth African people of British descentSouth African people of German descentSpace advocatesSpaceX peopleStanford University peopleSustainable transport pioneersTesla Inc. peopleTranshumanistsWharton School of the University of Pennsylvania alumniWhite South African peoplePeople with acquired American citizenship21st-century inventors20th-century Canadian businesspeople21st-century Canadian businesspeopleSouth African business executivesCanadian aerospace engineersSouth African engineersCanadian billionairesSouth African billionairesCanadian chief executivesSouth African chief executivesCanadian computer businesspeopleCanadian computer programmersSouth African computer programmersCanadian corporate directorsSouth African corporate directorsCanadian inventorsSouth African inventorsCanadian financial company foundersSouth African company foundersCanadian investorsSouth African investorsCanadian libertariansCanadian nonprofit executivesCanadian people of British descentCanadian people of South African descentCanadian philanthropistsSouth African philanthropistsCanadian software engineersCanadian technology chief executivesCanadian technology company foundersCanadian transhumanistsCanadian people of German descentAmerican people of Pennsylvania Dutch descentHidden categories: CS1 French-language sources (fr)Accuracy disputes from May 2015All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2016Wikipedia semi-protected pagesUse American English from November 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from February 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with failed verificationArticles with failed verification from October 2015Wikipedia articles in need of updating from March 2016All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBoarischBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalegoગુજરાતી한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLumbaartMagyarमैथिलीMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीМонголNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayZazakiŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 12:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Elon Musk - Wikipedia




















 







Elon Musk

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 26 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Elon Musk



A headshot of Elon Musk in 2015.



Born
Elon Reeve Musk
(1971-06-28) June 28, 1971 (age 46)
Pretoria, Transvaal (now Gauteng), South Africa


Residence
Bel Air, Los Angeles, California, U.S.[1][2]


Citizenship



South African (1971–present)
Canadian (1989–present)
American (2002–present)





Alma mater
Queen's University
University of Pennsylvania[3][4]


Occupation
Entrepreneur, Engineer, Inventor, and Investor


Known for
SpaceX, PayPal, Tesla Inc., Hyperloop, SolarCity, OpenAI, The Boring Company, Neuralink, Zip2


Net worth
US$16.1 billion (July 2017)[5]


Title
CEO and CTO of SpaceX
CEO and product architect of Tesla, Inc.
CEO of Neuralink
Chairman of SolarCity
Co-chairman of OpenAI


Spouse(s)



Justine Musk (m. 2000; div. 2008)
Talulah Riley (m. 2010–div. 2012; m. 2013–div. 2016)[6][7]





Children
6


Parent(s)
Maye Musk (mother)
Errol Graham Musk (father)


Relatives
Tosca Musk (sister)
Kimbal Musk (brother)
Lyndon Rive (cousin)


Signature





Elon Reeve Musk (/ˈiːlɒn ˈmʌsk/; born June 28, 1971) is a South African-born Canadian-American business magnate, investor,[8][9] engineer,[10] and inventor.[15]
Elon is the founder, CEO, and CTO of SpaceX; a co-founder,[16] a Series A investor, CEO, and product architect of Tesla Inc.; co-chairman of OpenAI; founder and CEO of Neuralink. He was previously co-founder and chairman of SolarCity; co-founder of Zip2; and founder of X.com, which merged with Confinity and took the name PayPal.[21] As of July 2017, he has an estimated net worth of $16.1 billion, making him the 80th-wealthiest person in the world.[22] In December 2016, Musk was ranked 21st on the Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[23]
Musk has stated that the goals of SolarCity, Tesla, and SpaceX revolve around his vision to change the world and humanity.[24] His goals include reducing global warming through sustainable energy production and consumption, and reducing the "risk of human extinction" by "making life multiplanetary"[25][26] by establishing a human colony on Mars.
In addition to his primary business pursuits, he has also envisioned a high-speed transportation system known as the Hyperloop, and has proposed a VTOL supersonic jet aircraft with electric fan propulsion, known as the Musk electric jet.[27][28]
Elon also proposed the concept of The Boring Company in 2017.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 Early childhood
1.2 Education


2 Career

2.1 Zip2
2.2 X.com and PayPal
2.3 SpaceX
2.4 Tesla
2.5 SolarCity
2.6 Hyperloop
2.7 OpenAI
2.8 Neuralink
2.9 The Boring Company


3 Subsidies
4 Political positions

4.1 Lobbying


5 Opinions

5.1 Destiny and religion
5.2 Extraterrestrial life
5.3 Artificial intelligence


6 Personal life

6.1 Philanthropy
6.2 Family
6.3 Zolpidem usage


7 Patents
8 Awards and recognition

8.1 Honorary doctorates


9 In popular media
10 References
11 Further reading
12 External links

12.1 Articles
12.2 Interviews





Early life
Early childhood
Musk was born on June 28, 1971, in Pretoria, Transvaal, South Africa,[29] the son of Maye Musk (née Haldeman), a model and dietician from Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada;[30] and Errol Musk, a South African electromechanical engineer, pilot and sailor. He has a younger brother, Kimbal (born 1972), and a younger sister, Tosca (born 1974).[34] His paternal grandmother was British, and he also has Pennsylvania Dutch ancestry.[35][36] His maternal grandfather was American, from Minnesota.[37] After his parents divorced in 1980, Musk lived mostly with his father in the suburbs of Pretoria.[35]
During his childhood he was an avid reader.[38]
At age 10, he developed an interest in computing with the Commodore VIC-20.[39] He taught himself computer programming at the age of 12, sold the code for a BASIC-based video game he created called Blastar, to a magazine called PC and Office Technology, for approximately $500.[40][41] A web version of the game is available online.[40][42]
Musk was severely bullied throughout his childhood, and was once hospitalized when a group of boys threw him down a flight of stairs and then beat him until he lost consciousness.[38]
Musk was initially educated at private schools, attending the English-speaking Waterkloof House Preparatory School. Musk later graduated from Pretoria Boys High School and moved to Canada in June 1989, just before his 18th birthday,[43] after obtaining Canadian citizenship through his Canadian-born mother.[44][45]`
Education
At the age of 17, Musk was accepted into Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, for undergraduate study. In 1992, after spending two years at Queen's University, Musk transferred to the University of Pennsylvania, where in May 1997 he received a Bachelor of Science degree in physics from its College of Arts and Sciences, and a Bachelor of Science degree in economics from its Wharton School of Business. Musk extended his studies for one year to finish the second bachelor's degree.[38][46] While at the University of Pennsylvania, Musk and fellow Penn student Adeo Ressi rented a 10-bedroom fraternity house, using it as an unofficial nightclub.[38]
In 1995, at age 24, Musk moved to California to begin a PhD in applied physics and materials science at Stanford University, but left the program after two days to pursue his entrepreneurial aspirations in the areas of the Internet, renewable energy and outer space.[41][47] In 2002, he became a U.S. citizen.[48][49]
Career
Zip2
Main article: Zip2
In 1995, Musk and his brother, Kimbal, started Zip2, a web software company, with US$28,000 of their father's money.[38] The company developed and marketed an Internet "city guide" for the newspaper publishing industry.[50] Musk obtained contracts with The New York Times and the Chicago Tribune[51] and persuaded the board of directors to abandon plans for a merger with CitySearch.[52] While at Zip2, Musk wanted to become CEO; however, none of the board members would allow it.[38] Compaq acquired Zip2 for US$307 million in cash and US$34 million in stock options in February 1999.[53] Musk received US$22 million for his 7% share from the sale.[51]
X.com and PayPal
Main article: PayPal
In March 1999, Musk co-founded X.com, an online financial services and e-mail payment company, with US$10 million from the sale of Zip2.[43][50][52] One year later, the company merged with Confinity,[51][54] which had a money transfer service called PayPal. The merged company focused on the PayPal service and was renamed PayPal in 2001. PayPal's early growth was driven mainly by a viral marketing campaign where new customers were recruited when they received money through the service.[55] Musk was ousted in October 2000 from his role as CEO (although he remained on the board) due to disagreements with other company leadership, notably over his desire to move PayPal's Unix-based infrastructure to Microsoft Windows.[56] In October 2002, PayPal was acquired by eBay for US$1.5 billion in stock, of which Musk received US$165 million.[57] Before its sale, Musk, who was the company's largest shareholder, owned 11.7% of PayPal's shares.[58]
SpaceX
Main article: SpaceX
In 2001, Musk conceptualized "Mars Oasis"; a project to land a miniature experimental greenhouse on Mars, containing food crops growing on Martian regolith, in an attempt to regain public interest in space exploration.[59][60] In October 2001, Musk travelled to Moscow with Jim Cantrell (an aerospace supplies fixer), and Adeo Ressi (his best friend from college), to buy refurbished Dnepr Intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) that could send the envisioned payloads into space. The group met with companies such as NPO Lavochkin and Kosmotras; however, according to Cantrell, Musk was seen as a novice and was consequently spat on by one of the Russian chief designers,[61] and the group returned to the United States empty-handed. In February 2002, the group returned to Russia to look for three ICBMs, bringing along Mike Griffin, who had worked for the CIA's venture capital arm, In-Q-Tel; NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory; and was just leaving Orbital Sciences, a maker of satellites and spacecraft. The group met again with Kosmotras, and were offered one rocket for US$8 million, however, this was seen by Musk as too expensive; Musk consequently stormed out of the meeting. On the flight back from Moscow, Musk realized that he could start a company that could build the affordable rockets he needed.[61] According to early Tesla and SpaceX investor Steve Jurvetson,[62] Musk calculated that the raw materials for building a rocket actually were only 3 percent of the sales price of a rocket at the time. It was concluded that theoretically, by applying vertical integration and the modular approach from software engineering, SpaceX could cut launch price by a factor of ten and still enjoy a 70-percent gross margin.[63] Ultimately, Musk ended up founding SpaceX with the long-term goal of creating a "true spacefaring civilization".[64]




Musk and President Barack Obama at the Falcon 9 launch site in 2010


With US$100 million of his early fortune,[65] Musk founded Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, in May 2002.[66] Musk is chief executive officer (CEO) and chief technology officer (CTO) of the Hawthorne, California-based company. SpaceX develops and manufactures space launch vehicles with a focus on advancing the state of rocket technology. The company's first two launch vehicles are the Falcon 1 and Falcon 9 rockets (a nod to Star Wars' Millennium Falcon), and its first spacecraft is the Dragon (a nod to Puff the Magic Dragon).[67] In seven years, SpaceX designed the family of Falcon launch vehicles and the Dragon multipurpose spacecraft. In September 2008, SpaceX's Falcon 1 rocket became the first privately funded liquid-fueled vehicle to put a satellite into Earth orbit.[38] On May 25, 2012, the SpaceX Dragon vehicle berthed with the ISS, making history as the first commercial company to launch and berth a vehicle to the International Space Station.[68]
In 2006, SpaceX was awarded a contract from NASA to continue the development and test of the SpaceX Falcon 9 launch vehicle and Dragon spacecraft in order to transport cargo to the International Space Station,[69][not in citation given] followed by a US$1.6 billion NASA Commercial Resupply Services program contract on December 23, 2008, for 12 flights of its Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station, replacing the US Space Shuttle after it retired in 2011.[70] Astronaut transport to the ISS is currently handled solely by the Soyuz, but SpaceX is one of two companies awarded a contract by NASA as part of the Commercial Crew Development program, which is intended to develop a US astronaut transport capability by 2018.[71] On 22 December 2015, SpaceX successfully landed the first stage of its Falcon rocket back at the launch pad. This was the first time in history such a feat had been achieved by an orbital rocket and is a significant step towards rocket reusability lowering the costs of access to space.[72] This first stage recovery was replicated several times in 2016 by landing on an Autonomous spaceport drone ship, an ocean based recovery platform.[73]
SpaceX is both the largest private producer of rocket engines in the world, and holder of the record for highest thrust-to-weight ratio for a rocket engine.[74] SpaceX has produced more than 100 operational Merlin 1D engines, currently the world's most powerful engine for its weight.[75] The relatively immense power to weight ratio allows each Merlin 1D engine to vertically lift the weight of 40 average family cars. In combination, the 9 Merlin engines in the Falcon 9 first stage produces anywhere from 5.8 to 6.7 MN (1.3 to 1.5 million pounds) of thrust, depending on altitude.[76]
Musk was influenced by Isaac Asimov's Foundation series[77] and views space exploration as an important step in preserving and expanding the consciousness of human life.[78] Musk said that multiplanetary life may serve as a hedge against threats to the survival of the human species.

An asteroid or a super volcano could destroy us, and we face risks the dinosaurs never saw: an engineered virus, inadvertent creation of a micro black hole, catastrophic global warming or some as-yet-unknown technology could spell the end of us. Humankind evolved over millions of years, but in the last sixty years atomic weaponry created the potential to extinguish ourselves. Sooner or later, we must expand life beyond this green and blue ball—or go extinct.

Musk's goal is to reduce the cost of human spaceflight by a factor of 10.[79] In a 2011 interview, he said he hopes to send humans to Mars' surface within 10–20 years.[80] In Ashlee Vance's biography, Musk stated that he wants to establish a Mars colony by 2040, with a population of 80,000.[39] Musk stated that, since Mars' atmosphere lacks oxygen, all transportation would have to be electric (electric cars, electric trains, Hyperloop, electric aircraft).[81] Space X intends to launch a Dragon spacecraft on a Falcon Heavy in 2018 to soft-land on Mars - this is intended to be the first of a regular cargo mission supply-run to Mars building up to later crewed flights.[82] Musk stated in June 2016 that the first unmanned flight of the larger Mars Colonial Transporter (MCT) spacecraft is aimed for departure to the red planet in 2022, to be followed by the first manned MCT Mars flight departing in 2024.[83] In September 2016, Musk revealed details of his plan to explore and colonize Mars.[84] By 2016, Musk's private trust holds 54% of SpaceX stock, equivalent to 78% of voting shares.[85]
Tesla
Main article: Tesla, Inc.
Tesla, Inc. (originally Tesla Motors) was incorporated in July 2003 by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning, who financed the company until the Series A round of funding.[86]
Both men played active roles in the company's early development prior to Elon Musk's involvement.[87] Musk led the Series A round of investment in February 2004, joining Tesla's board of directors as its chairman.[88] Musk took an active role within the company and oversaw Roadster product design at a detailed level, but was not deeply involved in day-to-day business operations.[89]
Following the financial crisis in 2008,[90] Musk assumed leadership of the company as CEO and product architect, positions he still holds today. Tesla Motors first built an electric sports car, the Tesla Roadster in 2008, with sales of about 2,500 vehicles to 31 countries. Tesla began delivery of its four-door Model S sedan on June 22, 2012. It unveiled its third product, the Model X, aimed at the SUV/minivan market, on February 9, 2012; the Model X launch was however delayed until September 2015.[91][92][93] In addition to its own cars, Tesla sells electric powertrain systems to Daimler for the Smart EV, Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive and Mercedes A Class and to Toyota for the RAV4 EV. Musk was able to bring in both companies as long-term investors in Tesla.[94]







Musk observing an assembly demo at the reopening of the NUMMI plant, now known as the Tesla Factory (Fremont, California) in 2010









Musk standing in front of a Tesla Model S in 2011









Musk and Senator Dianne Feinstein next to a Tesla Model S (2010)




Musk has favored building a sub-US$30,000 compact Tesla model and building and selling electric vehicle powertrain components so that other automakers can produce electric vehicles at affordable prices without having to develop the products in-house; this led to the Model 3 that is planned to have a base price of US$35,000.[95] Several mainstream publications have compared him with Henry Ford for his work on advanced vehicle powertrains.[96]
In a May 2013 interview with All Things Digital, Musk said that to overcome the range limitations of electric cars, Tesla is "dramatically accelerating" its network of supercharger stations, tripling the number on the East and West coasts of the U.S. that June, with plans for more expansion across North America, including Canada, throughout the year.[97] As of January 29, 2016, Musk owns about 28.9 million Tesla shares, which equates to about 22% of the company.[98][99]
As of 2014, Musk's annual salary is one dollar, similar to Steve Jobs and other CEOs, the remainder of his compensation is in the form of stock and performance-based bonuses.[100][101]
In 2014, Musk announced that Tesla would allow its technology patents to be used by anyone in good faith in a bid to entice automobile manufacturers to speed up development of electric cars. "The unfortunate reality is electric car programs (or programs for any vehicle that doesn't burn hydrocarbons) at the major manufacturers are small to non-existent, constituting an average of far less than 1% of their total vehicle sales", Musk said.[102]
In February 2016, Musk announced that he had acquired the Tesla.com domain name from Stu Grossman, who had owned it since 1992 and changed Tesla's homepage to that domain.[103]
SolarCity
Main article: SolarCity
Musk provided the initial concept and financial capital for SolarCity, which was then co-founded in 2006 by his cousins Lyndon and Peter Rive.[104][105] SolarCity is now the second largest provider of solar power systems in the United States.[106]
The underlying motivation for funding both SolarCity and Tesla is to help combat global warming.[107] In 2012, Musk announced that SolarCity and Tesla are collaborating to use electric vehicle batteries to smooth the impact of rooftop solar on the power grid, with the program going live in 2013.[108]
On June 17, 2014, Musk committed to building in Buffalo, New York, a SolarCity advanced production facility that would triple the size of the largest solar plant in the United States. Musk stated the plant will be "one of the single largest solar panel production plants in the world", and it will be followed by one or more even bigger facilities in subsequent years.[109][needs update]
In June 2016, Musk's car company, Tesla, formally submitted an offer to acquire SolarCity.[110]
Hyperloop
Main articles: Hyperloop and Hyperloop pod competition
On August 12, 2013, Musk unveiled a concept for a high-speed transportation system incorporating reduced-pressure tubes in which pressurized capsules ride on an air cushion driven by linear induction motors and air compressors.[111] The mechanism for releasing the concept was an alpha-design document that, in addition to scoping out the technology, outlined a notional route where such a transport system might be built: between the Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area.[112]
After earlier envisioning Hyperloop, Musk assigned a dozen engineers from Tesla and SpaceX who worked for nine months, establishing the conceptual foundations and creating the designs for the transportation system.[113][114] An early design for the system was then published in a whitepaper posted to the Tesla and SpaceX blogs.[115][116][117] Musk's proposal, if technologically feasible at the costs he has cited, would make Hyperloop travel cheaper than any other mode of transport for such long distances. The alpha design was proposed to use a partial vacuum to reduce aerodynamic drag, which it is theorized would allow for high-speed travel with relatively low power, with certain other features like air-bearing skis and an inlet compressor to reduce air drag. The alpha design document estimated the total cost of an LA-to-SF Hyperloop system at US$6 billion, but this amount is speculative.[118]
In June 2015, Musk announced a design competition for students and others to build Hyperloop pods to operate on a SpaceX-sponsored mile-long track in a 2015–2017 Hyperloop pod competition. The track was used in January 2017, and Musk also started building a tunnel.[119]
Hyperloop One, a company unaffiliated with Musk, had announced that it had done its first successful test run on its DevLoop track in Nevada on July 13, 2017. It was on May 12, 2017 at 12:02 A.M and had lasted 5.3 seconds, reaching a top speed of 70 mph.[120]
On July 25, 2017, Elon Musk announced that he had gotten approval from the Department of Transportation to build a hyperloop from New York City to Washington D.C stopping in both Philadelphia and Baltimore.[121]
OpenAI
Main article: OpenAI
In December 2015, Elon Musk announced the creation of OpenAI, a not-for-profit artificial intelligence (AI) research company. OpenAI aims to develop artificial general intelligence in a way that is safe and beneficial to humanity.[122]
By making AI available to everyone, OpenAI wants to "counteract large corporations who may gain too much power by owning super-intelligence systems devoted to profits, as well as governments which may use AI to gain power and even oppress their citizenry".[123]
Neuralink
Main article: Neuralink
In 2016, Musk co-founded Neuralink, a neurotechnology startup company, to integrate the human brain with artificial intelligence. The company, which is still in the earliest stages of existence, is centered on creating devices that can be implanted in the human brain, with the eventual purpose of helping human beings merge with software and keep pace with advancements in artificial intelligence. These enhancements could improve memory or allow for more direct interfacing with computing devices.[124]
The Boring Company
Main article: The Boring Company
On December 17, 2016, while stuck in traffic, Musk tweeted "Am going to build a tunnel boring machine and just start digging..." The company was named 'The Boring Company'.[125] On January 21, 2017, Musk tweeted "Exciting progress on the tunnel front. Plan to start digging in a month or so."[126] The first tunnel will start on the SpaceX campus,[127] and will probably go to a nearby parking garage. As of January 26, 2017, discussions with regulatory bodies have begun,[128] but no requests for permits to dig in the Los Angeles area have yet been filed with the California Department of Transportation.[129]
In February 2017, the company began digging a 30-foot-wide, 50-foot-long, and 15-foot-deep "test trench" on the premises of Space X's offices in Los Angeles, since the construction requires no permits.[130][131]
Subsidies
Musk has stated that he does not believe the U.S. government should provide subsidies to companies but should instead use a carbon tax to price in the negative externality of air pollution and discourage "bad behavior." Musk argues that the free market would achieve the "best solution," and that producing environmentally unfriendly vehicles should come with its own consequences.[132]
Musk's statements have been widely criticized, with Stanford University Professor Fred Turner noting that "if you're an entrepreneur like Elon Musk, you will take the money where you can get it, but at the same time believe as a matter of faith that it's entrepreneurship and technology that are the sources of social change, not the state. It is not quite self-delusion, but there is a habit of thinking of oneself as a free-standing, independent agent, and of not acknowledging the subsidies that one received. And this goes on all the time in Silicon Valley."[133] Author Michael Shellenberger argued that "in the case of Musk, it is hard not to read that as a kind of defensiveness. And I think there is a business reason for it. They are dealing with a lot of investors for whom subsidies are not the basis for a long-term viable business, and they often want to exaggerate the speed with which they are going to be able to become independent." Shellenberger continues, "we would all be better off if these entrepreneurs were a bit more grateful, a bit more humble." While journalist and author Jim Motavalli, who interviewed Musk for High Voltage, his 2011 book about the electric vehicle industry, speculated that "Elon is now looking at it from the point of view of a winner, and he doesn't want to see other people win because they get government money – I do think there is a tendency of people, once they have succeeded, to want to pull the ladder up after them."[134]
In 2015, Musk's statements were subject to further scrutiny when an LA Times article claimed that SpaceX, Tesla, SolarCity and buyers of their products had or were projected to receive together an estimated US$4.9 billion in government subsidies over twenty years. One example given is New York state, which is spending $750 million to build a solar panel factory in Buffalo which will be leased to SolarCity for $1 a year. The deal also includes no property taxes for a decade, an estimated $260 million valuation. Musk employs a former U.S. State Department official as the chief negotiator for Tesla.[135]
Political positions




Musk speaking alongside Irish Taoiseach (Prime Minister) Enda Kenny


Politically, Musk has described himself as "half Democrat, half Republican." In his own words: "I'm somewhere in the middle, socially liberal and fiscally conservative."[136] In 2016, Musk became a member of two of then President-elect Donald Trump's presidential advisory committees (the Strategic and Policy Forum[137][138][139][140] and Manufacturing Jobs Initiative)[141] but resigned from both in 2017, in protest at Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement on climate change.[142][143]
Musk has described himself as "nauseatingly pro-American." According to Musk, the United States is "[inarguably] the greatest country that has ever existed on Earth," describing it as "the greatest force for good of any country that's ever been." Musk believes outright that there "would not be democracy in the world if not for the United States," arguing there were "three separate occasions in the 20th-century where democracy would have fallen with World War I, World War II and the Cold War, if not for the United States." Musk also stated that he thinks "it would be a mistake to say the United States is perfect, it certainly is not. There have been many foolish things the United States has done and bad things the United States has done."[144]
Prompted by the emergence of self-driving cars and Artificial Intelligence, Musk has voiced support for a Universal Basic Income.[145]
Prior to the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Musk criticized candidate Trump by saying: "I feel a bit stronger that he is probably not the right guy. He doesn't seem to have the sort of character that reflects well on the United States."[146] Following Donald Trump's inauguration, Musk expressed approval of Trump's choice of Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State and accepted an invitation to appear on a panel advising President Trump. Regarding his cooperation with Trump, Musk has subsequently commented: "The more voices of reason that the President hears, the better."[147]
Lobbying
In an interview with the Washington Post, Musk stated he was a "significant (though not top-tier) donor to Democrats, but that he also gives heavily to Republicans." Musk further stated, "in order to have your voice be heard in Washington, you have to make some little contribution."[148][149]
A recent report from the Sunlight Foundation (a nonpartisan group that tracks government spending), found that "SpaceX has spent over US$4 million on lobbying Congress since it was established in 2002 and doled out more than US$800,000 in political contributions" to Democrats and Republicans. The same report noted that "SpaceX's campaign to win political support has been systematic and sophisticated", and that "unlike most tech-startups, SpaceX has maintained a significant lobbying presence in Washington almost since day 1". The report further noted that "Musk himself has donated roughly US$725,000 to various campaigns since 2002. In 2004, he contributed US$2,000 to President George W. Bush's reelection campaign, maxing out (over US$100,000)[150] to Obama's reelection campaign and donated US$5,000 to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who represents Florida, a state critical to the space industry. (...) All told, Musk and SpaceX gave out roughly US$250,000 in the 2012 election cycle."[148][151] Additionally, SpaceX hired former Republican Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott to represent the company, via the Washington-based lobbying group Patton Boggs LLP. Alongside Patton Boggs LLP, SpaceX uses several other outside lobbying firms, who work alongside SpaceX's own lobbyists.[152]
Musk had been a supporter of the U.S. political action committee (PAC) FWD.us, which was started by fellow high-profile entrepreneur Mark Zuckerberg and advocates for immigration reform. However, in May 2013, Musk publicly withdrew his support in protest of advertisements the PAC was running that supported causes like the Keystone Pipeline. Musk and other members, including David O. Sacks, pulled out, criticizing the strategy as "cynical".[153] Musk further stated, "we shouldn't give in to the politics. If we give in to that, we'll get the political system we deserve."[154]
In December 2013, Sean Becker of the media/political website Mic called Musk a "complete hypocrite", stating that "[for] the 2014 election cycle, Musk has contributed to the Longhorn PAC and the National Republican Congressional Committee — both of which have funded the campaigns of anti-science, anti-environment candidates such as Rep. Michelle Bachman (R-Minn.)."[154] Musk has directly contributed to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who has been accused of holding similar positions regarding climate change.[151]
Opinions
Destiny and religion
When asked whether he believed "there was some kind of destiny involved" in humanity's transition to a multi-planetary species, rather than "just physics", Musk responded:

Well, I do. Do I think that there's some sort of master intelligence architecting all of this stuff? I think probably not because then you have to say: "Where does the master intelligence come from?" So it sort of begs the question. So I think really you can explain this with the fundamental laws of physics. You know its complex phenomenon from simple elements.[155]

Musk has stated that he does not pray, or worship any being, although previously admitted to praying before an important Falcon 1 launch, asking "any entities that [were] listening" to "bless [the] launch". When asked whether he believed "religion and science could co-exist", Musk replied "probably not".[156]
Extraterrestrial life
Although Musk believes "there is a good chance that there is simple life on other planets", he "questions whether there is other intelligent life in the known universe".[156] Musk later clarified his "hope that there is other intelligent life in the known universe", and stated that it is "probably more likely than not, but that's a complete guess."[157]
Musk has also considered the simulation hypothesis as a potential solution to the Fermi paradox:

The absence of any noticeable life may be an argument in favour of us being in a simulation.... Like when you're playing an adventure game, and you can see the stars in the background, but you can't ever get there. If it's not a simulation, then maybe we're in a lab and there's some advanced alien civilization that's just watching how we develop, out of curiosity, like mould in a petri dish.... If you look at our current technology level, something strange has to happen to civilizations, and I mean strange in a bad way. ... And it could be that there are a whole lot of dead, one-planet civilizations.[158]

Artificial intelligence
Musk has frequently spoken out about the potential dangers of artificial intelligence, declaring it "the most serious threat to the survival of the human race". During an interview at the MIT AeroAstro Centennial Symposium, Musk described AI as "[humanity's] biggest existential threat", further stating, "I'm increasingly inclined to think that there should be some regulatory oversight, maybe at the national and international level, just to make sure that we don't do something very foolish." Musk described the creation of artificial intelligence as "summoning the demon".[159][160]
Despite this, Musk has previously invested in DeepMind, an AI firm, and Vicarious, a company working to improve machine intelligence. In January 2015, he donated $10 million to the Future of Life Institute, an organization focused on challenges posed by advanced technologies.[161] He is the co-chairman of OpenAI, a nonprofit artificial intelligence research company.[162]
Musk has said that his investments are, "not from the standpoint of actually trying to make any investment return... I like to just keep an eye on what's going on with artificial intelligence". Musk continued, "There have been movies about this, you know, like Terminator – there are some scary outcomes. And we should try to make sure the outcomes are good, not bad."[163]
In June 2016, he was asked whether he thinks humans live in a computer simulation, to which he answered "probably". Elaborated as follows:

The strongest argument for us probably being in a simulation I think is the following: 40 years ago we had Pong – two rectangles and a dot. That's where we were. Now 40 years later we have photorealistic, 3D simulations with millions of people playing simultaneously and it's getting better every year. And soon we'll have virtual reality, we'll have augmented reality. If you assume any rate of improvement at all, then the games will become indistinguishable from reality, just indistinguishable.[164]

Personal life
Musk owned a McLaren F1 supercar, which he crashed while it was uninsured.[165] He also previously owned an Aero L-39, a Czech-made jet trainer aircraft .[166]
The 1994 model Dassault Falcon 900 aircraft used in the 2005 film Thank You for Smoking is registered to Musk (N900SX),[167] and Musk had a cameo as the pilot of his plane, opening the door for Robert Duvall and escorting Aaron Eckhart aboard. Musk owns Wet Nellie, the Lotus Esprit from the James Bond film The Spy Who Loved Me. He plans to convert it into the functional car-submarine from the film.[168]
Musk attended the Burning Man festival in 2004 and has said he first thought up the idea for SolarCity at the festival.[108]
Tosca Musk, Elon's sister, is a filmmaker. She is the founder of Musk Entertainment and has produced various movies.[169]
Musk stated that he wants to die on Mars, just not on impact.[170]
Philanthropy
Musk is chairman of the Musk Foundation, which focuses its philanthropic efforts on providing solar-power energy systems in disaster areas. In 2010, the Musk Foundation collaborated with SolarCity to donate a 25-kW solar power system to the South Bay Community Alliance's (SBCA) hurricane response center in Coden, Alabama.[171] In July 2011, the Musk Foundation donated US$250,000 towards a solar power project in Sōma, Japan, a city that had been recently devastated by tsunami.[172]
In July 2014, Musk was asked by cartoonist Matthew Inman and William Terbo, the grandnephew of Nikola Tesla, to donate US$8 million toward the construction of the Tesla Science Center at Wardenclyffe.[173] Ultimately, Musk agreed to donate US$1 million toward the project and additionally pledged to build a Tesla Supercharger in the museum car park.[174]
Musk donated US$10 million to the Future of Life Institute in January 2015, to run a global research program aimed at keeping artificial intelligence beneficial to humanity.[175][161][176]
As of 2015, Musk is a trustee of the X Prize Foundation[177] and a signatory of The Giving Pledge.[178]
Family
Musk met his first wife, Canadian author Justine Wilson, while both were students at Ontario's Queen's University. They married in 2000 and separated in 2008.[179]
Their first son, Nevada Alexander Musk, died of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) at the age of ten weeks.[180] They later had five sons through in vitro fertilization – twins in 2004, followed by triplets in 2006 – all of whom they share custody.[181]
In 2008, Musk began dating English actress Talulah Riley, and in 2010, the couple married. In January 2012, Musk announced that he had ended his four-year relationship with Riley,[33][182] tweeting to Riley, "It was an amazing four years. I will love you forever. You will make someone very happy one day."[183] In July 2013, Musk and Riley remarried. In December 2014, Musk filed for a second divorce from Riley, however, the action was withdrawn.[7] It was announced in March 2016 that divorce proceedings were again under way, this time with Riley filing for divorce from Musk.[184] The divorce was finalized in late 2016.[185]
Zolpidem usage
In an apparent self-admission of mixing Zolpidem and alcohol, Musk tweeted in June 2017 "A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!".[186] Health authorities advise to not take Zolpidem together with alcohol, which can be a highly addictive combination and increase the risk of experiencing dangerous side-effects.[187] Musk gained media attention for advocating a dangerous drug combination publicly on his social media.[188][189]
Patents


Title
Application number
Grant number
Application date
Grant date
Original assignee


Funnel shaped charge inlet[190]
13/549185
8579635
2012-07-13
2013-11-12
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle charge inlet[191]
29/427056
D724031
2012-07-13
2015-03-10
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle[192]
29/412833
D683268
2012-02-08
2013-05-28
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle door[193]
29/412841
D678154
2012-02-08
2013-03-19
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Awards and recognition

In 2006, Musk served as a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences Aeronautics and Space Engineering Board.[194]
R&D Magazine Innovator of the Year for 2007 for SpaceX, Tesla, and SolarCity.[195]
Inc Magazine Entrepreneur of the Year award for 2007 for his work on Tesla and SpaceX.[196]
2007 Index Design award for his design of the Tesla Roadster.[197] Global Green 2006 product design award for his design of the Tesla Roadster, presented by Mikhail Gorbachev.[198]
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics George Low award for the most outstanding contribution in the field of space transportation in 2007/2008. Musk was recognized for his design of the Falcon 1, the first privately developed liquid-fuel rocket to reach orbit.[199]
National Wildlife Federation 2008 National Conservation Achievement award for Tesla and SolarCity. Other 2008 recipients include journalist Thomas Friedman, U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT), and Florida Governor Charlie Crist.[200]
The Aviation Week 2008 Laureate for the most significant achievement worldwide in the space industry.[201]
National Space Society's Von Braun Trophy in 2008/2009, given for leadership of the most significant achievement in space. Prior recipients include Burt Rutan and Steve Squyres.[202]
Automotive Executive of the Year (worldwide) in 2010 for demonstrating technology leadership and innovation via Tesla. Prior awardees include Bill Ford Jr, Bob Lutz, Dieter Zetsche and Lee Iacocca. Musk is the youngest ever recipient of this award.[203]
Listed as one of Time's 100 people who most affected the world in 2010.[204]
The world governing body for aerospace records, Fédération Aéronautique Internationale, presented Musk in 2010 with the highest award in air and space, the FAI Gold Space Medal, for designing the first privately developed rocket to reach orbit. Prior recipients include Neil Armstrong, Burt Rutan of Scaled Composites and John Glenn.[205]
Named as one of the 75 most influential people of the 21st century by Esquire magazine.[78]
Recognized as a Living Legend of Aviation in 2010 by the Kitty Hawk Foundation for creating the successor to the Space Shuttle (Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft). Other recipients include Buzz Aldrin and Richard Branson.[206]
In 2010, Musk was elected to the board of trustees of the California Institute of Technology,[207] however no longer holds the position.[208]
In a 2010 Space Foundation survey, he was ranked as the No. 10 (tied with rocketry pioneer and scientist Wernher von Braun) most popular space hero.[209]
In February 2011, Forbes listed Musk as one of "America's 20 Most Powerful CEOs 40 And Under".[210]
In June 2011, Musk was awarded the US$250,000 Heinlein Prize for Advances in Space Commercialization[211]
In 2011, Musk was honored as a Legendary Leader at the Churchill Club Awards.[212]
In 2012, Musk was awarded the Royal Aeronautical Society's highest award: a Gold Medal.[213]
Musk was the 2012 recipient of Smithsonian magazine's American Ingenuity Award in the Technology category.
In 2013, Musk was named the Fortune Businessperson of the year for SpaceX, SolarCity, and Tesla.[214]
In 2015, he was awarded IEEE Honorary Membership.[215]
As of 2015, Musk serves on the board of advisors of Social Concepts, Inc.[216]
In 2016, The Drive, a division of Time, named Musk the most influential person in the car business and as the second most influential person in the automotive tech sector.[217]
In June 2016, Business Insider named Musk one of the "Top 10 Business Visionaries Creating Value for the World" along with Mark Zuckerberg and Sal Khan.[218]
In December 2016, Musk was ranked 21st on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[23]
In March 2017, Musk was listed by UK-based company Richtopia at number 3 in the list of 200 Most Influential Philanthropists and Social Entrepreneurs.[219][220]

Honorary doctorates

Honorary doctorate in Design from the Art Center College of Design[221]
Honorary doctorate (DUniv) in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Surrey[222]
Honorary doctorate of Engineering and Technology from Yale University[223]

In popular media
In the 2005 film Thank You for Smoking, Musk had a cameo as the pilot of his own plane, opening the door for the Captain (Robert Duvall) and escorting Nick Naylor (Aaron Eckhart) aboard. In Iron Man 2 (2010), he met Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) in a restaurant, and had some brief lines regarding an "idea for an electric jet". In 2014, he was satirized in the South Park episode "Handicar". He later made a guest appearance in three more episodes of South Park in 2016, this time voicing himself in the episodes "Members Only", "Not Funny", and "The End of Serialization as We Know It." In January 2015, he made a guest appearance playing himself on The Simpsons in an episode titled "The Musk Who Fell to Earth"; the episode poked fun at many of the inventor's ideas.[224]
In November 2015, Musk appeared in an episode of The Big Bang Theory, playing himself, volunteering at a soup kitchen with Howard.[225] In 2016 Musk was referenced by Dr. Martin Stein on The CW time-travel TV show DC's Legends of Tomorrow. During a time travel to the past, Stein meets his younger self and introduced himself as Elon Musk, to disguise his own identity.[226] Following the same TV universe on The CW, in the DC Superhero series The Flash, one of the characters[who?] quoted that he wished he'd be like Elon Musk on alternate universes.[citation needed]
Musk was also featured in the 2015 environmental documentary Racing Extinction, in which a custom Tesla Model S was designed to help project images of critically endangered species onto public buildings, including the Empire State Building and the Vatican.[227]
In 2016 Musk appeared as himself in the romantic comedy film Why Him? where he was briefly met by one of the main characters, Ned Flemming played by Bryan Cranston, in a bar at a party.[228]
References


^ "Billionaire Tesla CEO Elon Musk Buys Neighbor's Home in Bel Air For Million". Forbes. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ "Inside Elon Musk's M Bel Air Mansion". Bloomberg News. Retrieved August 21, 2013. 
^ Hull, Dana (April 11, 2014). "Timeline: Elon Musk's accomplishments". Retrieved June 11, 2015 – via Mercury News. 
^ Zanerhaft, Jaron (2013). "Elon Musk: Patriarchs and Prodigies". CSQ. C-Suite Quarterly. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ "The World's Billionaires List". Forbes. Retrieved July 25, 2017. 
^ "Actor Talulah Riley files to divorce billionaire Elon Musk, again". The Guardian. March 21, 2016. Retrieved April 20, 2016. The pair first married in 2010 and divorced in 2012. They remarried 18 months later. 
^ a b "Elon Musk withdraws Talulah Riley divorce papers after being spotted at Allen & Company conference". Mail Online. August 5, 2015. 
^ Curtis, Sophie (November 10, 2014). "Elon Musk 'to launch fleet of internet satellites'". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved June 23, 2015. Elon Musk, inventor and business magnate 
^ Vance, Ashlee (September 13, 2012). "Elon Musk, the 21st Century Industrialist". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved June 23, 2015. 
^ "Early Career Engineers, Conferences and Careers". asme.org. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Bellis, Mary. "Biography of Elon Musk". inventors.about.com. About.com. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ "The Top 10 Venture Capitalists on 2014's Midas List". Forbes. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Albergotti, Reed (March 21, 2014). "Zuckerberg, Musk Invest in Artificial Intelligence Company". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Love, Dylan (March 21, 2014). "Elon Musk And Mark Zuckerberg Have Invested Million in a Mysterious Artificial Intelligence Company". Business Insider. Business Insider. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ [11][12][13][14]
^ Shanklin, Emily (27 March 2017). "Elon Musk". SpaceX. Retrieved 17 June 2017. 
^ Martin LaMonica (September 21, 2009). "Tesla Motors founders: Now there are five". CNET. 
^ "A Brief history of Tesla". Tech Crunch. January 4, 2013. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Tesla was founded not by Elon Musk, but rather by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning in July 2003. The two bootstrapped the fledgling auto company until Elon Musk led the company's  million Series A financing round in February 2004, when Musk became the company's Chairman of the Board. 
^ Hardy, Quentin; Bilton, Nick (March 16, 2014). "Start-Ups Aim to Conquer Space Market". The New York Times. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Space Exploration Technologies, or Space X, started by the Tesla founder Elon Musk 
^ "Trust Your Own Focus Group of One". Entrepreneur.com. April 11, 2014. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Elon Musk, founder of PayPal, Tesla and SpaceX 
^ [17][18][19][20]
^ "Elon Musk". Forbes.com. Retrieved 21 March 2017. 
^ a b "The World's Most Powerful People". Forbes. December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Youtube Video - Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity". 
^ Why Invest In Making Life Multi-Planetary? Elon Musk. December 13, 2011. Retrieved February 21, 2016 – via YouTube. 
^ Ross Andersen (September 30, 2014). "Elon Musk puts his case for a multi-planet civilisation". Aeon. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ Jonathan Charlton. "Elon Musk 'Toying' with Designs for Electric Jet". Aviation.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk on dodging a nervous breakdown (2013). YouTube. March 16, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk (South African entrepreneur)". Britannica Online Encyclopedia. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ a b His Biography author Ashlee Vance interviewed on the TV show Triangulation on the TWiT.tv network, discussion of his family starts around the 15th minute
^ Friend, Tad (2009). "Plugged In". The New Yorker. 85 (23–30): 53. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ Masia, Seth (May 2011). "A Family Leads to the Installer Universe". Solar Today. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ a b Elliott, Hannah (March 3, 2012). "At Home With Elon Musk: The (Soon-to-Be) Bachelor Billionaire". Forbes. Retrieved August 12, 2013. 
^ [30][31][32][33]
^ a b Hall, Dana (April 11, 2014). "Rocket Man: The otherworldly ambitions of Elon Musk". San Jose Mercury News. Retrieved April 14, 2014. 
^ Hannah Elliott. "At Home With Elon Musk: The (Soon-to-Be) Bachelor Billionaire". Forbes. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ "Tweet". February 5, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g Vance, Ashlee (2015). Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future. ISBN 978-0062301239. 
^ a b Pierre Haski (May 28, 2015). "Elon Musk (Tesla, SpaceX): génie ou prédateur de la Silicon Valley?" (in French). rue89.nouvelobs.com. 
^ a b "Play the PC game Elon Musk wrote as a pre-teen". 
^ a b Belfiore, Michael (2007). "Chapter 7: Orbit on a Shoestring". Rocketeers. Harper Collins. pp. 166–95. ISBN 978-0-06-114902-3. 
^ "Blastar for HTML5". blastar-1984.appspot.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ a b "37 Interesting Facts about Elon Musk, One of the Most Innovative Entrepreneurs of Our Time". BoomsBeat.com. February 14, 2014. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Davis, Johnny (August 4, 2007). "One more giant leap". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ Diggelen, Alison van (February 7, 2013). "Iron Man, Growing up in South Africa". Fresh Dialogues. Retrieved November 1, 2013. I actually filled out the forms for her and got her a Canadian passport, and me too. Within three weeks of getting my Canadian passport, I was in Canada. 
^ Robin Keats (2013). "Rocket man". Queen's University. Archived from the original on May 4, 2015. 
^ Inspirations with Elon Musk. OnInnovation. Retrieved June 24, 2010. 
^ Junod, Tom (November 15, 2012). "Triumph of His Will". Esquire. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ Clark, Steve (September 27, 2014). "SpaceX chief: Commercial launch sites necessary step to Mars". Brownsville Herald. Retrieved September 30, 2014. 
^ a b Friedman, Josh (April 22, 2003), "Entrepreneur Tries His Midas Touch in Space", Los Angeles Times 
^ a b c "Elon Musk Biography". Advameg. August 23, 2005. 
^ a b Kidder, David; Hoffman, Reid (2013). The Startup Playbook: Secrets of the Fastest Growing Start-Ups from the founding Entrepreneurs. San Francisco, CA: Chronicle Books. pp. 2224–228. ISBN 978-1452105048. 
^ Junnarkar, Sandeep (February 16, 1999). "Compaq buys Zip2". CNET. 
^ Jackson, Erik (2004). The PayPal Wars. Los Angeles, CA: World Ahead Publishing. pp. 40, 69, 130, 163. 
^ Musk, Elon (October 8, 2003). Success Through Viral Marketing: PayPal. Entrepreneurial Thought Leaders Lecture. 
^ "The PayPal Mafia". Fortune. Retrieved July 4, 2015. 
^ "SEC 10-K" (PDF). eBay. December 31, 2002. 
^ "SEC 10-K". Paypal. December 31, 2001. 
^ McKnight, John Carter (September 25, 2001). "Elon Musk, Life to Mars Foundation". Mars Now, a weekly column. Space Frontier Foundation. 
^ Musk, Elon. "Risky Business". IEEE Spectrum. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
^ a b Vance, Ashlee (May 14, 2015). "Elon Musk's space dream almost killed Tesla". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved June 7, 2015. 
^ "How Steve Jurvetson Saved Elon Musk". Business Insider. September 14, 2012. 
^ SpaceX and Daring to Think Big – Steve Jurvetson. YouTube. January 28, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk (September 8, 2006). "SpaceX wins NASA competition to replace Space Shuttle". SpaceX. 
^ Wayne, Leslie (February 5, 2006). "A Bold Plan to Go Where Men Have Gone Before". The New York Times. Retrieved February 16, 2015. 
^ California Business Search (C2414622 - Space Exploration Technologies Corp) 
^ SpaceX 
^ Harwood, William (May 31, 2012). "SpaceX Dragon returns to Earth, ends historic trip". CBS News. Retrieved August 3, 2013. 
^ COTS 2006 Demo Competition. NASA (accessed August 26, 2014); and announcement "Commercial Orbital Transportation Services Demonstrations". January 18, 2006 (accessed August 26, 2014)
^ "NASA Awards Space Station Commercial Resupply Services Contracts". nasa.gov. NASA. 23 December 2008. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "Boeing And SpaceX Win Billion In NASA Contracts". NPR.org. National Public Radio. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "SpaceX rocket in historic upright landing". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ O'Kane, Sean (2016-05-27). "SpaceX successfully lands a Falcon 9 rocket at sea for the third time". The Verge. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "Is SpaceX Changing the Rocket Equation?". airspacemag.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Clark, Stephen. "100th Merlin 1D engine flies on Falcon 9 rocket – Spaceflight Now". Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "SpaceX completes 100th Merlin 1D Engine". SpaceX. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Carroll, Roy (July 17, 2013). "Elon Musk's mission to Mars". The Guardian. London, UK. Retrieved July 23, 2013. 
^ a b "75 most influential people: Elon Musk". Esquire. October 1, 2008. 
^ "Space Exploration Technologies Corporation Press Release". SpaceX. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ "Elon Musk: I'll Put a Man on Mars in 10 Years". Market Watch. New York. April 22, 2011. Archived from the original on December 1, 2011. Retrieved December 1, 2011. 
^ Elon Musk speaks at the Hyperloop Pod Award Ceremony (2016.1.30). January 31, 2016. Retrieved February 21, 2016 – via YouTube. 
^ "SpaceX Will Launch Private Mars Missions as Soon as 2018". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ Davenport, Christian (2016-06-13). "Elon Musk provides new details on his ‘mind blowing’ mission to Mars". Washington Post. Retrieved 2016-06-14. 
^ Chang, Kenneth (27 September 2016). "Elon Musk’s Plan: Get Humans to Mars, and Beyond". New York Times. Retrieved 27 September 2016. 
^ Lambert, Fred (November 16, 2016). "Elon Musk’s stake in SpaceX is actually worth more than his Tesla shares". Electrek. Retrieved November 17, 2016. 
^ Burns, Matt (October 8, 2014). "A Brief History of Tesla". TechCrunch. TechCrunch.com. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Nordqvist, Joseph (February 12, 2014). "Tesla Motors Inc.—Company Information". Market Business News. Archived from the original on February 12, 2014. Retrieved April 16, 2014. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 2, 2006). "The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan (just between you and me) No. 124". Tesla Motors. Archived from the original on August 2, 2010. Retrieved October 3, 2010. [self-published source]
^ Musk, Elon. "CEO Elon Musk". Tesla Motors. Retrieved October 20, 2010. 
^ Morrison, Chris (October 15, 2008). "Musk steps in as CEO". The New York Times. 
^ Graham Ruddick. "Tesla's Model X electric car spreads falcon wings at US launch". the Guardian. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Tesla Model X: Not a model launch". Fortune. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Model X". Tesla Motors. October 29, 2012. 
^ Joann Muller (June 1, 2013). "What Do Toyota And Mercedes See in Tesla? A Bit of Themselves". Forbes.com. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 2, 2006). "The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan (just between you and me)". Tesla Motors. 
^ Hamilton, Tyler (October 12, 2009). "Tesla CEO following in Henry Ford's tracks". Toronto Star. Archived from the original on October 17, 2009. 
^ Del Ray, Jason (May 29, 2013), Musk: You'll Be Able to Drive Your Tesla Cross-Country by Year's End With Supercharger Expansion, All Things D 
^ Claudia Assis; Jeremy C. Owens. "Elon Musk exercises Tesla options, pays million tax bill with own cash". MarketWatch. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ Chris Ziegler (January 29, 2016). "Elon Musk bought million more worth of Tesla this week". The Verge. Vox Media. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ "Tesla's Elon Musk worked for free last year". Fortune. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Durisin, Megan (August 10, 2013). "Musk get US$4.3 million of stock options for Model X work". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ "All Our Patent Are Belong To You". Tesla Motors. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Dana Hull (2016-02-19). "Musk Gets Tesla.com Domain Name After Waiting a Decade". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 2016-03-22. 
^ "Management Team". SolarCity. 
^ Kanellos, Michael (February 15, 2008). "Newsmaker: Elon Musk on rockets, sports cars, and solar power". CNET. 
^ "2013 Top 250 Solar Contractors". Solar Power World. September 13, 2013. 
^ The unveiling of the Tesla Motors Electric Car. Autoblog. Retrieved July 26, 2006. 
^ a b Diggelen, Alison van. "Tesla and SolarCity Collaborate on Clean Energy Storage". KQED. Retrieved June 25, 2012. 
^ Aaron Smith (June 17, 2014). "Elon Musk's sunny plans for Buffalo". CNNMoney. 
^ "Tesla Makes Offer to Acquire SolarCity". www.teslamotors.com. Retrieved 2016-06-22. 
^ "Beyond the hype of Hyperloop: An analysis of Elon Musk's proposed transit system". Gizmag.com. August 22, 2013. Retrieved August 23, 2013. 
^ Ashlee Vance. "Revealed: Elon Musk Explains the Hyperloop, the Solar-Powered High-Speed Future of Inter-City Transportation". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved April 27, 2016. 
^ "Hyperloop Update: Elon Musk Will Start Developing It Himself". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2016-03-22. 
^ "Musk announces plans to build Hyperloop demonstrator". gizmag.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 12, 2013). "Hyperloop Alpha" (PDF). SpaceX. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 12, 2013). "Hyperloop". Tesla. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ "Hyperloop Designed for Quick, Convenient Commute". ABC News. March 9, 2013. Retrieved August 15, 2013. 
^ "Hyperloop". SpaceX. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ Mazza, Sandy (January 29, 2017). "Hyperloop competition brings new mass-transit technology to life in Hawthorne". Daily Bulletin. 
^ Hawkins, Andrew J. (2017-07-14). "Talking to Hyperloop One about its big ‘Kitty Hawk’ moment — and what comes next". The Verge. Retrieved 2017-07-14. 
^ "Elon Musk Says He Has 'Verbal' OK To Build N.Y.-D.C. Hyperloop". NPR.org. Retrieved 2017-07-25. 
^ Markoff, John (December 11, 2015). "Artificial-Intelligence Research Center Is Founded by Silicon Valley Investors". The New York Times. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ Levy, Steven (December 11, 2015). "How Elon Musk and Y Combinator Plan to Stop Computers From Taking Over". Medium/Backchannel. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk launches Neuralink, a venture to merge the human brain with AI". The Verge. 2017-03-27. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Golson, Jordan (2017-01-25). "Elon Musk: "Without tunnels, we will all be in traffic hell forever"". The Verge. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ "Elon Musk Will Begin Digging His "Boring Company" Tunnel in About A Month". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ Parnell, Brid-Aine. "Elon Musk Teases Traffic-Busting Tunneling Firm 'The Boring Co.'". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ Solon, Olivia (January 26, 2017). "Elon Musk to dig tunnel to ease traffic in LA, but he doesn't yet have permission" – via The Guardian. 
^ Mazza, Sandy. "Elon Musk wants to start digging a traffic-relieving tunnel in Hawthorne ‘in a month or so’". Los Angeles Daily Times. Retrieved 2017-01-28. 
^ Chafkin, Max (16 February 2017). "Elon Musk Is Really Boring". Bloomberg. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ Heathman, Amelia. "Elon Musk's boring machine has already built a 'test trench' in LA". WIRED UK. Retrieved 2017-02-19. 
^ Werber, Cassie. "Elon Musk says tax-free carbon is "the dumbest experiment in history"". Quartz. Retrieved 30 August 2016. 
^ "Taxpayer Subsidies Helped Tesla Motors, So Why Does Elon Musk Slam Them?". Mother Jones. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Harkinson, Josh (September 2013). "Taxpayer Subsidies Helped Tesla Motors, So Why Does Elon Musk Slam Them?". Mother Jones. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Hirsch, Jerry (May 30, 2015). "Elon Musk's growing empire is fuelled by  billion in government subsidies". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved June 2, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk: The Way Of The Future". YouTube. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Team, The Transition (December 14, 2016). "President-Elect Trump Announces Additional Members of President’s Strategic and Policy Forum". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Elon Musk and the chief executive of Uber are now advising Donald Trump". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Donald Trump Adds Elon Musk, Travis Kalanick, and Indra Nooyi to His Team of Advisers". December 14, 2016. Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ OConnell, Justin (December 23, 2016). "Elon Musk, Appointed to Trump's Team of Advisories, Thinks Bitcoin Is a "Good Thing" - CryptoCoinsNews". CryptoCoinsNews. Retrieved April 16, 2017. 
^ "Elon Musk just got more involved with Trump's administration". businessinsider.com. Retrieved January 29, 2017. 
^ "US quits Paris climate pact: Reaction from around the world following the US president's decision on the Paris accord". Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ "Elon Musk anouncing departing presidential councils on Twitter". Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ Wattenberg, Ben. "Elon Musk and the frontier of Technology". Think Tank. PBS.org. Retrieved June 12, 2015. 
^ Strange, Adario (2016-11-05). "Elon Musk thinks universal income is answer to automation taking human jobs". mashable.com. Retrieved 2017-02-06. 
^ "Elon Musk on Trump presidency: 'I don't think he's the right guy'". businessinsider.in. Retrieved March 21, 2017. 
^ Lee, Dave (2017-01-26). "Elon Musk: I'm Trump's voice of reason". BBC News. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ a b "Elon Musk, SpaceX Founder, Battles Entrenched Rivals Over NASA Contracts". The Huffington Post. February 20, 2013. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ "Obama and Congress at odds over Elon Musk". fightforvotes.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Timothy P. Carney, "Carney: Green stimulus profiteer comes under IRS scrutiny", WashingtonExaminer.com, October 14, 2012.
^ a b "SpaceX blasts off literally and politically". Sunlight Foundation. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Salant, Jonathan D. (September 27, 2013). "Billionaires Battle as Bezos-Musk Companies Vie for Launch Pad". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg Business. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ Steven Kovach, "Elon Musk Says He Quit Mark Zuckerberg's PAC Because It Was Too Cynical", BusinessInsider.com, May 31, 2013.
^ a b Becker, Sean (December 11, 2013). "Elon Musk Donated to Anti-Science Republicans". Mic. Policy.Mic. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ "Going to Mars with Elon Musk". OnInnovation.com. June 2008. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ a b "Elon Musk and Rainn Wilson discuss colonizing Mars, global warming, and the fear of failure". The Verge. March 19, 2013. Retrieved June 12, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk, CEO and CTO, Space Exploration Technologies Corp (SpaceX), Peter Diamandis, CEO, X Prize Foundation and John Doerr, Venture Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers". YouTube. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Anderson, Ross (September 30, 2014). "The Elon Musk Interview on Mars Colonization". Aeon. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Gibbs, Samuel (October 27, 2014). "Elon Musk: artificial intelligence is our biggest existential threat". The Guardian. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking think we should ban killer robots". Washington Post. July 28, 2015. Archived from the original on March 8, 2016. Retrieved January 5, 2017. 
^ a b Kosoff, Maya (January 15, 2015). "Elon Musk Is Donating Million To Keep Killer Robots From Taking Over The World". Business Insider. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ Muoio, Danielle (December 11, 2015). "Elon Musk just announced a new artificial intelligence research company". Tech Insider. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Hern, Alex (June 18, 2014). "Elon Musk says he invested in DeepMind over 'Terminator' fears". Retrieved June 10, 2015 – via The Guardian. 
^ "We are living in a computer simulation, Elon Musk says". The Independent. 2016-06-02. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ Matt Hardigree. "Elon Musk Explains How He Wrecked An Uninsured Million McLaren F1". Jalopnik. 
^ Wayne, Leslie (February 5, 2006). "A Bold Plan to Go Where Men Have Gone Before". The New York Times. 
^ FlightAware. "Aircraft Registration N900SK". Retrieved June 25, 2012. 
^ Chris Woodyard,"Tesla's Elon Musk buys 007's sub to make it real", USAToday.com, October 18, 2013; accessed November 13, 2013.
^ "Tosca Musk profile at". Musk entertainment. 
^ Achenbach, Joel. "Elon Musk Wants to Go to Mars" National Geographic November 2016. p. 41.
^ "Elon Musk and SolarCity Donate Solar Power Project to Coastal Response Center in Alabama". Enhanced Online News. Business Wire. 
^ "Elon Musk Donates Solar Power Project to Soma City in Fukushima Prefecture, Japan". BusinessWire.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
^ "What it's like to own a Tesla Model S – Part 2 – The Oatmeal". theoatmeal.com. 
^ Greg Kumparak. "Elon Musk Donates Million to the Oatmeal's Nikola Tesla Museum". TechCrunch. AOL. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk donates M to keep AI beneficial, Future of Life Institute, 2015, retrieved January 20, 2015 
^ "Elon Musk Donates M To Make Sure AI Doesn't Go The Way of Skynet". Mashable. 2015. Retrieved June 21, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk". XPRIZE. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Kroll, Luisa (April 19, 2012). "The Giving Pledge Signs on 12 More Wealthy Americans Including Tesla's Elon Musk And Home Depot's Arthur Blank". Forbes. 
^ Durand Streisand, Elizabeth. "A Look at Elon Musk's Rocky Romantic History". Yahoo. Retrieved 29 May 2017. 
^ Junod, Justine (November 14, 2012). "Elon Musk: Triumph of His Will". Esquire. Retrieved November 28, 2012. 
^ Elliott, Hannah. "Elon Musk – In Photos: Forbes Life Elon Musk". Forbes. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Lai, Jennifer (January 19, 2012). "Elon Musk Divorce: Announces Split From Talulah Riley On Twitter". The Huffington Post. Retrieved July 23, 2013. 
^ "Elon Musk Divorce: Announces Split From Talulah Riley On Twitter", The Huffington Post, January 19, 2012.
^ "Billionaire Elon Musk's wife files for divorce", Mashable.com, March 21, 2016.
^ Kimble, Lindsay (November 18, 2016). "lon Musk and Talulah Riley Are Divorced for a Second Time". People. Retrieved April 24, 2017. 
^ Musk, Elon (2017-06-06). "A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!". twitter. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Australian Government. "Zolpidem ("Stilnox") – updated information – February 2008". www.tga.gov.au. Archived from the original on 2007-08-12. Retrieved 2009-06-22. 
^ Matyszczyk, Chris (2017-06-07). "Elon Musk's strange, strange Ambien tweet". CNET. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Tan, Yvette (2017-06-07). "Elon Musk's weird Ambien tweets are back". Mashable. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; Ferguson, Joshua Willard; Zalan, Daryl; Van Dyke, Christopher Hugo (November 12, 2013), United States Patent: 8579635 - Funnel shaped charge inlet, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; Ferguson, Joshua Willard; Zalan, Daryl; Van Dyke, Christopher Hugo (March 10, 2015), United States Patent: D724031 - Vehicle charge inlet, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; von Holzhausen, Franz; Lee, Bernard; Imai, David Tadashi (May 28, 2013), United States Patent: D683268 - Vehicle, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; von Holzhausen, Franz; Lee, Bernard (March 19, 2013), United States Patent: D678154 - Vehicle door, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Priorities in Space Science Enabled by Nuclear Power And Propulsion. The National Academies Press. 2006. ISBN 9780309180108. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Rocket Man". R&D. September 4, 2007. Retrieved April 20, 2016. 
^ Chafkin, Max (December 1, 2007). "Entrepreneur of the Year, 2007: Elon Musk". inc.com. 
^ "Tesla Roadster". Index. 2007. Archived from the original on January 18, 2012. 
^ "Tesla Motors team". Tesla Motors. 
^ "SpaceX successfully launches Falcon 1 to orbit". Space Exploration Technologies Corp. 2008. 
^ "Connie Awards". National Wildlife Federation. 2008. Archived from the original on June 29, 2009. 
^ Michels, Jennifer (March 4, 2009). "Aviation Week Reveals Laureate Award Winners". Aviation Week. 
^ "Space Community Gathers at National Space Society's ISDC 2009" (Press release). National Space Society. June 17, 2009. 
^ "Automotive Executive of the Year". DNV Certification. 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Favreau, Jon (April 29, 2010). "The 2010 Time 100". Time. 
^ "Barron Hilton and Elon Musk honoured with the highest FAI awards". Fédération Aéronautique Internationale. December 16, 2010. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ "Living Legend of Aviation Awards". Kittie Hawk Air Academy. 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Caltech Elects Two Innovators to Board of Trustees". 
^ "Trustee List". The California Institute of Technology. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ "Space Foundation Survey Reveals Broad Range of Space Heroes". 
^ Smith, Jacquelyn (February 14, 2011). "America's 20 Most Powerful CEOs 40 And Under". Forbes. Retrieved February 18, 2011. To make this list, you had to be the chief executive of one of the 20 biggest publicly traded companies in the U.S. (as of Feb. 11, by market capitalization) with a CEO aged 40 or under. 
^ Dula, Art (June 16, 2011). "Heinlein Prize Honors Elon Musk of SpaceX". The Heinlein Prize. 
^ "2011 Churchill Club Awards". 
^ "2012 RAeS Gold Medal". 
^ Jonathan Welsh (November 21, 2013). "Tesla's Elon Musk is Fortune Businessperson of the Year". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "IEEE Honorary Membership Recipients" (PDF). IEEE. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ "Social Concepts, Inc: We connect people ™". socialconcepts.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk Named Most Influential Person In The Car Business Teslarati, Retrieved 11 May 2016.
^ "The top 10 business visionaries creating value for the world". Business Insider. Business Insider Inc. 
^ "Philanthropists & Social Entrepreneurs Top 200: From Elon Musk to Melinda Gates, These Are the Most Influential Do-Gooders in the World". Richtopia. Retrieved 29 March 2017. 
^ "200 most influential philanthropists in the world". Naij. Retrieved 31 March 2017. 
^ "Graduation show, Art Center College of Design". Cumulusassociation.org. November 23, 2010. Retrieved August 15, 2013. 
^ Surrey celebrates its honorary graduates, Surrey celebrates graduation 2015, Surrey Graduate, Surrey Alumni Society (Autumn/Winter 2009)[dead link]
^ SEAS Celebrates Class of 2015, Honors Innovators Elon Musk and Dean Kamen, 314th commencement (Spring 2015)
^ "Elon Musk SpaceX Tesla on the Simpsons – Business Insider". Business Insider. January 27, 2015. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ "Tesla CEO Elon Musk To Appear On Upcoming Episode Of The Big Bang Theory - CBS.com". CBS. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ "‘DC’s Legends of Tomorrow’ Power Rankings, Week 2: Burn, Baby, Burn – Observer". Observer. January 29, 2016. Retrieved February 7, 2016. 
^ Field, Kyle. "Tesla Stars In "Racing Extinction" Documentary". CleanTechnica. Retrieved 11 July 2016. 
^ Bova, Dan. "'Why Him?' Director on Elon Musk's Amazing 'I Can't Come to Work Today' Excuse". entrepreneur.com. Retrieved January 29, 2017. 


Further reading

Vance, Ashlee. Elon Musk: How the Billionaire CEO of SpaceX and Tesla is Shaping our Future. Virgin Books (2015). ISBN 9780753555620. Afterthoughts by Ashlee Vance

External links

Find more aboutElon Muskat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity
Data from Wikidata



Elon Musk on IMDb
SolarCity official website
SpaceX official website
Tesla official website
Paypal official website
Open AI official website

Articles

Gimien, Mark (August 17, 1999). "Fast Track". Salon. 
Statement of Elon Musk at House Space and Aeronautics Subcommittee Hearings on the Future Market for Commercial Space (2005)
History of PayPal, gawker.com (2007)
Bailey, Brandon (2010). "Elon Musk: Will his Silicon Valley story have a Hollywood ending?". San Jose Mercury News. 
"Science Fiction Books That Inspired Elon Musk", MediaBistro.com, March 19, 2013.
"Elon Musk’s Space Dream Almost Killed Tesla" (Bloomberg, 2015)

Interviews

Appearances on C-SPAN
"An interview with Elon Musk". HobbySpace. August 5, 2003. 
"Lift off with Elon Musk". Carte Blanche. September 4, 2005. Archived from the original on September 28, 2007. 
Bergin, Chris (January 20, 2006). "SpaceX's Musk and Thompson Q and A". nasaspaceflight.com. 
Video interview of Elon Musk by Zadi Diaz of EPIC FU, June 17, 2008. Retrieved April 27, 2014
Gray, Sadie (January 4, 2009). "Forget the bungalow, retire to Mars". Sunday Times. London, UK. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
Musk profile onInnovation.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014
An interview at the Founders Showcase, August 5, 2010
Elon Musk: 'I'm planning to retire to Mars', video interview for The Guardian, August 1, 2010
60 Minutes interview; March 18, 2012.
A 20 minute interview about sending humans to Mars with BBC's Jonathan Amos, March 20, 2012
Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity, ted.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014
Musk, Elon (January 6, 2015). "I am Elon Musk, CEO/CTO of a rocket company, AMA!". Reddit.com. Retrieved January 7, 2015. 
Elon Musk Powers Up: Inside Tesla's Billion Gigafactory Fast Company (magazine), November 2015
Elon Musk Profiled, Bloomberg Risk Takers (45min) - same video on YouTube
Elon Musk: The future we're building — and boring, ted.com. Retrieved May 7, 2017



Biography portal
Business and economics portal
Cars portal
Ecology portal
Space portal
United States portal








v
t
e


Elon Musk



Companies



Zip2 (1995–1999)
PayPal (1999–2002)
SpaceX (2002–present)
Tesla Motors (2004–present)
SolarCity (2006–present)
OpenAI (2015–present)
The Boring Company (2016–present)
Neuralink (2017–present)





Other endeavors



Hyperloop
Wet Nellie





Family



Maye Musk (mother)
Justine Musk (first wife)
Talulah Riley (second and third wife)
Kimbal Musk (brother)
Tosca Musk (sister)
Lyndon Rive (cousin, CEO of SolarCity)









 Category
 WikiQuote
 Commons













v
t
e


Tesla, Inc.



People



Elon Musk (CEO, Chief Product Architect)
JB Straubel (CTO)
Franz von Holzhausen (Chief Designer)
Martin Eberhard (co-founder, inaugural CEO)








Products




Sedans



Model S
Model 3





Crossovers/SUVs



Model X





Sports cars



Roadster (discontinued)





Others



Powerwall
Autopilot








Collaborations



Mercedes A-Class E-Cell
Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive
Smart electric drive
RAV4 EV Second generation





Facilities



Tesla Factory
Gigafactory 1
Gigafactory Europe
Superchargers and battery-swapping stations
SolarCity Gigafactory





Other



History

Timeline


Dealership disputes
SolarCity









 Category
 Commons













v
t
e


PayPal Mafia



Individuals



Peter Thiel
Reid Hoffman
Max Levchin
Ken Howery
Luke Nosek
Elon Musk
Steve Chen
Keith Rabois
Chad Hurley
Roelof Botha
Jawed Karim
Yishan Wong
Eric M. Jackson
David O. Sacks
Premal Shah
Russel Simmons
Jeremy Stoppelman





Companies founded
or co-founded



PayPal
LinkedIn
YouTube
Slide.com
Yelp
Geni.com
Yammer
SpaceX
Tesla, Inc.
Palantir Technologies
Kiva.org





Investments



Friendster
Facebook
Powerset
Vator
Six Apart
Zynga
IronPort
Flickr
Digg
Grockit
Ooma
Quantcast
RapLeaf
SmartDrive Systems
TransferWise
Ping.fm
Nanosolar
Knewton
Kongregate
Last.fm
TokBox
Xoom
Joost





Funds



Founders Fund
Clarium Capital
Greylock Partners
Sequoia Capital





Other



The PayPal Wars
Thank You for Smoking
The Stanford Review












v
t
e


SpaceX



Vehicles





Rockets






Current




Falcon 9

Full Thrust








In development




Falcon 9 Block 5
Falcon Heavy
ITS launch vehicle






Retired




Falcon 1
Falcon 9

v1.0
v1.1








Cancelled




Falcon 1e
Falcon 5
Falcon 9 Air









Test vehicles




Grasshopper (retired)
F9R Dev1† (destroyed)
DragonFly






Spacecraft




Dragon
Dragon 2
Interplanetary Spaceship
ITS tanker






Reusable hardware




Recovered boosters

B1019


Reused boosters

B1021
B1029


Reused capsules

C106













Engines



Merlin (1A, 1B, 1C, 1D, Vacuum)
Kestrel
Draco
SuperDraco
Raptor
Methalox thruster





Missions





Falcon 1




Demo 1† (FalconSAT-2)
Demo 2† (DemoSat)
Flight 3†

Trailblazer
PRESat
NanoSail-D
Explorers


Ratsat
RazakSAT






Falcon 9






Demonstration flights




Dragon Spacecraft Qualification Unit
NASA COTS Demo Flight 1
Dragon C2+






Dragon ISS logistics




CRS-1
CRS-2
CRS-3
CRS-4
CRS-5
CRS-6
CRS-7†
CRS-8
CRS-9
CRS-10
CRS-11
CRS-12
CRS-13
CRS-14
CRS-15
CRS-16
CRS-17
CRS-18
CRS-19
CRS-20
(missions contracted up to CRS-26)






Commercial satellites




SES-8
Thaicom 6
Orbcomm OG2 × 6
AsiaSat 8
AsiaSat 6
ABS-3A / Eutelsat 115 West B
TürkmenÄlem 52°E
Orbcomm OG2 × 11
SES-9
JCSAT-14
Thaicom 8
ABS-2A / Eutelsat 117 West B
JCSAT-16
Amos-6†
Iridium NEXT 1–10
EchoStar 23
SES-10
Inmarsat-5 F4
BulgariaSat-1
Iridium NEXT 11–20
Intelsat 35e
SES-11
Iridium NEXT 21–30
Koreasat 5A
Iridium NEXT 31–40
Paz
Bangabandhu-1
Iridium NEXT 41–50
SES-16 / GovSat-1
Hispasat 30W-6






Scientific satellites




CASSIOPE
DSCOVR
Jason-3
FormoSat-5
SAOCOM 1A






Military satellites




NROL-76
X-37B OTV-5









Falcon Heavy




Demo Flight
ArabSat 6A
USAF STP-2

DSX
FormoSat-7
LightSail 2
GPIM
DSAC
ISAT


Moon tourists
ViaSat 3
Red Dragon








Launch sites





Orbital




Cape Canaveral, Florida

CCAFS Launch Complex 40
Kennedy Launch Pad 39A


Vandenberg, California

Launch Complex 4E


Brownsville, Texas

Boca Chica


Kwajalein, Marshall Islands

Omelek Island†








Suborbital




McGregor test site
New Mexico test site†








Landing sites



Autonomous spaceport drone ships
Landing Zone 1, Cape Canaveral
Launch Complex 4W, Vandenberg





Other facilities



Headquarters and factory (Hawthorne, California)
Rocket development and test facility (McGregor, Texas)
Satellite development facility (Redmond, Washington)
Regional offices (Chantilly, Houston, Seattle, Washington DC)





Contracts



Commercial Orbital Transportation Services (COTS)
Commercial Resupply Services (CRS)
Commercial Crew Development (CCDev)
Commercial Crew integrated Capability (CCiCap)





R&D programs



SpaceX reusable launch system development program
Falcon 9 first-stage landing tests
Interplanetary Transport System
Red Dragon
SpaceX satellite constellation





People



Elon Musk (CEO, CTO)
Gwynne Shotwell (President & COO)
Tom Mueller (Vice President of Propulsion Development)






Italics indicate unflown vehicles and future missions or sites. † denotes failed missions, destroyed vehicles and abandoned sites.







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 306339060
LCCN: n2014017754
ISNI: 0000 0004 2658 2862
GND: 1062481119
NDL: 001156447










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Elon_Musk&oldid=792423717"					
Categories: Elon Musk1971 births20th-century American businesspeople20th-century American engineers21st-century American businesspeople21st-century American engineersAlumni of Pretoria Boys High SchoolAmerican aerospace businesspeopleAmerican aerospace designersAmerican aerospace engineersAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican chief executives in the automobile industryAmerican chief executives of energy companiesAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican chief executives of manufacturing companiesAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer programmersAmerican corporate directorsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican founders of automobile manufacturersAmerican inventorsAmerican investorsAmerican libertariansAmerican nonprofit executivesAmerican people of British descentAmerican people of Canadian descentAmerican philanthropistsAmerican software engineersAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersAmerican transhumanistsAmerican transportation businesspeopleAutomotive pioneersBasic income proponentsBusinesspeople from Los AngelesBusinesspeople in softwareCalifornia Institute of Technology trusteesChief technology officersEngineers from CaliforniaGiving PledgersLiving peopleHyperloopPayPal peoplePeople associated with solar powerPeople from PretoriaPeople with acquired Canadian citizenshipPioneers of rail transportRoyal Aeronautical Society Gold Medal winnersSouth African emigrants to the United StatesSouth African people of Canadian descentSouth African people of British descentSouth African people of German descentSpace advocatesSpaceX peopleStanford University peopleSustainable transport pioneersTesla Inc. peopleTranshumanistsWharton School of the University of Pennsylvania alumniWhite South African peoplePeople with acquired American citizenship21st-century inventors20th-century Canadian businesspeople21st-century Canadian businesspeopleSouth African business executivesCanadian aerospace engineersSouth African engineersCanadian billionairesSouth African billionairesCanadian chief executivesSouth African chief executivesCanadian computer businesspeopleCanadian computer programmersSouth African computer programmersCanadian corporate directorsSouth African corporate directorsCanadian inventorsSouth African inventorsCanadian financial company foundersSouth African company foundersCanadian investorsSouth African investorsCanadian libertariansCanadian nonprofit executivesCanadian people of British descentCanadian people of South African descentCanadian philanthropistsSouth African philanthropistsCanadian software engineersCanadian technology chief executivesCanadian technology company foundersCanadian transhumanistsCanadian people of German descentAmerican people of Pennsylvania Dutch descentHidden categories: CS1 French-language sources (fr)Accuracy disputes from May 2015All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2016Wikipedia semi-protected pagesUse American English from November 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from February 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with failed verificationArticles with failed verification from October 2015Wikipedia articles in need of updating from March 2016All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBoarischBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalegoગુજરાતી한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLumbaartMagyarमैथिलीMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीМонголNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayZazakiŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 12:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Elon Musk - Wikipedia




















 







Elon Musk

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 26 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Elon Musk



A headshot of Elon Musk in 2015.



Born
Elon Reeve Musk
(1971-06-28) June 28, 1971 (age 46)
Pretoria, Transvaal (now Gauteng), South Africa


Residence
Bel Air, Los Angeles, California, U.S.[1][2]


Citizenship



South African (1971–present)
Canadian (1989–present)
American (2002–present)





Alma mater
Queen's University
University of Pennsylvania[3][4]


Occupation
Entrepreneur, Engineer, Inventor, and Investor


Known for
SpaceX, PayPal, Tesla Inc., Hyperloop, SolarCity, OpenAI, The Boring Company, Neuralink, Zip2


Net worth
US$16.1 billion (July 2017)[5]


Title
CEO and CTO of SpaceX
CEO and product architect of Tesla, Inc.
CEO of Neuralink
Chairman of SolarCity
Co-chairman of OpenAI


Spouse(s)



Justine Musk (m. 2000; div. 2008)
Talulah Riley (m. 2010–div. 2012; m. 2013–div. 2016)[6][7]





Children
6


Parent(s)
Maye Musk (mother)
Errol Graham Musk (father)


Relatives
Tosca Musk (sister)
Kimbal Musk (brother)
Lyndon Rive (cousin)


Signature





Elon Reeve Musk (/ˈiːlɒn ˈmʌsk/; born June 28, 1971) is a South African-born Canadian-American business magnate, investor,[8][9] engineer,[10] and inventor.[15]
Elon is the founder, CEO, and CTO of SpaceX; a co-founder,[16] a Series A investor, CEO, and product architect of Tesla Inc.; co-chairman of OpenAI; founder and CEO of Neuralink. He was previously co-founder and chairman of SolarCity; co-founder of Zip2; and founder of X.com, which merged with Confinity and took the name PayPal.[21] As of July 2017, he has an estimated net worth of $16.1 billion, making him the 80th-wealthiest person in the world.[22] In December 2016, Musk was ranked 21st on the Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[23]
Musk has stated that the goals of SolarCity, Tesla, and SpaceX revolve around his vision to change the world and humanity.[24] His goals include reducing global warming through sustainable energy production and consumption, and reducing the "risk of human extinction" by "making life multiplanetary"[25][26] by establishing a human colony on Mars.
In addition to his primary business pursuits, he has also envisioned a high-speed transportation system known as the Hyperloop, and has proposed a VTOL supersonic jet aircraft with electric fan propulsion, known as the Musk electric jet.[27][28]
Elon also proposed the concept of The Boring Company in 2017.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 Early childhood
1.2 Education


2 Career

2.1 Zip2
2.2 X.com and PayPal
2.3 SpaceX
2.4 Tesla
2.5 SolarCity
2.6 Hyperloop
2.7 OpenAI
2.8 Neuralink
2.9 The Boring Company


3 Subsidies
4 Political positions

4.1 Lobbying


5 Opinions

5.1 Destiny and religion
5.2 Extraterrestrial life
5.3 Artificial intelligence


6 Personal life

6.1 Philanthropy
6.2 Family
6.3 Zolpidem usage


7 Patents
8 Awards and recognition

8.1 Honorary doctorates


9 In popular media
10 References
11 Further reading
12 External links

12.1 Articles
12.2 Interviews





Early life
Early childhood
Musk was born on June 28, 1971, in Pretoria, Transvaal, South Africa,[29] the son of Maye Musk (née Haldeman), a model and dietician from Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada;[30] and Errol Musk, a South African electromechanical engineer, pilot and sailor. He has a younger brother, Kimbal (born 1972), and a younger sister, Tosca (born 1974).[34] His paternal grandmother was British, and he also has Pennsylvania Dutch ancestry.[35][36] His maternal grandfather was American, from Minnesota.[37] After his parents divorced in 1980, Musk lived mostly with his father in the suburbs of Pretoria.[35]
During his childhood he was an avid reader.[38]
At age 10, he developed an interest in computing with the Commodore VIC-20.[39] He taught himself computer programming at the age of 12, sold the code for a BASIC-based video game he created called Blastar, to a magazine called PC and Office Technology, for approximately $500.[40][41] A web version of the game is available online.[40][42]
Musk was severely bullied throughout his childhood, and was once hospitalized when a group of boys threw him down a flight of stairs and then beat him until he lost consciousness.[38]
Musk was initially educated at private schools, attending the English-speaking Waterkloof House Preparatory School. Musk later graduated from Pretoria Boys High School and moved to Canada in June 1989, just before his 18th birthday,[43] after obtaining Canadian citizenship through his Canadian-born mother.[44][45]`
Education
At the age of 17, Musk was accepted into Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, for undergraduate study. In 1992, after spending two years at Queen's University, Musk transferred to the University of Pennsylvania, where in May 1997 he received a Bachelor of Science degree in physics from its College of Arts and Sciences, and a Bachelor of Science degree in economics from its Wharton School of Business. Musk extended his studies for one year to finish the second bachelor's degree.[38][46] While at the University of Pennsylvania, Musk and fellow Penn student Adeo Ressi rented a 10-bedroom fraternity house, using it as an unofficial nightclub.[38]
In 1995, at age 24, Musk moved to California to begin a PhD in applied physics and materials science at Stanford University, but left the program after two days to pursue his entrepreneurial aspirations in the areas of the Internet, renewable energy and outer space.[41][47] In 2002, he became a U.S. citizen.[48][49]
Career
Zip2
Main article: Zip2
In 1995, Musk and his brother, Kimbal, started Zip2, a web software company, with US$28,000 of their father's money.[38] The company developed and marketed an Internet "city guide" for the newspaper publishing industry.[50] Musk obtained contracts with The New York Times and the Chicago Tribune[51] and persuaded the board of directors to abandon plans for a merger with CitySearch.[52] While at Zip2, Musk wanted to become CEO; however, none of the board members would allow it.[38] Compaq acquired Zip2 for US$307 million in cash and US$34 million in stock options in February 1999.[53] Musk received US$22 million for his 7% share from the sale.[51]
X.com and PayPal
Main article: PayPal
In March 1999, Musk co-founded X.com, an online financial services and e-mail payment company, with US$10 million from the sale of Zip2.[43][50][52] One year later, the company merged with Confinity,[51][54] which had a money transfer service called PayPal. The merged company focused on the PayPal service and was renamed PayPal in 2001. PayPal's early growth was driven mainly by a viral marketing campaign where new customers were recruited when they received money through the service.[55] Musk was ousted in October 2000 from his role as CEO (although he remained on the board) due to disagreements with other company leadership, notably over his desire to move PayPal's Unix-based infrastructure to Microsoft Windows.[56] In October 2002, PayPal was acquired by eBay for US$1.5 billion in stock, of which Musk received US$165 million.[57] Before its sale, Musk, who was the company's largest shareholder, owned 11.7% of PayPal's shares.[58]
SpaceX
Main article: SpaceX
In 2001, Musk conceptualized "Mars Oasis"; a project to land a miniature experimental greenhouse on Mars, containing food crops growing on Martian regolith, in an attempt to regain public interest in space exploration.[59][60] In October 2001, Musk travelled to Moscow with Jim Cantrell (an aerospace supplies fixer), and Adeo Ressi (his best friend from college), to buy refurbished Dnepr Intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) that could send the envisioned payloads into space. The group met with companies such as NPO Lavochkin and Kosmotras; however, according to Cantrell, Musk was seen as a novice and was consequently spat on by one of the Russian chief designers,[61] and the group returned to the United States empty-handed. In February 2002, the group returned to Russia to look for three ICBMs, bringing along Mike Griffin, who had worked for the CIA's venture capital arm, In-Q-Tel; NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory; and was just leaving Orbital Sciences, a maker of satellites and spacecraft. The group met again with Kosmotras, and were offered one rocket for US$8 million, however, this was seen by Musk as too expensive; Musk consequently stormed out of the meeting. On the flight back from Moscow, Musk realized that he could start a company that could build the affordable rockets he needed.[61] According to early Tesla and SpaceX investor Steve Jurvetson,[62] Musk calculated that the raw materials for building a rocket actually were only 3 percent of the sales price of a rocket at the time. It was concluded that theoretically, by applying vertical integration and the modular approach from software engineering, SpaceX could cut launch price by a factor of ten and still enjoy a 70-percent gross margin.[63] Ultimately, Musk ended up founding SpaceX with the long-term goal of creating a "true spacefaring civilization".[64]




Musk and President Barack Obama at the Falcon 9 launch site in 2010


With US$100 million of his early fortune,[65] Musk founded Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, in May 2002.[66] Musk is chief executive officer (CEO) and chief technology officer (CTO) of the Hawthorne, California-based company. SpaceX develops and manufactures space launch vehicles with a focus on advancing the state of rocket technology. The company's first two launch vehicles are the Falcon 1 and Falcon 9 rockets (a nod to Star Wars' Millennium Falcon), and its first spacecraft is the Dragon (a nod to Puff the Magic Dragon).[67] In seven years, SpaceX designed the family of Falcon launch vehicles and the Dragon multipurpose spacecraft. In September 2008, SpaceX's Falcon 1 rocket became the first privately funded liquid-fueled vehicle to put a satellite into Earth orbit.[38] On May 25, 2012, the SpaceX Dragon vehicle berthed with the ISS, making history as the first commercial company to launch and berth a vehicle to the International Space Station.[68]
In 2006, SpaceX was awarded a contract from NASA to continue the development and test of the SpaceX Falcon 9 launch vehicle and Dragon spacecraft in order to transport cargo to the International Space Station,[69][not in citation given] followed by a US$1.6 billion NASA Commercial Resupply Services program contract on December 23, 2008, for 12 flights of its Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station, replacing the US Space Shuttle after it retired in 2011.[70] Astronaut transport to the ISS is currently handled solely by the Soyuz, but SpaceX is one of two companies awarded a contract by NASA as part of the Commercial Crew Development program, which is intended to develop a US astronaut transport capability by 2018.[71] On 22 December 2015, SpaceX successfully landed the first stage of its Falcon rocket back at the launch pad. This was the first time in history such a feat had been achieved by an orbital rocket and is a significant step towards rocket reusability lowering the costs of access to space.[72] This first stage recovery was replicated several times in 2016 by landing on an Autonomous spaceport drone ship, an ocean based recovery platform.[73]
SpaceX is both the largest private producer of rocket engines in the world, and holder of the record for highest thrust-to-weight ratio for a rocket engine.[74] SpaceX has produced more than 100 operational Merlin 1D engines, currently the world's most powerful engine for its weight.[75] The relatively immense power to weight ratio allows each Merlin 1D engine to vertically lift the weight of 40 average family cars. In combination, the 9 Merlin engines in the Falcon 9 first stage produces anywhere from 5.8 to 6.7 MN (1.3 to 1.5 million pounds) of thrust, depending on altitude.[76]
Musk was influenced by Isaac Asimov's Foundation series[77] and views space exploration as an important step in preserving and expanding the consciousness of human life.[78] Musk said that multiplanetary life may serve as a hedge against threats to the survival of the human species.

An asteroid or a super volcano could destroy us, and we face risks the dinosaurs never saw: an engineered virus, inadvertent creation of a micro black hole, catastrophic global warming or some as-yet-unknown technology could spell the end of us. Humankind evolved over millions of years, but in the last sixty years atomic weaponry created the potential to extinguish ourselves. Sooner or later, we must expand life beyond this green and blue ball—or go extinct.

Musk's goal is to reduce the cost of human spaceflight by a factor of 10.[79] In a 2011 interview, he said he hopes to send humans to Mars' surface within 10–20 years.[80] In Ashlee Vance's biography, Musk stated that he wants to establish a Mars colony by 2040, with a population of 80,000.[39] Musk stated that, since Mars' atmosphere lacks oxygen, all transportation would have to be electric (electric cars, electric trains, Hyperloop, electric aircraft).[81] Space X intends to launch a Dragon spacecraft on a Falcon Heavy in 2018 to soft-land on Mars - this is intended to be the first of a regular cargo mission supply-run to Mars building up to later crewed flights.[82] Musk stated in June 2016 that the first unmanned flight of the larger Mars Colonial Transporter (MCT) spacecraft is aimed for departure to the red planet in 2022, to be followed by the first manned MCT Mars flight departing in 2024.[83] In September 2016, Musk revealed details of his plan to explore and colonize Mars.[84] By 2016, Musk's private trust holds 54% of SpaceX stock, equivalent to 78% of voting shares.[85]
Tesla
Main article: Tesla, Inc.
Tesla, Inc. (originally Tesla Motors) was incorporated in July 2003 by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning, who financed the company until the Series A round of funding.[86]
Both men played active roles in the company's early development prior to Elon Musk's involvement.[87] Musk led the Series A round of investment in February 2004, joining Tesla's board of directors as its chairman.[88] Musk took an active role within the company and oversaw Roadster product design at a detailed level, but was not deeply involved in day-to-day business operations.[89]
Following the financial crisis in 2008,[90] Musk assumed leadership of the company as CEO and product architect, positions he still holds today. Tesla Motors first built an electric sports car, the Tesla Roadster in 2008, with sales of about 2,500 vehicles to 31 countries. Tesla began delivery of its four-door Model S sedan on June 22, 2012. It unveiled its third product, the Model X, aimed at the SUV/minivan market, on February 9, 2012; the Model X launch was however delayed until September 2015.[91][92][93] In addition to its own cars, Tesla sells electric powertrain systems to Daimler for the Smart EV, Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive and Mercedes A Class and to Toyota for the RAV4 EV. Musk was able to bring in both companies as long-term investors in Tesla.[94]







Musk observing an assembly demo at the reopening of the NUMMI plant, now known as the Tesla Factory (Fremont, California) in 2010









Musk standing in front of a Tesla Model S in 2011









Musk and Senator Dianne Feinstein next to a Tesla Model S (2010)




Musk has favored building a sub-US$30,000 compact Tesla model and building and selling electric vehicle powertrain components so that other automakers can produce electric vehicles at affordable prices without having to develop the products in-house; this led to the Model 3 that is planned to have a base price of US$35,000.[95] Several mainstream publications have compared him with Henry Ford for his work on advanced vehicle powertrains.[96]
In a May 2013 interview with All Things Digital, Musk said that to overcome the range limitations of electric cars, Tesla is "dramatically accelerating" its network of supercharger stations, tripling the number on the East and West coasts of the U.S. that June, with plans for more expansion across North America, including Canada, throughout the year.[97] As of January 29, 2016, Musk owns about 28.9 million Tesla shares, which equates to about 22% of the company.[98][99]
As of 2014, Musk's annual salary is one dollar, similar to Steve Jobs and other CEOs, the remainder of his compensation is in the form of stock and performance-based bonuses.[100][101]
In 2014, Musk announced that Tesla would allow its technology patents to be used by anyone in good faith in a bid to entice automobile manufacturers to speed up development of electric cars. "The unfortunate reality is electric car programs (or programs for any vehicle that doesn't burn hydrocarbons) at the major manufacturers are small to non-existent, constituting an average of far less than 1% of their total vehicle sales", Musk said.[102]
In February 2016, Musk announced that he had acquired the Tesla.com domain name from Stu Grossman, who had owned it since 1992 and changed Tesla's homepage to that domain.[103]
SolarCity
Main article: SolarCity
Musk provided the initial concept and financial capital for SolarCity, which was then co-founded in 2006 by his cousins Lyndon and Peter Rive.[104][105] SolarCity is now the second largest provider of solar power systems in the United States.[106]
The underlying motivation for funding both SolarCity and Tesla is to help combat global warming.[107] In 2012, Musk announced that SolarCity and Tesla are collaborating to use electric vehicle batteries to smooth the impact of rooftop solar on the power grid, with the program going live in 2013.[108]
On June 17, 2014, Musk committed to building in Buffalo, New York, a SolarCity advanced production facility that would triple the size of the largest solar plant in the United States. Musk stated the plant will be "one of the single largest solar panel production plants in the world", and it will be followed by one or more even bigger facilities in subsequent years.[109][needs update]
In June 2016, Musk's car company, Tesla, formally submitted an offer to acquire SolarCity.[110]
Hyperloop
Main articles: Hyperloop and Hyperloop pod competition
On August 12, 2013, Musk unveiled a concept for a high-speed transportation system incorporating reduced-pressure tubes in which pressurized capsules ride on an air cushion driven by linear induction motors and air compressors.[111] The mechanism for releasing the concept was an alpha-design document that, in addition to scoping out the technology, outlined a notional route where such a transport system might be built: between the Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area.[112]
After earlier envisioning Hyperloop, Musk assigned a dozen engineers from Tesla and SpaceX who worked for nine months, establishing the conceptual foundations and creating the designs for the transportation system.[113][114] An early design for the system was then published in a whitepaper posted to the Tesla and SpaceX blogs.[115][116][117] Musk's proposal, if technologically feasible at the costs he has cited, would make Hyperloop travel cheaper than any other mode of transport for such long distances. The alpha design was proposed to use a partial vacuum to reduce aerodynamic drag, which it is theorized would allow for high-speed travel with relatively low power, with certain other features like air-bearing skis and an inlet compressor to reduce air drag. The alpha design document estimated the total cost of an LA-to-SF Hyperloop system at US$6 billion, but this amount is speculative.[118]
In June 2015, Musk announced a design competition for students and others to build Hyperloop pods to operate on a SpaceX-sponsored mile-long track in a 2015–2017 Hyperloop pod competition. The track was used in January 2017, and Musk also started building a tunnel.[119]
Hyperloop One, a company unaffiliated with Musk, had announced that it had done its first successful test run on its DevLoop track in Nevada on July 13, 2017. It was on May 12, 2017 at 12:02 A.M and had lasted 5.3 seconds, reaching a top speed of 70 mph.[120]
On July 25, 2017, Elon Musk announced that he had gotten approval from the Department of Transportation to build a hyperloop from New York City to Washington D.C stopping in both Philadelphia and Baltimore.[121]
OpenAI
Main article: OpenAI
In December 2015, Elon Musk announced the creation of OpenAI, a not-for-profit artificial intelligence (AI) research company. OpenAI aims to develop artificial general intelligence in a way that is safe and beneficial to humanity.[122]
By making AI available to everyone, OpenAI wants to "counteract large corporations who may gain too much power by owning super-intelligence systems devoted to profits, as well as governments which may use AI to gain power and even oppress their citizenry".[123]
Neuralink
Main article: Neuralink
In 2016, Musk co-founded Neuralink, a neurotechnology startup company, to integrate the human brain with artificial intelligence. The company, which is still in the earliest stages of existence, is centered on creating devices that can be implanted in the human brain, with the eventual purpose of helping human beings merge with software and keep pace with advancements in artificial intelligence. These enhancements could improve memory or allow for more direct interfacing with computing devices.[124]
The Boring Company
Main article: The Boring Company
On December 17, 2016, while stuck in traffic, Musk tweeted "Am going to build a tunnel boring machine and just start digging..." The company was named 'The Boring Company'.[125] On January 21, 2017, Musk tweeted "Exciting progress on the tunnel front. Plan to start digging in a month or so."[126] The first tunnel will start on the SpaceX campus,[127] and will probably go to a nearby parking garage. As of January 26, 2017, discussions with regulatory bodies have begun,[128] but no requests for permits to dig in the Los Angeles area have yet been filed with the California Department of Transportation.[129]
In February 2017, the company began digging a 30-foot-wide, 50-foot-long, and 15-foot-deep "test trench" on the premises of Space X's offices in Los Angeles, since the construction requires no permits.[130][131]
Subsidies
Musk has stated that he does not believe the U.S. government should provide subsidies to companies but should instead use a carbon tax to price in the negative externality of air pollution and discourage "bad behavior." Musk argues that the free market would achieve the "best solution," and that producing environmentally unfriendly vehicles should come with its own consequences.[132]
Musk's statements have been widely criticized, with Stanford University Professor Fred Turner noting that "if you're an entrepreneur like Elon Musk, you will take the money where you can get it, but at the same time believe as a matter of faith that it's entrepreneurship and technology that are the sources of social change, not the state. It is not quite self-delusion, but there is a habit of thinking of oneself as a free-standing, independent agent, and of not acknowledging the subsidies that one received. And this goes on all the time in Silicon Valley."[133] Author Michael Shellenberger argued that "in the case of Musk, it is hard not to read that as a kind of defensiveness. And I think there is a business reason for it. They are dealing with a lot of investors for whom subsidies are not the basis for a long-term viable business, and they often want to exaggerate the speed with which they are going to be able to become independent." Shellenberger continues, "we would all be better off if these entrepreneurs were a bit more grateful, a bit more humble." While journalist and author Jim Motavalli, who interviewed Musk for High Voltage, his 2011 book about the electric vehicle industry, speculated that "Elon is now looking at it from the point of view of a winner, and he doesn't want to see other people win because they get government money – I do think there is a tendency of people, once they have succeeded, to want to pull the ladder up after them."[134]
In 2015, Musk's statements were subject to further scrutiny when an LA Times article claimed that SpaceX, Tesla, SolarCity and buyers of their products had or were projected to receive together an estimated US$4.9 billion in government subsidies over twenty years. One example given is New York state, which is spending $750 million to build a solar panel factory in Buffalo which will be leased to SolarCity for $1 a year. The deal also includes no property taxes for a decade, an estimated $260 million valuation. Musk employs a former U.S. State Department official as the chief negotiator for Tesla.[135]
Political positions




Musk speaking alongside Irish Taoiseach (Prime Minister) Enda Kenny


Politically, Musk has described himself as "half Democrat, half Republican." In his own words: "I'm somewhere in the middle, socially liberal and fiscally conservative."[136] In 2016, Musk became a member of two of then President-elect Donald Trump's presidential advisory committees (the Strategic and Policy Forum[137][138][139][140] and Manufacturing Jobs Initiative)[141] but resigned from both in 2017, in protest at Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement on climate change.[142][143]
Musk has described himself as "nauseatingly pro-American." According to Musk, the United States is "[inarguably] the greatest country that has ever existed on Earth," describing it as "the greatest force for good of any country that's ever been." Musk believes outright that there "would not be democracy in the world if not for the United States," arguing there were "three separate occasions in the 20th-century where democracy would have fallen with World War I, World War II and the Cold War, if not for the United States." Musk also stated that he thinks "it would be a mistake to say the United States is perfect, it certainly is not. There have been many foolish things the United States has done and bad things the United States has done."[144]
Prompted by the emergence of self-driving cars and Artificial Intelligence, Musk has voiced support for a Universal Basic Income.[145]
Prior to the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Musk criticized candidate Trump by saying: "I feel a bit stronger that he is probably not the right guy. He doesn't seem to have the sort of character that reflects well on the United States."[146] Following Donald Trump's inauguration, Musk expressed approval of Trump's choice of Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State and accepted an invitation to appear on a panel advising President Trump. Regarding his cooperation with Trump, Musk has subsequently commented: "The more voices of reason that the President hears, the better."[147]
Lobbying
In an interview with the Washington Post, Musk stated he was a "significant (though not top-tier) donor to Democrats, but that he also gives heavily to Republicans." Musk further stated, "in order to have your voice be heard in Washington, you have to make some little contribution."[148][149]
A recent report from the Sunlight Foundation (a nonpartisan group that tracks government spending), found that "SpaceX has spent over US$4 million on lobbying Congress since it was established in 2002 and doled out more than US$800,000 in political contributions" to Democrats and Republicans. The same report noted that "SpaceX's campaign to win political support has been systematic and sophisticated", and that "unlike most tech-startups, SpaceX has maintained a significant lobbying presence in Washington almost since day 1". The report further noted that "Musk himself has donated roughly US$725,000 to various campaigns since 2002. In 2004, he contributed US$2,000 to President George W. Bush's reelection campaign, maxing out (over US$100,000)[150] to Obama's reelection campaign and donated US$5,000 to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who represents Florida, a state critical to the space industry. (...) All told, Musk and SpaceX gave out roughly US$250,000 in the 2012 election cycle."[148][151] Additionally, SpaceX hired former Republican Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott to represent the company, via the Washington-based lobbying group Patton Boggs LLP. Alongside Patton Boggs LLP, SpaceX uses several other outside lobbying firms, who work alongside SpaceX's own lobbyists.[152]
Musk had been a supporter of the U.S. political action committee (PAC) FWD.us, which was started by fellow high-profile entrepreneur Mark Zuckerberg and advocates for immigration reform. However, in May 2013, Musk publicly withdrew his support in protest of advertisements the PAC was running that supported causes like the Keystone Pipeline. Musk and other members, including David O. Sacks, pulled out, criticizing the strategy as "cynical".[153] Musk further stated, "we shouldn't give in to the politics. If we give in to that, we'll get the political system we deserve."[154]
In December 2013, Sean Becker of the media/political website Mic called Musk a "complete hypocrite", stating that "[for] the 2014 election cycle, Musk has contributed to the Longhorn PAC and the National Republican Congressional Committee — both of which have funded the campaigns of anti-science, anti-environment candidates such as Rep. Michelle Bachman (R-Minn.)."[154] Musk has directly contributed to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who has been accused of holding similar positions regarding climate change.[151]
Opinions
Destiny and religion
When asked whether he believed "there was some kind of destiny involved" in humanity's transition to a multi-planetary species, rather than "just physics", Musk responded:

Well, I do. Do I think that there's some sort of master intelligence architecting all of this stuff? I think probably not because then you have to say: "Where does the master intelligence come from?" So it sort of begs the question. So I think really you can explain this with the fundamental laws of physics. You know its complex phenomenon from simple elements.[155]

Musk has stated that he does not pray, or worship any being, although previously admitted to praying before an important Falcon 1 launch, asking "any entities that [were] listening" to "bless [the] launch". When asked whether he believed "religion and science could co-exist", Musk replied "probably not".[156]
Extraterrestrial life
Although Musk believes "there is a good chance that there is simple life on other planets", he "questions whether there is other intelligent life in the known universe".[156] Musk later clarified his "hope that there is other intelligent life in the known universe", and stated that it is "probably more likely than not, but that's a complete guess."[157]
Musk has also considered the simulation hypothesis as a potential solution to the Fermi paradox:

The absence of any noticeable life may be an argument in favour of us being in a simulation.... Like when you're playing an adventure game, and you can see the stars in the background, but you can't ever get there. If it's not a simulation, then maybe we're in a lab and there's some advanced alien civilization that's just watching how we develop, out of curiosity, like mould in a petri dish.... If you look at our current technology level, something strange has to happen to civilizations, and I mean strange in a bad way. ... And it could be that there are a whole lot of dead, one-planet civilizations.[158]

Artificial intelligence
Musk has frequently spoken out about the potential dangers of artificial intelligence, declaring it "the most serious threat to the survival of the human race". During an interview at the MIT AeroAstro Centennial Symposium, Musk described AI as "[humanity's] biggest existential threat", further stating, "I'm increasingly inclined to think that there should be some regulatory oversight, maybe at the national and international level, just to make sure that we don't do something very foolish." Musk described the creation of artificial intelligence as "summoning the demon".[159][160]
Despite this, Musk has previously invested in DeepMind, an AI firm, and Vicarious, a company working to improve machine intelligence. In January 2015, he donated $10 million to the Future of Life Institute, an organization focused on challenges posed by advanced technologies.[161] He is the co-chairman of OpenAI, a nonprofit artificial intelligence research company.[162]
Musk has said that his investments are, "not from the standpoint of actually trying to make any investment return... I like to just keep an eye on what's going on with artificial intelligence". Musk continued, "There have been movies about this, you know, like Terminator – there are some scary outcomes. And we should try to make sure the outcomes are good, not bad."[163]
In June 2016, he was asked whether he thinks humans live in a computer simulation, to which he answered "probably". Elaborated as follows:

The strongest argument for us probably being in a simulation I think is the following: 40 years ago we had Pong – two rectangles and a dot. That's where we were. Now 40 years later we have photorealistic, 3D simulations with millions of people playing simultaneously and it's getting better every year. And soon we'll have virtual reality, we'll have augmented reality. If you assume any rate of improvement at all, then the games will become indistinguishable from reality, just indistinguishable.[164]

Personal life
Musk owned a McLaren F1 supercar, which he crashed while it was uninsured.[165] He also previously owned an Aero L-39, a Czech-made jet trainer aircraft .[166]
The 1994 model Dassault Falcon 900 aircraft used in the 2005 film Thank You for Smoking is registered to Musk (N900SX),[167] and Musk had a cameo as the pilot of his plane, opening the door for Robert Duvall and escorting Aaron Eckhart aboard. Musk owns Wet Nellie, the Lotus Esprit from the James Bond film The Spy Who Loved Me. He plans to convert it into the functional car-submarine from the film.[168]
Musk attended the Burning Man festival in 2004 and has said he first thought up the idea for SolarCity at the festival.[108]
Tosca Musk, Elon's sister, is a filmmaker. She is the founder of Musk Entertainment and has produced various movies.[169]
Musk stated that he wants to die on Mars, just not on impact.[170]
Philanthropy
Musk is chairman of the Musk Foundation, which focuses its philanthropic efforts on providing solar-power energy systems in disaster areas. In 2010, the Musk Foundation collaborated with SolarCity to donate a 25-kW solar power system to the South Bay Community Alliance's (SBCA) hurricane response center in Coden, Alabama.[171] In July 2011, the Musk Foundation donated US$250,000 towards a solar power project in Sōma, Japan, a city that had been recently devastated by tsunami.[172]
In July 2014, Musk was asked by cartoonist Matthew Inman and William Terbo, the grandnephew of Nikola Tesla, to donate US$8 million toward the construction of the Tesla Science Center at Wardenclyffe.[173] Ultimately, Musk agreed to donate US$1 million toward the project and additionally pledged to build a Tesla Supercharger in the museum car park.[174]
Musk donated US$10 million to the Future of Life Institute in January 2015, to run a global research program aimed at keeping artificial intelligence beneficial to humanity.[175][161][176]
As of 2015, Musk is a trustee of the X Prize Foundation[177] and a signatory of The Giving Pledge.[178]
Family
Musk met his first wife, Canadian author Justine Wilson, while both were students at Ontario's Queen's University. They married in 2000 and separated in 2008.[179]
Their first son, Nevada Alexander Musk, died of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) at the age of ten weeks.[180] They later had five sons through in vitro fertilization – twins in 2004, followed by triplets in 2006 – all of whom they share custody.[181]
In 2008, Musk began dating English actress Talulah Riley, and in 2010, the couple married. In January 2012, Musk announced that he had ended his four-year relationship with Riley,[33][182] tweeting to Riley, "It was an amazing four years. I will love you forever. You will make someone very happy one day."[183] In July 2013, Musk and Riley remarried. In December 2014, Musk filed for a second divorce from Riley, however, the action was withdrawn.[7] It was announced in March 2016 that divorce proceedings were again under way, this time with Riley filing for divorce from Musk.[184] The divorce was finalized in late 2016.[185]
Zolpidem usage
In an apparent self-admission of mixing Zolpidem and alcohol, Musk tweeted in June 2017 "A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!".[186] Health authorities advise to not take Zolpidem together with alcohol, which can be a highly addictive combination and increase the risk of experiencing dangerous side-effects.[187] Musk gained media attention for advocating a dangerous drug combination publicly on his social media.[188][189]
Patents


Title
Application number
Grant number
Application date
Grant date
Original assignee


Funnel shaped charge inlet[190]
13/549185
8579635
2012-07-13
2013-11-12
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle charge inlet[191]
29/427056
D724031
2012-07-13
2015-03-10
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle[192]
29/412833
D683268
2012-02-08
2013-05-28
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle door[193]
29/412841
D678154
2012-02-08
2013-03-19
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Awards and recognition

In 2006, Musk served as a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences Aeronautics and Space Engineering Board.[194]
R&D Magazine Innovator of the Year for 2007 for SpaceX, Tesla, and SolarCity.[195]
Inc Magazine Entrepreneur of the Year award for 2007 for his work on Tesla and SpaceX.[196]
2007 Index Design award for his design of the Tesla Roadster.[197] Global Green 2006 product design award for his design of the Tesla Roadster, presented by Mikhail Gorbachev.[198]
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics George Low award for the most outstanding contribution in the field of space transportation in 2007/2008. Musk was recognized for his design of the Falcon 1, the first privately developed liquid-fuel rocket to reach orbit.[199]
National Wildlife Federation 2008 National Conservation Achievement award for Tesla and SolarCity. Other 2008 recipients include journalist Thomas Friedman, U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT), and Florida Governor Charlie Crist.[200]
The Aviation Week 2008 Laureate for the most significant achievement worldwide in the space industry.[201]
National Space Society's Von Braun Trophy in 2008/2009, given for leadership of the most significant achievement in space. Prior recipients include Burt Rutan and Steve Squyres.[202]
Automotive Executive of the Year (worldwide) in 2010 for demonstrating technology leadership and innovation via Tesla. Prior awardees include Bill Ford Jr, Bob Lutz, Dieter Zetsche and Lee Iacocca. Musk is the youngest ever recipient of this award.[203]
Listed as one of Time's 100 people who most affected the world in 2010.[204]
The world governing body for aerospace records, Fédération Aéronautique Internationale, presented Musk in 2010 with the highest award in air and space, the FAI Gold Space Medal, for designing the first privately developed rocket to reach orbit. Prior recipients include Neil Armstrong, Burt Rutan of Scaled Composites and John Glenn.[205]
Named as one of the 75 most influential people of the 21st century by Esquire magazine.[78]
Recognized as a Living Legend of Aviation in 2010 by the Kitty Hawk Foundation for creating the successor to the Space Shuttle (Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft). Other recipients include Buzz Aldrin and Richard Branson.[206]
In 2010, Musk was elected to the board of trustees of the California Institute of Technology,[207] however no longer holds the position.[208]
In a 2010 Space Foundation survey, he was ranked as the No. 10 (tied with rocketry pioneer and scientist Wernher von Braun) most popular space hero.[209]
In February 2011, Forbes listed Musk as one of "America's 20 Most Powerful CEOs 40 And Under".[210]
In June 2011, Musk was awarded the US$250,000 Heinlein Prize for Advances in Space Commercialization[211]
In 2011, Musk was honored as a Legendary Leader at the Churchill Club Awards.[212]
In 2012, Musk was awarded the Royal Aeronautical Society's highest award: a Gold Medal.[213]
Musk was the 2012 recipient of Smithsonian magazine's American Ingenuity Award in the Technology category.
In 2013, Musk was named the Fortune Businessperson of the year for SpaceX, SolarCity, and Tesla.[214]
In 2015, he was awarded IEEE Honorary Membership.[215]
As of 2015, Musk serves on the board of advisors of Social Concepts, Inc.[216]
In 2016, The Drive, a division of Time, named Musk the most influential person in the car business and as the second most influential person in the automotive tech sector.[217]
In June 2016, Business Insider named Musk one of the "Top 10 Business Visionaries Creating Value for the World" along with Mark Zuckerberg and Sal Khan.[218]
In December 2016, Musk was ranked 21st on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[23]
In March 2017, Musk was listed by UK-based company Richtopia at number 3 in the list of 200 Most Influential Philanthropists and Social Entrepreneurs.[219][220]

Honorary doctorates

Honorary doctorate in Design from the Art Center College of Design[221]
Honorary doctorate (DUniv) in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Surrey[222]
Honorary doctorate of Engineering and Technology from Yale University[223]

In popular media
In the 2005 film Thank You for Smoking, Musk had a cameo as the pilot of his own plane, opening the door for the Captain (Robert Duvall) and escorting Nick Naylor (Aaron Eckhart) aboard. In Iron Man 2 (2010), he met Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) in a restaurant, and had some brief lines regarding an "idea for an electric jet". In 2014, he was satirized in the South Park episode "Handicar". He later made a guest appearance in three more episodes of South Park in 2016, this time voicing himself in the episodes "Members Only", "Not Funny", and "The End of Serialization as We Know It." In January 2015, he made a guest appearance playing himself on The Simpsons in an episode titled "The Musk Who Fell to Earth"; the episode poked fun at many of the inventor's ideas.[224]
In November 2015, Musk appeared in an episode of The Big Bang Theory, playing himself, volunteering at a soup kitchen with Howard.[225] In 2016 Musk was referenced by Dr. Martin Stein on The CW time-travel TV show DC's Legends of Tomorrow. During a time travel to the past, Stein meets his younger self and introduced himself as Elon Musk, to disguise his own identity.[226] Following the same TV universe on The CW, in the DC Superhero series The Flash, one of the characters[who?] quoted that he wished he'd be like Elon Musk on alternate universes.[citation needed]
Musk was also featured in the 2015 environmental documentary Racing Extinction, in which a custom Tesla Model S was designed to help project images of critically endangered species onto public buildings, including the Empire State Building and the Vatican.[227]
In 2016 Musk appeared as himself in the romantic comedy film Why Him? where he was briefly met by one of the main characters, Ned Flemming played by Bryan Cranston, in a bar at a party.[228]
References


^ "Billionaire Tesla CEO Elon Musk Buys Neighbor's Home in Bel Air For Million". Forbes. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ "Inside Elon Musk's M Bel Air Mansion". Bloomberg News. Retrieved August 21, 2013. 
^ Hull, Dana (April 11, 2014). "Timeline: Elon Musk's accomplishments". Retrieved June 11, 2015 – via Mercury News. 
^ Zanerhaft, Jaron (2013). "Elon Musk: Patriarchs and Prodigies". CSQ. C-Suite Quarterly. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ "The World's Billionaires List". Forbes. Retrieved July 25, 2017. 
^ "Actor Talulah Riley files to divorce billionaire Elon Musk, again". The Guardian. March 21, 2016. Retrieved April 20, 2016. The pair first married in 2010 and divorced in 2012. They remarried 18 months later. 
^ a b "Elon Musk withdraws Talulah Riley divorce papers after being spotted at Allen & Company conference". Mail Online. August 5, 2015. 
^ Curtis, Sophie (November 10, 2014). "Elon Musk 'to launch fleet of internet satellites'". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved June 23, 2015. Elon Musk, inventor and business magnate 
^ Vance, Ashlee (September 13, 2012). "Elon Musk, the 21st Century Industrialist". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved June 23, 2015. 
^ "Early Career Engineers, Conferences and Careers". asme.org. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Bellis, Mary. "Biography of Elon Musk". inventors.about.com. About.com. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ "The Top 10 Venture Capitalists on 2014's Midas List". Forbes. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Albergotti, Reed (March 21, 2014). "Zuckerberg, Musk Invest in Artificial Intelligence Company". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Love, Dylan (March 21, 2014). "Elon Musk And Mark Zuckerberg Have Invested Million in a Mysterious Artificial Intelligence Company". Business Insider. Business Insider. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ [11][12][13][14]
^ Shanklin, Emily (27 March 2017). "Elon Musk". SpaceX. Retrieved 17 June 2017. 
^ Martin LaMonica (September 21, 2009). "Tesla Motors founders: Now there are five". CNET. 
^ "A Brief history of Tesla". Tech Crunch. January 4, 2013. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Tesla was founded not by Elon Musk, but rather by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning in July 2003. The two bootstrapped the fledgling auto company until Elon Musk led the company's  million Series A financing round in February 2004, when Musk became the company's Chairman of the Board. 
^ Hardy, Quentin; Bilton, Nick (March 16, 2014). "Start-Ups Aim to Conquer Space Market". The New York Times. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Space Exploration Technologies, or Space X, started by the Tesla founder Elon Musk 
^ "Trust Your Own Focus Group of One". Entrepreneur.com. April 11, 2014. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Elon Musk, founder of PayPal, Tesla and SpaceX 
^ [17][18][19][20]
^ "Elon Musk". Forbes.com. Retrieved 21 March 2017. 
^ a b "The World's Most Powerful People". Forbes. December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Youtube Video - Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity". 
^ Why Invest In Making Life Multi-Planetary? Elon Musk. December 13, 2011. Retrieved February 21, 2016 – via YouTube. 
^ Ross Andersen (September 30, 2014). "Elon Musk puts his case for a multi-planet civilisation". Aeon. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ Jonathan Charlton. "Elon Musk 'Toying' with Designs for Electric Jet". Aviation.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk on dodging a nervous breakdown (2013). YouTube. March 16, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk (South African entrepreneur)". Britannica Online Encyclopedia. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ a b His Biography author Ashlee Vance interviewed on the TV show Triangulation on the TWiT.tv network, discussion of his family starts around the 15th minute
^ Friend, Tad (2009). "Plugged In". The New Yorker. 85 (23–30): 53. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ Masia, Seth (May 2011). "A Family Leads to the Installer Universe". Solar Today. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ a b Elliott, Hannah (March 3, 2012). "At Home With Elon Musk: The (Soon-to-Be) Bachelor Billionaire". Forbes. Retrieved August 12, 2013. 
^ [30][31][32][33]
^ a b Hall, Dana (April 11, 2014). "Rocket Man: The otherworldly ambitions of Elon Musk". San Jose Mercury News. Retrieved April 14, 2014. 
^ Hannah Elliott. "At Home With Elon Musk: The (Soon-to-Be) Bachelor Billionaire". Forbes. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ "Tweet". February 5, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g Vance, Ashlee (2015). Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future. ISBN 978-0062301239. 
^ a b Pierre Haski (May 28, 2015). "Elon Musk (Tesla, SpaceX): génie ou prédateur de la Silicon Valley?" (in French). rue89.nouvelobs.com. 
^ a b "Play the PC game Elon Musk wrote as a pre-teen". 
^ a b Belfiore, Michael (2007). "Chapter 7: Orbit on a Shoestring". Rocketeers. Harper Collins. pp. 166–95. ISBN 978-0-06-114902-3. 
^ "Blastar for HTML5". blastar-1984.appspot.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ a b "37 Interesting Facts about Elon Musk, One of the Most Innovative Entrepreneurs of Our Time". BoomsBeat.com. February 14, 2014. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Davis, Johnny (August 4, 2007). "One more giant leap". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ Diggelen, Alison van (February 7, 2013). "Iron Man, Growing up in South Africa". Fresh Dialogues. Retrieved November 1, 2013. I actually filled out the forms for her and got her a Canadian passport, and me too. Within three weeks of getting my Canadian passport, I was in Canada. 
^ Robin Keats (2013). "Rocket man". Queen's University. Archived from the original on May 4, 2015. 
^ Inspirations with Elon Musk. OnInnovation. Retrieved June 24, 2010. 
^ Junod, Tom (November 15, 2012). "Triumph of His Will". Esquire. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ Clark, Steve (September 27, 2014). "SpaceX chief: Commercial launch sites necessary step to Mars". Brownsville Herald. Retrieved September 30, 2014. 
^ a b Friedman, Josh (April 22, 2003), "Entrepreneur Tries His Midas Touch in Space", Los Angeles Times 
^ a b c "Elon Musk Biography". Advameg. August 23, 2005. 
^ a b Kidder, David; Hoffman, Reid (2013). The Startup Playbook: Secrets of the Fastest Growing Start-Ups from the founding Entrepreneurs. San Francisco, CA: Chronicle Books. pp. 2224–228. ISBN 978-1452105048. 
^ Junnarkar, Sandeep (February 16, 1999). "Compaq buys Zip2". CNET. 
^ Jackson, Erik (2004). The PayPal Wars. Los Angeles, CA: World Ahead Publishing. pp. 40, 69, 130, 163. 
^ Musk, Elon (October 8, 2003). Success Through Viral Marketing: PayPal. Entrepreneurial Thought Leaders Lecture. 
^ "The PayPal Mafia". Fortune. Retrieved July 4, 2015. 
^ "SEC 10-K" (PDF). eBay. December 31, 2002. 
^ "SEC 10-K". Paypal. December 31, 2001. 
^ McKnight, John Carter (September 25, 2001). "Elon Musk, Life to Mars Foundation". Mars Now, a weekly column. Space Frontier Foundation. 
^ Musk, Elon. "Risky Business". IEEE Spectrum. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
^ a b Vance, Ashlee (May 14, 2015). "Elon Musk's space dream almost killed Tesla". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved June 7, 2015. 
^ "How Steve Jurvetson Saved Elon Musk". Business Insider. September 14, 2012. 
^ SpaceX and Daring to Think Big – Steve Jurvetson. YouTube. January 28, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk (September 8, 2006). "SpaceX wins NASA competition to replace Space Shuttle". SpaceX. 
^ Wayne, Leslie (February 5, 2006). "A Bold Plan to Go Where Men Have Gone Before". The New York Times. Retrieved February 16, 2015. 
^ California Business Search (C2414622 - Space Exploration Technologies Corp) 
^ SpaceX 
^ Harwood, William (May 31, 2012). "SpaceX Dragon returns to Earth, ends historic trip". CBS News. Retrieved August 3, 2013. 
^ COTS 2006 Demo Competition. NASA (accessed August 26, 2014); and announcement "Commercial Orbital Transportation Services Demonstrations". January 18, 2006 (accessed August 26, 2014)
^ "NASA Awards Space Station Commercial Resupply Services Contracts". nasa.gov. NASA. 23 December 2008. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "Boeing And SpaceX Win Billion In NASA Contracts". NPR.org. National Public Radio. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "SpaceX rocket in historic upright landing". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ O'Kane, Sean (2016-05-27). "SpaceX successfully lands a Falcon 9 rocket at sea for the third time". The Verge. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "Is SpaceX Changing the Rocket Equation?". airspacemag.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Clark, Stephen. "100th Merlin 1D engine flies on Falcon 9 rocket – Spaceflight Now". Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "SpaceX completes 100th Merlin 1D Engine". SpaceX. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Carroll, Roy (July 17, 2013). "Elon Musk's mission to Mars". The Guardian. London, UK. Retrieved July 23, 2013. 
^ a b "75 most influential people: Elon Musk". Esquire. October 1, 2008. 
^ "Space Exploration Technologies Corporation Press Release". SpaceX. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ "Elon Musk: I'll Put a Man on Mars in 10 Years". Market Watch. New York. April 22, 2011. Archived from the original on December 1, 2011. Retrieved December 1, 2011. 
^ Elon Musk speaks at the Hyperloop Pod Award Ceremony (2016.1.30). January 31, 2016. Retrieved February 21, 2016 – via YouTube. 
^ "SpaceX Will Launch Private Mars Missions as Soon as 2018". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ Davenport, Christian (2016-06-13). "Elon Musk provides new details on his ‘mind blowing’ mission to Mars". Washington Post. Retrieved 2016-06-14. 
^ Chang, Kenneth (27 September 2016). "Elon Musk’s Plan: Get Humans to Mars, and Beyond". New York Times. Retrieved 27 September 2016. 
^ Lambert, Fred (November 16, 2016). "Elon Musk’s stake in SpaceX is actually worth more than his Tesla shares". Electrek. Retrieved November 17, 2016. 
^ Burns, Matt (October 8, 2014). "A Brief History of Tesla". TechCrunch. TechCrunch.com. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Nordqvist, Joseph (February 12, 2014). "Tesla Motors Inc.—Company Information". Market Business News. Archived from the original on February 12, 2014. Retrieved April 16, 2014. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 2, 2006). "The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan (just between you and me) No. 124". Tesla Motors. Archived from the original on August 2, 2010. Retrieved October 3, 2010. [self-published source]
^ Musk, Elon. "CEO Elon Musk". Tesla Motors. Retrieved October 20, 2010. 
^ Morrison, Chris (October 15, 2008). "Musk steps in as CEO". The New York Times. 
^ Graham Ruddick. "Tesla's Model X electric car spreads falcon wings at US launch". the Guardian. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Tesla Model X: Not a model launch". Fortune. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Model X". Tesla Motors. October 29, 2012. 
^ Joann Muller (June 1, 2013). "What Do Toyota And Mercedes See in Tesla? A Bit of Themselves". Forbes.com. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 2, 2006). "The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan (just between you and me)". Tesla Motors. 
^ Hamilton, Tyler (October 12, 2009). "Tesla CEO following in Henry Ford's tracks". Toronto Star. Archived from the original on October 17, 2009. 
^ Del Ray, Jason (May 29, 2013), Musk: You'll Be Able to Drive Your Tesla Cross-Country by Year's End With Supercharger Expansion, All Things D 
^ Claudia Assis; Jeremy C. Owens. "Elon Musk exercises Tesla options, pays million tax bill with own cash". MarketWatch. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ Chris Ziegler (January 29, 2016). "Elon Musk bought million more worth of Tesla this week". The Verge. Vox Media. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ "Tesla's Elon Musk worked for free last year". Fortune. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Durisin, Megan (August 10, 2013). "Musk get US$4.3 million of stock options for Model X work". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ "All Our Patent Are Belong To You". Tesla Motors. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Dana Hull (2016-02-19). "Musk Gets Tesla.com Domain Name After Waiting a Decade". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 2016-03-22. 
^ "Management Team". SolarCity. 
^ Kanellos, Michael (February 15, 2008). "Newsmaker: Elon Musk on rockets, sports cars, and solar power". CNET. 
^ "2013 Top 250 Solar Contractors". Solar Power World. September 13, 2013. 
^ The unveiling of the Tesla Motors Electric Car. Autoblog. Retrieved July 26, 2006. 
^ a b Diggelen, Alison van. "Tesla and SolarCity Collaborate on Clean Energy Storage". KQED. Retrieved June 25, 2012. 
^ Aaron Smith (June 17, 2014). "Elon Musk's sunny plans for Buffalo". CNNMoney. 
^ "Tesla Makes Offer to Acquire SolarCity". www.teslamotors.com. Retrieved 2016-06-22. 
^ "Beyond the hype of Hyperloop: An analysis of Elon Musk's proposed transit system". Gizmag.com. August 22, 2013. Retrieved August 23, 2013. 
^ Ashlee Vance. "Revealed: Elon Musk Explains the Hyperloop, the Solar-Powered High-Speed Future of Inter-City Transportation". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved April 27, 2016. 
^ "Hyperloop Update: Elon Musk Will Start Developing It Himself". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2016-03-22. 
^ "Musk announces plans to build Hyperloop demonstrator". gizmag.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 12, 2013). "Hyperloop Alpha" (PDF). SpaceX. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 12, 2013). "Hyperloop". Tesla. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ "Hyperloop Designed for Quick, Convenient Commute". ABC News. March 9, 2013. Retrieved August 15, 2013. 
^ "Hyperloop". SpaceX. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ Mazza, Sandy (January 29, 2017). "Hyperloop competition brings new mass-transit technology to life in Hawthorne". Daily Bulletin. 
^ Hawkins, Andrew J. (2017-07-14). "Talking to Hyperloop One about its big ‘Kitty Hawk’ moment — and what comes next". The Verge. Retrieved 2017-07-14. 
^ "Elon Musk Says He Has 'Verbal' OK To Build N.Y.-D.C. Hyperloop". NPR.org. Retrieved 2017-07-25. 
^ Markoff, John (December 11, 2015). "Artificial-Intelligence Research Center Is Founded by Silicon Valley Investors". The New York Times. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ Levy, Steven (December 11, 2015). "How Elon Musk and Y Combinator Plan to Stop Computers From Taking Over". Medium/Backchannel. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk launches Neuralink, a venture to merge the human brain with AI". The Verge. 2017-03-27. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Golson, Jordan (2017-01-25). "Elon Musk: "Without tunnels, we will all be in traffic hell forever"". The Verge. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ "Elon Musk Will Begin Digging His "Boring Company" Tunnel in About A Month". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ Parnell, Brid-Aine. "Elon Musk Teases Traffic-Busting Tunneling Firm 'The Boring Co.'". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ Solon, Olivia (January 26, 2017). "Elon Musk to dig tunnel to ease traffic in LA, but he doesn't yet have permission" – via The Guardian. 
^ Mazza, Sandy. "Elon Musk wants to start digging a traffic-relieving tunnel in Hawthorne ‘in a month or so’". Los Angeles Daily Times. Retrieved 2017-01-28. 
^ Chafkin, Max (16 February 2017). "Elon Musk Is Really Boring". Bloomberg. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ Heathman, Amelia. "Elon Musk's boring machine has already built a 'test trench' in LA". WIRED UK. Retrieved 2017-02-19. 
^ Werber, Cassie. "Elon Musk says tax-free carbon is "the dumbest experiment in history"". Quartz. Retrieved 30 August 2016. 
^ "Taxpayer Subsidies Helped Tesla Motors, So Why Does Elon Musk Slam Them?". Mother Jones. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Harkinson, Josh (September 2013). "Taxpayer Subsidies Helped Tesla Motors, So Why Does Elon Musk Slam Them?". Mother Jones. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Hirsch, Jerry (May 30, 2015). "Elon Musk's growing empire is fuelled by  billion in government subsidies". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved June 2, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk: The Way Of The Future". YouTube. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Team, The Transition (December 14, 2016). "President-Elect Trump Announces Additional Members of President’s Strategic and Policy Forum". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Elon Musk and the chief executive of Uber are now advising Donald Trump". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Donald Trump Adds Elon Musk, Travis Kalanick, and Indra Nooyi to His Team of Advisers". December 14, 2016. Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ OConnell, Justin (December 23, 2016). "Elon Musk, Appointed to Trump's Team of Advisories, Thinks Bitcoin Is a "Good Thing" - CryptoCoinsNews". CryptoCoinsNews. Retrieved April 16, 2017. 
^ "Elon Musk just got more involved with Trump's administration". businessinsider.com. Retrieved January 29, 2017. 
^ "US quits Paris climate pact: Reaction from around the world following the US president's decision on the Paris accord". Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ "Elon Musk anouncing departing presidential councils on Twitter". Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ Wattenberg, Ben. "Elon Musk and the frontier of Technology". Think Tank. PBS.org. Retrieved June 12, 2015. 
^ Strange, Adario (2016-11-05). "Elon Musk thinks universal income is answer to automation taking human jobs". mashable.com. Retrieved 2017-02-06. 
^ "Elon Musk on Trump presidency: 'I don't think he's the right guy'". businessinsider.in. Retrieved March 21, 2017. 
^ Lee, Dave (2017-01-26). "Elon Musk: I'm Trump's voice of reason". BBC News. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ a b "Elon Musk, SpaceX Founder, Battles Entrenched Rivals Over NASA Contracts". The Huffington Post. February 20, 2013. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ "Obama and Congress at odds over Elon Musk". fightforvotes.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Timothy P. Carney, "Carney: Green stimulus profiteer comes under IRS scrutiny", WashingtonExaminer.com, October 14, 2012.
^ a b "SpaceX blasts off literally and politically". Sunlight Foundation. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Salant, Jonathan D. (September 27, 2013). "Billionaires Battle as Bezos-Musk Companies Vie for Launch Pad". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg Business. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ Steven Kovach, "Elon Musk Says He Quit Mark Zuckerberg's PAC Because It Was Too Cynical", BusinessInsider.com, May 31, 2013.
^ a b Becker, Sean (December 11, 2013). "Elon Musk Donated to Anti-Science Republicans". Mic. Policy.Mic. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ "Going to Mars with Elon Musk". OnInnovation.com. June 2008. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ a b "Elon Musk and Rainn Wilson discuss colonizing Mars, global warming, and the fear of failure". The Verge. March 19, 2013. Retrieved June 12, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk, CEO and CTO, Space Exploration Technologies Corp (SpaceX), Peter Diamandis, CEO, X Prize Foundation and John Doerr, Venture Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers". YouTube. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Anderson, Ross (September 30, 2014). "The Elon Musk Interview on Mars Colonization". Aeon. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Gibbs, Samuel (October 27, 2014). "Elon Musk: artificial intelligence is our biggest existential threat". The Guardian. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking think we should ban killer robots". Washington Post. July 28, 2015. Archived from the original on March 8, 2016. Retrieved January 5, 2017. 
^ a b Kosoff, Maya (January 15, 2015). "Elon Musk Is Donating Million To Keep Killer Robots From Taking Over The World". Business Insider. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ Muoio, Danielle (December 11, 2015). "Elon Musk just announced a new artificial intelligence research company". Tech Insider. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Hern, Alex (June 18, 2014). "Elon Musk says he invested in DeepMind over 'Terminator' fears". Retrieved June 10, 2015 – via The Guardian. 
^ "We are living in a computer simulation, Elon Musk says". The Independent. 2016-06-02. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ Matt Hardigree. "Elon Musk Explains How He Wrecked An Uninsured Million McLaren F1". Jalopnik. 
^ Wayne, Leslie (February 5, 2006). "A Bold Plan to Go Where Men Have Gone Before". The New York Times. 
^ FlightAware. "Aircraft Registration N900SK". Retrieved June 25, 2012. 
^ Chris Woodyard,"Tesla's Elon Musk buys 007's sub to make it real", USAToday.com, October 18, 2013; accessed November 13, 2013.
^ "Tosca Musk profile at". Musk entertainment. 
^ Achenbach, Joel. "Elon Musk Wants to Go to Mars" National Geographic November 2016. p. 41.
^ "Elon Musk and SolarCity Donate Solar Power Project to Coastal Response Center in Alabama". Enhanced Online News. Business Wire. 
^ "Elon Musk Donates Solar Power Project to Soma City in Fukushima Prefecture, Japan". BusinessWire.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
^ "What it's like to own a Tesla Model S – Part 2 – The Oatmeal". theoatmeal.com. 
^ Greg Kumparak. "Elon Musk Donates Million to the Oatmeal's Nikola Tesla Museum". TechCrunch. AOL. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk donates M to keep AI beneficial, Future of Life Institute, 2015, retrieved January 20, 2015 
^ "Elon Musk Donates M To Make Sure AI Doesn't Go The Way of Skynet". Mashable. 2015. Retrieved June 21, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk". XPRIZE. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Kroll, Luisa (April 19, 2012). "The Giving Pledge Signs on 12 More Wealthy Americans Including Tesla's Elon Musk And Home Depot's Arthur Blank". Forbes. 
^ Durand Streisand, Elizabeth. "A Look at Elon Musk's Rocky Romantic History". Yahoo. Retrieved 29 May 2017. 
^ Junod, Justine (November 14, 2012). "Elon Musk: Triumph of His Will". Esquire. Retrieved November 28, 2012. 
^ Elliott, Hannah. "Elon Musk – In Photos: Forbes Life Elon Musk". Forbes. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Lai, Jennifer (January 19, 2012). "Elon Musk Divorce: Announces Split From Talulah Riley On Twitter". The Huffington Post. Retrieved July 23, 2013. 
^ "Elon Musk Divorce: Announces Split From Talulah Riley On Twitter", The Huffington Post, January 19, 2012.
^ "Billionaire Elon Musk's wife files for divorce", Mashable.com, March 21, 2016.
^ Kimble, Lindsay (November 18, 2016). "lon Musk and Talulah Riley Are Divorced for a Second Time". People. Retrieved April 24, 2017. 
^ Musk, Elon (2017-06-06). "A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!". twitter. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Australian Government. "Zolpidem ("Stilnox") – updated information – February 2008". www.tga.gov.au. Archived from the original on 2007-08-12. Retrieved 2009-06-22. 
^ Matyszczyk, Chris (2017-06-07). "Elon Musk's strange, strange Ambien tweet". CNET. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Tan, Yvette (2017-06-07). "Elon Musk's weird Ambien tweets are back". Mashable. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; Ferguson, Joshua Willard; Zalan, Daryl; Van Dyke, Christopher Hugo (November 12, 2013), United States Patent: 8579635 - Funnel shaped charge inlet, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; Ferguson, Joshua Willard; Zalan, Daryl; Van Dyke, Christopher Hugo (March 10, 2015), United States Patent: D724031 - Vehicle charge inlet, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; von Holzhausen, Franz; Lee, Bernard; Imai, David Tadashi (May 28, 2013), United States Patent: D683268 - Vehicle, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; von Holzhausen, Franz; Lee, Bernard (March 19, 2013), United States Patent: D678154 - Vehicle door, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Priorities in Space Science Enabled by Nuclear Power And Propulsion. The National Academies Press. 2006. ISBN 9780309180108. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Rocket Man". R&D. September 4, 2007. Retrieved April 20, 2016. 
^ Chafkin, Max (December 1, 2007). "Entrepreneur of the Year, 2007: Elon Musk". inc.com. 
^ "Tesla Roadster". Index. 2007. Archived from the original on January 18, 2012. 
^ "Tesla Motors team". Tesla Motors. 
^ "SpaceX successfully launches Falcon 1 to orbit". Space Exploration Technologies Corp. 2008. 
^ "Connie Awards". National Wildlife Federation. 2008. Archived from the original on June 29, 2009. 
^ Michels, Jennifer (March 4, 2009). "Aviation Week Reveals Laureate Award Winners". Aviation Week. 
^ "Space Community Gathers at National Space Society's ISDC 2009" (Press release). National Space Society. June 17, 2009. 
^ "Automotive Executive of the Year". DNV Certification. 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Favreau, Jon (April 29, 2010). "The 2010 Time 100". Time. 
^ "Barron Hilton and Elon Musk honoured with the highest FAI awards". Fédération Aéronautique Internationale. December 16, 2010. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ "Living Legend of Aviation Awards". Kittie Hawk Air Academy. 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Caltech Elects Two Innovators to Board of Trustees". 
^ "Trustee List". The California Institute of Technology. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ "Space Foundation Survey Reveals Broad Range of Space Heroes". 
^ Smith, Jacquelyn (February 14, 2011). "America's 20 Most Powerful CEOs 40 And Under". Forbes. Retrieved February 18, 2011. To make this list, you had to be the chief executive of one of the 20 biggest publicly traded companies in the U.S. (as of Feb. 11, by market capitalization) with a CEO aged 40 or under. 
^ Dula, Art (June 16, 2011). "Heinlein Prize Honors Elon Musk of SpaceX". The Heinlein Prize. 
^ "2011 Churchill Club Awards". 
^ "2012 RAeS Gold Medal". 
^ Jonathan Welsh (November 21, 2013). "Tesla's Elon Musk is Fortune Businessperson of the Year". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "IEEE Honorary Membership Recipients" (PDF). IEEE. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ "Social Concepts, Inc: We connect people ™". socialconcepts.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk Named Most Influential Person In The Car Business Teslarati, Retrieved 11 May 2016.
^ "The top 10 business visionaries creating value for the world". Business Insider. Business Insider Inc. 
^ "Philanthropists & Social Entrepreneurs Top 200: From Elon Musk to Melinda Gates, These Are the Most Influential Do-Gooders in the World". Richtopia. Retrieved 29 March 2017. 
^ "200 most influential philanthropists in the world". Naij. Retrieved 31 March 2017. 
^ "Graduation show, Art Center College of Design". Cumulusassociation.org. November 23, 2010. Retrieved August 15, 2013. 
^ Surrey celebrates its honorary graduates, Surrey celebrates graduation 2015, Surrey Graduate, Surrey Alumni Society (Autumn/Winter 2009)[dead link]
^ SEAS Celebrates Class of 2015, Honors Innovators Elon Musk and Dean Kamen, 314th commencement (Spring 2015)
^ "Elon Musk SpaceX Tesla on the Simpsons – Business Insider". Business Insider. January 27, 2015. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ "Tesla CEO Elon Musk To Appear On Upcoming Episode Of The Big Bang Theory - CBS.com". CBS. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ "‘DC’s Legends of Tomorrow’ Power Rankings, Week 2: Burn, Baby, Burn – Observer". Observer. January 29, 2016. Retrieved February 7, 2016. 
^ Field, Kyle. "Tesla Stars In "Racing Extinction" Documentary". CleanTechnica. Retrieved 11 July 2016. 
^ Bova, Dan. "'Why Him?' Director on Elon Musk's Amazing 'I Can't Come to Work Today' Excuse". entrepreneur.com. Retrieved January 29, 2017. 


Further reading

Vance, Ashlee. Elon Musk: How the Billionaire CEO of SpaceX and Tesla is Shaping our Future. Virgin Books (2015). ISBN 9780753555620. Afterthoughts by Ashlee Vance

External links

Find more aboutElon Muskat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity
Data from Wikidata



Elon Musk on IMDb
SolarCity official website
SpaceX official website
Tesla official website
Paypal official website
Open AI official website

Articles

Gimien, Mark (August 17, 1999). "Fast Track". Salon. 
Statement of Elon Musk at House Space and Aeronautics Subcommittee Hearings on the Future Market for Commercial Space (2005)
History of PayPal, gawker.com (2007)
Bailey, Brandon (2010). "Elon Musk: Will his Silicon Valley story have a Hollywood ending?". San Jose Mercury News. 
"Science Fiction Books That Inspired Elon Musk", MediaBistro.com, March 19, 2013.
"Elon Musk’s Space Dream Almost Killed Tesla" (Bloomberg, 2015)

Interviews

Appearances on C-SPAN
"An interview with Elon Musk". HobbySpace. August 5, 2003. 
"Lift off with Elon Musk". Carte Blanche. September 4, 2005. Archived from the original on September 28, 2007. 
Bergin, Chris (January 20, 2006). "SpaceX's Musk and Thompson Q and A". nasaspaceflight.com. 
Video interview of Elon Musk by Zadi Diaz of EPIC FU, June 17, 2008. Retrieved April 27, 2014
Gray, Sadie (January 4, 2009). "Forget the bungalow, retire to Mars". Sunday Times. London, UK. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
Musk profile onInnovation.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014
An interview at the Founders Showcase, August 5, 2010
Elon Musk: 'I'm planning to retire to Mars', video interview for The Guardian, August 1, 2010
60 Minutes interview; March 18, 2012.
A 20 minute interview about sending humans to Mars with BBC's Jonathan Amos, March 20, 2012
Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity, ted.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014
Musk, Elon (January 6, 2015). "I am Elon Musk, CEO/CTO of a rocket company, AMA!". Reddit.com. Retrieved January 7, 2015. 
Elon Musk Powers Up: Inside Tesla's Billion Gigafactory Fast Company (magazine), November 2015
Elon Musk Profiled, Bloomberg Risk Takers (45min) - same video on YouTube
Elon Musk: The future we're building — and boring, ted.com. Retrieved May 7, 2017



Biography portal
Business and economics portal
Cars portal
Ecology portal
Space portal
United States portal








v
t
e


Elon Musk



Companies



Zip2 (1995–1999)
PayPal (1999–2002)
SpaceX (2002–present)
Tesla Motors (2004–present)
SolarCity (2006–present)
OpenAI (2015–present)
The Boring Company (2016–present)
Neuralink (2017–present)





Other endeavors



Hyperloop
Wet Nellie





Family



Maye Musk (mother)
Justine Musk (first wife)
Talulah Riley (second and third wife)
Kimbal Musk (brother)
Tosca Musk (sister)
Lyndon Rive (cousin, CEO of SolarCity)









 Category
 WikiQuote
 Commons













v
t
e


Tesla, Inc.



People



Elon Musk (CEO, Chief Product Architect)
JB Straubel (CTO)
Franz von Holzhausen (Chief Designer)
Martin Eberhard (co-founder, inaugural CEO)








Products




Sedans



Model S
Model 3





Crossovers/SUVs



Model X





Sports cars



Roadster (discontinued)





Others



Powerwall
Autopilot








Collaborations



Mercedes A-Class E-Cell
Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive
Smart electric drive
RAV4 EV Second generation





Facilities



Tesla Factory
Gigafactory 1
Gigafactory Europe
Superchargers and battery-swapping stations
SolarCity Gigafactory





Other



History

Timeline


Dealership disputes
SolarCity









 Category
 Commons













v
t
e


PayPal Mafia



Individuals



Peter Thiel
Reid Hoffman
Max Levchin
Ken Howery
Luke Nosek
Elon Musk
Steve Chen
Keith Rabois
Chad Hurley
Roelof Botha
Jawed Karim
Yishan Wong
Eric M. Jackson
David O. Sacks
Premal Shah
Russel Simmons
Jeremy Stoppelman





Companies founded
or co-founded



PayPal
LinkedIn
YouTube
Slide.com
Yelp
Geni.com
Yammer
SpaceX
Tesla, Inc.
Palantir Technologies
Kiva.org





Investments



Friendster
Facebook
Powerset
Vator
Six Apart
Zynga
IronPort
Flickr
Digg
Grockit
Ooma
Quantcast
RapLeaf
SmartDrive Systems
TransferWise
Ping.fm
Nanosolar
Knewton
Kongregate
Last.fm
TokBox
Xoom
Joost





Funds



Founders Fund
Clarium Capital
Greylock Partners
Sequoia Capital





Other



The PayPal Wars
Thank You for Smoking
The Stanford Review












v
t
e


SpaceX



Vehicles





Rockets






Current




Falcon 9

Full Thrust








In development




Falcon 9 Block 5
Falcon Heavy
ITS launch vehicle






Retired




Falcon 1
Falcon 9

v1.0
v1.1








Cancelled




Falcon 1e
Falcon 5
Falcon 9 Air









Test vehicles




Grasshopper (retired)
F9R Dev1† (destroyed)
DragonFly






Spacecraft




Dragon
Dragon 2
Interplanetary Spaceship
ITS tanker






Reusable hardware




Recovered boosters

B1019


Reused boosters

B1021
B1029


Reused capsules

C106













Engines



Merlin (1A, 1B, 1C, 1D, Vacuum)
Kestrel
Draco
SuperDraco
Raptor
Methalox thruster





Missions





Falcon 1




Demo 1† (FalconSAT-2)
Demo 2† (DemoSat)
Flight 3†

Trailblazer
PRESat
NanoSail-D
Explorers


Ratsat
RazakSAT






Falcon 9






Demonstration flights




Dragon Spacecraft Qualification Unit
NASA COTS Demo Flight 1
Dragon C2+






Dragon ISS logistics




CRS-1
CRS-2
CRS-3
CRS-4
CRS-5
CRS-6
CRS-7†
CRS-8
CRS-9
CRS-10
CRS-11
CRS-12
CRS-13
CRS-14
CRS-15
CRS-16
CRS-17
CRS-18
CRS-19
CRS-20
(missions contracted up to CRS-26)






Commercial satellites




SES-8
Thaicom 6
Orbcomm OG2 × 6
AsiaSat 8
AsiaSat 6
ABS-3A / Eutelsat 115 West B
TürkmenÄlem 52°E
Orbcomm OG2 × 11
SES-9
JCSAT-14
Thaicom 8
ABS-2A / Eutelsat 117 West B
JCSAT-16
Amos-6†
Iridium NEXT 1–10
EchoStar 23
SES-10
Inmarsat-5 F4
BulgariaSat-1
Iridium NEXT 11–20
Intelsat 35e
SES-11
Iridium NEXT 21–30
Koreasat 5A
Iridium NEXT 31–40
Paz
Bangabandhu-1
Iridium NEXT 41–50
SES-16 / GovSat-1
Hispasat 30W-6






Scientific satellites




CASSIOPE
DSCOVR
Jason-3
FormoSat-5
SAOCOM 1A






Military satellites




NROL-76
X-37B OTV-5









Falcon Heavy




Demo Flight
ArabSat 6A
USAF STP-2

DSX
FormoSat-7
LightSail 2
GPIM
DSAC
ISAT


Moon tourists
ViaSat 3
Red Dragon








Launch sites





Orbital




Cape Canaveral, Florida

CCAFS Launch Complex 40
Kennedy Launch Pad 39A


Vandenberg, California

Launch Complex 4E


Brownsville, Texas

Boca Chica


Kwajalein, Marshall Islands

Omelek Island†








Suborbital




McGregor test site
New Mexico test site†








Landing sites



Autonomous spaceport drone ships
Landing Zone 1, Cape Canaveral
Launch Complex 4W, Vandenberg





Other facilities



Headquarters and factory (Hawthorne, California)
Rocket development and test facility (McGregor, Texas)
Satellite development facility (Redmond, Washington)
Regional offices (Chantilly, Houston, Seattle, Washington DC)





Contracts



Commercial Orbital Transportation Services (COTS)
Commercial Resupply Services (CRS)
Commercial Crew Development (CCDev)
Commercial Crew integrated Capability (CCiCap)





R&D programs



SpaceX reusable launch system development program
Falcon 9 first-stage landing tests
Interplanetary Transport System
Red Dragon
SpaceX satellite constellation





People



Elon Musk (CEO, CTO)
Gwynne Shotwell (President & COO)
Tom Mueller (Vice President of Propulsion Development)






Italics indicate unflown vehicles and future missions or sites. † denotes failed missions, destroyed vehicles and abandoned sites.







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 306339060
LCCN: n2014017754
ISNI: 0000 0004 2658 2862
GND: 1062481119
NDL: 001156447










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Elon_Musk&oldid=792423717"					
Categories: Elon Musk1971 births20th-century American businesspeople20th-century American engineers21st-century American businesspeople21st-century American engineersAlumni of Pretoria Boys High SchoolAmerican aerospace businesspeopleAmerican aerospace designersAmerican aerospace engineersAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican chief executives in the automobile industryAmerican chief executives of energy companiesAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican chief executives of manufacturing companiesAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer programmersAmerican corporate directorsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican founders of automobile manufacturersAmerican inventorsAmerican investorsAmerican libertariansAmerican nonprofit executivesAmerican people of British descentAmerican people of Canadian descentAmerican philanthropistsAmerican software engineersAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersAmerican transhumanistsAmerican transportation businesspeopleAutomotive pioneersBasic income proponentsBusinesspeople from Los AngelesBusinesspeople in softwareCalifornia Institute of Technology trusteesChief technology officersEngineers from CaliforniaGiving PledgersLiving peopleHyperloopPayPal peoplePeople associated with solar powerPeople from PretoriaPeople with acquired Canadian citizenshipPioneers of rail transportRoyal Aeronautical Society Gold Medal winnersSouth African emigrants to the United StatesSouth African people of Canadian descentSouth African people of British descentSouth African people of German descentSpace advocatesSpaceX peopleStanford University peopleSustainable transport pioneersTesla Inc. peopleTranshumanistsWharton School of the University of Pennsylvania alumniWhite South African peoplePeople with acquired American citizenship21st-century inventors20th-century Canadian businesspeople21st-century Canadian businesspeopleSouth African business executivesCanadian aerospace engineersSouth African engineersCanadian billionairesSouth African billionairesCanadian chief executivesSouth African chief executivesCanadian computer businesspeopleCanadian computer programmersSouth African computer programmersCanadian corporate directorsSouth African corporate directorsCanadian inventorsSouth African inventorsCanadian financial company foundersSouth African company foundersCanadian investorsSouth African investorsCanadian libertariansCanadian nonprofit executivesCanadian people of British descentCanadian people of South African descentCanadian philanthropistsSouth African philanthropistsCanadian software engineersCanadian technology chief executivesCanadian technology company foundersCanadian transhumanistsCanadian people of German descentAmerican people of Pennsylvania Dutch descentHidden categories: CS1 French-language sources (fr)Accuracy disputes from May 2015All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2016Wikipedia semi-protected pagesUse American English from November 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from February 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with failed verificationArticles with failed verification from October 2015Wikipedia articles in need of updating from March 2016All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBoarischBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalegoગુજરાતી한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLumbaartMagyarमैथिलीMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीМонголNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayZazakiŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 12:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Elon Musk - Wikipedia




















 







Elon Musk

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 26 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Elon Musk



A headshot of Elon Musk in 2015.



Born
Elon Reeve Musk
(1971-06-28) June 28, 1971 (age 46)
Pretoria, Transvaal (now Gauteng), South Africa


Residence
Bel Air, Los Angeles, California, U.S.[1][2]


Citizenship



South African (1971–present)
Canadian (1989–present)
American (2002–present)





Alma mater
Queen's University
University of Pennsylvania[3][4]


Occupation
Entrepreneur, Engineer, Inventor, and Investor


Known for
SpaceX, PayPal, Tesla Inc., Hyperloop, SolarCity, OpenAI, The Boring Company, Neuralink, Zip2


Net worth
US$16.1 billion (July 2017)[5]


Title
CEO and CTO of SpaceX
CEO and product architect of Tesla, Inc.
CEO of Neuralink
Chairman of SolarCity
Co-chairman of OpenAI


Spouse(s)



Justine Musk (m. 2000; div. 2008)
Talulah Riley (m. 2010–div. 2012; m. 2013–div. 2016)[6][7]





Children
6


Parent(s)
Maye Musk (mother)
Errol Graham Musk (father)


Relatives
Tosca Musk (sister)
Kimbal Musk (brother)
Lyndon Rive (cousin)


Signature





Elon Reeve Musk (/ˈiːlɒn ˈmʌsk/; born June 28, 1971) is a South African-born Canadian-American business magnate, investor,[8][9] engineer,[10] and inventor.[15]
Elon is the founder, CEO, and CTO of SpaceX; a co-founder,[16] a Series A investor, CEO, and product architect of Tesla Inc.; co-chairman of OpenAI; founder and CEO of Neuralink. He was previously co-founder and chairman of SolarCity; co-founder of Zip2; and founder of X.com, which merged with Confinity and took the name PayPal.[21] As of July 2017, he has an estimated net worth of $16.1 billion, making him the 80th-wealthiest person in the world.[22] In December 2016, Musk was ranked 21st on the Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[23]
Musk has stated that the goals of SolarCity, Tesla, and SpaceX revolve around his vision to change the world and humanity.[24] His goals include reducing global warming through sustainable energy production and consumption, and reducing the "risk of human extinction" by "making life multiplanetary"[25][26] by establishing a human colony on Mars.
In addition to his primary business pursuits, he has also envisioned a high-speed transportation system known as the Hyperloop, and has proposed a VTOL supersonic jet aircraft with electric fan propulsion, known as the Musk electric jet.[27][28]
Elon also proposed the concept of The Boring Company in 2017.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 Early childhood
1.2 Education


2 Career

2.1 Zip2
2.2 X.com and PayPal
2.3 SpaceX
2.4 Tesla
2.5 SolarCity
2.6 Hyperloop
2.7 OpenAI
2.8 Neuralink
2.9 The Boring Company


3 Subsidies
4 Political positions

4.1 Lobbying


5 Opinions

5.1 Destiny and religion
5.2 Extraterrestrial life
5.3 Artificial intelligence


6 Personal life

6.1 Philanthropy
6.2 Family
6.3 Zolpidem usage


7 Patents
8 Awards and recognition

8.1 Honorary doctorates


9 In popular media
10 References
11 Further reading
12 External links

12.1 Articles
12.2 Interviews





Early life
Early childhood
Musk was born on June 28, 1971, in Pretoria, Transvaal, South Africa,[29] the son of Maye Musk (née Haldeman), a model and dietician from Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada;[30] and Errol Musk, a South African electromechanical engineer, pilot and sailor. He has a younger brother, Kimbal (born 1972), and a younger sister, Tosca (born 1974).[34] His paternal grandmother was British, and he also has Pennsylvania Dutch ancestry.[35][36] His maternal grandfather was American, from Minnesota.[37] After his parents divorced in 1980, Musk lived mostly with his father in the suburbs of Pretoria.[35]
During his childhood he was an avid reader.[38]
At age 10, he developed an interest in computing with the Commodore VIC-20.[39] He taught himself computer programming at the age of 12, sold the code for a BASIC-based video game he created called Blastar, to a magazine called PC and Office Technology, for approximately $500.[40][41] A web version of the game is available online.[40][42]
Musk was severely bullied throughout his childhood, and was once hospitalized when a group of boys threw him down a flight of stairs and then beat him until he lost consciousness.[38]
Musk was initially educated at private schools, attending the English-speaking Waterkloof House Preparatory School. Musk later graduated from Pretoria Boys High School and moved to Canada in June 1989, just before his 18th birthday,[43] after obtaining Canadian citizenship through his Canadian-born mother.[44][45]`
Education
At the age of 17, Musk was accepted into Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, for undergraduate study. In 1992, after spending two years at Queen's University, Musk transferred to the University of Pennsylvania, where in May 1997 he received a Bachelor of Science degree in physics from its College of Arts and Sciences, and a Bachelor of Science degree in economics from its Wharton School of Business. Musk extended his studies for one year to finish the second bachelor's degree.[38][46] While at the University of Pennsylvania, Musk and fellow Penn student Adeo Ressi rented a 10-bedroom fraternity house, using it as an unofficial nightclub.[38]
In 1995, at age 24, Musk moved to California to begin a PhD in applied physics and materials science at Stanford University, but left the program after two days to pursue his entrepreneurial aspirations in the areas of the Internet, renewable energy and outer space.[41][47] In 2002, he became a U.S. citizen.[48][49]
Career
Zip2
Main article: Zip2
In 1995, Musk and his brother, Kimbal, started Zip2, a web software company, with US$28,000 of their father's money.[38] The company developed and marketed an Internet "city guide" for the newspaper publishing industry.[50] Musk obtained contracts with The New York Times and the Chicago Tribune[51] and persuaded the board of directors to abandon plans for a merger with CitySearch.[52] While at Zip2, Musk wanted to become CEO; however, none of the board members would allow it.[38] Compaq acquired Zip2 for US$307 million in cash and US$34 million in stock options in February 1999.[53] Musk received US$22 million for his 7% share from the sale.[51]
X.com and PayPal
Main article: PayPal
In March 1999, Musk co-founded X.com, an online financial services and e-mail payment company, with US$10 million from the sale of Zip2.[43][50][52] One year later, the company merged with Confinity,[51][54] which had a money transfer service called PayPal. The merged company focused on the PayPal service and was renamed PayPal in 2001. PayPal's early growth was driven mainly by a viral marketing campaign where new customers were recruited when they received money through the service.[55] Musk was ousted in October 2000 from his role as CEO (although he remained on the board) due to disagreements with other company leadership, notably over his desire to move PayPal's Unix-based infrastructure to Microsoft Windows.[56] In October 2002, PayPal was acquired by eBay for US$1.5 billion in stock, of which Musk received US$165 million.[57] Before its sale, Musk, who was the company's largest shareholder, owned 11.7% of PayPal's shares.[58]
SpaceX
Main article: SpaceX
In 2001, Musk conceptualized "Mars Oasis"; a project to land a miniature experimental greenhouse on Mars, containing food crops growing on Martian regolith, in an attempt to regain public interest in space exploration.[59][60] In October 2001, Musk travelled to Moscow with Jim Cantrell (an aerospace supplies fixer), and Adeo Ressi (his best friend from college), to buy refurbished Dnepr Intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) that could send the envisioned payloads into space. The group met with companies such as NPO Lavochkin and Kosmotras; however, according to Cantrell, Musk was seen as a novice and was consequently spat on by one of the Russian chief designers,[61] and the group returned to the United States empty-handed. In February 2002, the group returned to Russia to look for three ICBMs, bringing along Mike Griffin, who had worked for the CIA's venture capital arm, In-Q-Tel; NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory; and was just leaving Orbital Sciences, a maker of satellites and spacecraft. The group met again with Kosmotras, and were offered one rocket for US$8 million, however, this was seen by Musk as too expensive; Musk consequently stormed out of the meeting. On the flight back from Moscow, Musk realized that he could start a company that could build the affordable rockets he needed.[61] According to early Tesla and SpaceX investor Steve Jurvetson,[62] Musk calculated that the raw materials for building a rocket actually were only 3 percent of the sales price of a rocket at the time. It was concluded that theoretically, by applying vertical integration and the modular approach from software engineering, SpaceX could cut launch price by a factor of ten and still enjoy a 70-percent gross margin.[63] Ultimately, Musk ended up founding SpaceX with the long-term goal of creating a "true spacefaring civilization".[64]




Musk and President Barack Obama at the Falcon 9 launch site in 2010


With US$100 million of his early fortune,[65] Musk founded Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, in May 2002.[66] Musk is chief executive officer (CEO) and chief technology officer (CTO) of the Hawthorne, California-based company. SpaceX develops and manufactures space launch vehicles with a focus on advancing the state of rocket technology. The company's first two launch vehicles are the Falcon 1 and Falcon 9 rockets (a nod to Star Wars' Millennium Falcon), and its first spacecraft is the Dragon (a nod to Puff the Magic Dragon).[67] In seven years, SpaceX designed the family of Falcon launch vehicles and the Dragon multipurpose spacecraft. In September 2008, SpaceX's Falcon 1 rocket became the first privately funded liquid-fueled vehicle to put a satellite into Earth orbit.[38] On May 25, 2012, the SpaceX Dragon vehicle berthed with the ISS, making history as the first commercial company to launch and berth a vehicle to the International Space Station.[68]
In 2006, SpaceX was awarded a contract from NASA to continue the development and test of the SpaceX Falcon 9 launch vehicle and Dragon spacecraft in order to transport cargo to the International Space Station,[69][not in citation given] followed by a US$1.6 billion NASA Commercial Resupply Services program contract on December 23, 2008, for 12 flights of its Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station, replacing the US Space Shuttle after it retired in 2011.[70] Astronaut transport to the ISS is currently handled solely by the Soyuz, but SpaceX is one of two companies awarded a contract by NASA as part of the Commercial Crew Development program, which is intended to develop a US astronaut transport capability by 2018.[71] On 22 December 2015, SpaceX successfully landed the first stage of its Falcon rocket back at the launch pad. This was the first time in history such a feat had been achieved by an orbital rocket and is a significant step towards rocket reusability lowering the costs of access to space.[72] This first stage recovery was replicated several times in 2016 by landing on an Autonomous spaceport drone ship, an ocean based recovery platform.[73]
SpaceX is both the largest private producer of rocket engines in the world, and holder of the record for highest thrust-to-weight ratio for a rocket engine.[74] SpaceX has produced more than 100 operational Merlin 1D engines, currently the world's most powerful engine for its weight.[75] The relatively immense power to weight ratio allows each Merlin 1D engine to vertically lift the weight of 40 average family cars. In combination, the 9 Merlin engines in the Falcon 9 first stage produces anywhere from 5.8 to 6.7 MN (1.3 to 1.5 million pounds) of thrust, depending on altitude.[76]
Musk was influenced by Isaac Asimov's Foundation series[77] and views space exploration as an important step in preserving and expanding the consciousness of human life.[78] Musk said that multiplanetary life may serve as a hedge against threats to the survival of the human species.

An asteroid or a super volcano could destroy us, and we face risks the dinosaurs never saw: an engineered virus, inadvertent creation of a micro black hole, catastrophic global warming or some as-yet-unknown technology could spell the end of us. Humankind evolved over millions of years, but in the last sixty years atomic weaponry created the potential to extinguish ourselves. Sooner or later, we must expand life beyond this green and blue ball—or go extinct.

Musk's goal is to reduce the cost of human spaceflight by a factor of 10.[79] In a 2011 interview, he said he hopes to send humans to Mars' surface within 10–20 years.[80] In Ashlee Vance's biography, Musk stated that he wants to establish a Mars colony by 2040, with a population of 80,000.[39] Musk stated that, since Mars' atmosphere lacks oxygen, all transportation would have to be electric (electric cars, electric trains, Hyperloop, electric aircraft).[81] Space X intends to launch a Dragon spacecraft on a Falcon Heavy in 2018 to soft-land on Mars - this is intended to be the first of a regular cargo mission supply-run to Mars building up to later crewed flights.[82] Musk stated in June 2016 that the first unmanned flight of the larger Mars Colonial Transporter (MCT) spacecraft is aimed for departure to the red planet in 2022, to be followed by the first manned MCT Mars flight departing in 2024.[83] In September 2016, Musk revealed details of his plan to explore and colonize Mars.[84] By 2016, Musk's private trust holds 54% of SpaceX stock, equivalent to 78% of voting shares.[85]
Tesla
Main article: Tesla, Inc.
Tesla, Inc. (originally Tesla Motors) was incorporated in July 2003 by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning, who financed the company until the Series A round of funding.[86]
Both men played active roles in the company's early development prior to Elon Musk's involvement.[87] Musk led the Series A round of investment in February 2004, joining Tesla's board of directors as its chairman.[88] Musk took an active role within the company and oversaw Roadster product design at a detailed level, but was not deeply involved in day-to-day business operations.[89]
Following the financial crisis in 2008,[90] Musk assumed leadership of the company as CEO and product architect, positions he still holds today. Tesla Motors first built an electric sports car, the Tesla Roadster in 2008, with sales of about 2,500 vehicles to 31 countries. Tesla began delivery of its four-door Model S sedan on June 22, 2012. It unveiled its third product, the Model X, aimed at the SUV/minivan market, on February 9, 2012; the Model X launch was however delayed until September 2015.[91][92][93] In addition to its own cars, Tesla sells electric powertrain systems to Daimler for the Smart EV, Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive and Mercedes A Class and to Toyota for the RAV4 EV. Musk was able to bring in both companies as long-term investors in Tesla.[94]







Musk observing an assembly demo at the reopening of the NUMMI plant, now known as the Tesla Factory (Fremont, California) in 2010









Musk standing in front of a Tesla Model S in 2011









Musk and Senator Dianne Feinstein next to a Tesla Model S (2010)




Musk has favored building a sub-US$30,000 compact Tesla model and building and selling electric vehicle powertrain components so that other automakers can produce electric vehicles at affordable prices without having to develop the products in-house; this led to the Model 3 that is planned to have a base price of US$35,000.[95] Several mainstream publications have compared him with Henry Ford for his work on advanced vehicle powertrains.[96]
In a May 2013 interview with All Things Digital, Musk said that to overcome the range limitations of electric cars, Tesla is "dramatically accelerating" its network of supercharger stations, tripling the number on the East and West coasts of the U.S. that June, with plans for more expansion across North America, including Canada, throughout the year.[97] As of January 29, 2016, Musk owns about 28.9 million Tesla shares, which equates to about 22% of the company.[98][99]
As of 2014, Musk's annual salary is one dollar, similar to Steve Jobs and other CEOs, the remainder of his compensation is in the form of stock and performance-based bonuses.[100][101]
In 2014, Musk announced that Tesla would allow its technology patents to be used by anyone in good faith in a bid to entice automobile manufacturers to speed up development of electric cars. "The unfortunate reality is electric car programs (or programs for any vehicle that doesn't burn hydrocarbons) at the major manufacturers are small to non-existent, constituting an average of far less than 1% of their total vehicle sales", Musk said.[102]
In February 2016, Musk announced that he had acquired the Tesla.com domain name from Stu Grossman, who had owned it since 1992 and changed Tesla's homepage to that domain.[103]
SolarCity
Main article: SolarCity
Musk provided the initial concept and financial capital for SolarCity, which was then co-founded in 2006 by his cousins Lyndon and Peter Rive.[104][105] SolarCity is now the second largest provider of solar power systems in the United States.[106]
The underlying motivation for funding both SolarCity and Tesla is to help combat global warming.[107] In 2012, Musk announced that SolarCity and Tesla are collaborating to use electric vehicle batteries to smooth the impact of rooftop solar on the power grid, with the program going live in 2013.[108]
On June 17, 2014, Musk committed to building in Buffalo, New York, a SolarCity advanced production facility that would triple the size of the largest solar plant in the United States. Musk stated the plant will be "one of the single largest solar panel production plants in the world", and it will be followed by one or more even bigger facilities in subsequent years.[109][needs update]
In June 2016, Musk's car company, Tesla, formally submitted an offer to acquire SolarCity.[110]
Hyperloop
Main articles: Hyperloop and Hyperloop pod competition
On August 12, 2013, Musk unveiled a concept for a high-speed transportation system incorporating reduced-pressure tubes in which pressurized capsules ride on an air cushion driven by linear induction motors and air compressors.[111] The mechanism for releasing the concept was an alpha-design document that, in addition to scoping out the technology, outlined a notional route where such a transport system might be built: between the Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area.[112]
After earlier envisioning Hyperloop, Musk assigned a dozen engineers from Tesla and SpaceX who worked for nine months, establishing the conceptual foundations and creating the designs for the transportation system.[113][114] An early design for the system was then published in a whitepaper posted to the Tesla and SpaceX blogs.[115][116][117] Musk's proposal, if technologically feasible at the costs he has cited, would make Hyperloop travel cheaper than any other mode of transport for such long distances. The alpha design was proposed to use a partial vacuum to reduce aerodynamic drag, which it is theorized would allow for high-speed travel with relatively low power, with certain other features like air-bearing skis and an inlet compressor to reduce air drag. The alpha design document estimated the total cost of an LA-to-SF Hyperloop system at US$6 billion, but this amount is speculative.[118]
In June 2015, Musk announced a design competition for students and others to build Hyperloop pods to operate on a SpaceX-sponsored mile-long track in a 2015–2017 Hyperloop pod competition. The track was used in January 2017, and Musk also started building a tunnel.[119]
Hyperloop One, a company unaffiliated with Musk, had announced that it had done its first successful test run on its DevLoop track in Nevada on July 13, 2017. It was on May 12, 2017 at 12:02 A.M and had lasted 5.3 seconds, reaching a top speed of 70 mph.[120]
On July 25, 2017, Elon Musk announced that he had gotten approval from the Department of Transportation to build a hyperloop from New York City to Washington D.C stopping in both Philadelphia and Baltimore.[121]
OpenAI
Main article: OpenAI
In December 2015, Elon Musk announced the creation of OpenAI, a not-for-profit artificial intelligence (AI) research company. OpenAI aims to develop artificial general intelligence in a way that is safe and beneficial to humanity.[122]
By making AI available to everyone, OpenAI wants to "counteract large corporations who may gain too much power by owning super-intelligence systems devoted to profits, as well as governments which may use AI to gain power and even oppress their citizenry".[123]
Neuralink
Main article: Neuralink
In 2016, Musk co-founded Neuralink, a neurotechnology startup company, to integrate the human brain with artificial intelligence. The company, which is still in the earliest stages of existence, is centered on creating devices that can be implanted in the human brain, with the eventual purpose of helping human beings merge with software and keep pace with advancements in artificial intelligence. These enhancements could improve memory or allow for more direct interfacing with computing devices.[124]
The Boring Company
Main article: The Boring Company
On December 17, 2016, while stuck in traffic, Musk tweeted "Am going to build a tunnel boring machine and just start digging..." The company was named 'The Boring Company'.[125] On January 21, 2017, Musk tweeted "Exciting progress on the tunnel front. Plan to start digging in a month or so."[126] The first tunnel will start on the SpaceX campus,[127] and will probably go to a nearby parking garage. As of January 26, 2017, discussions with regulatory bodies have begun,[128] but no requests for permits to dig in the Los Angeles area have yet been filed with the California Department of Transportation.[129]
In February 2017, the company began digging a 30-foot-wide, 50-foot-long, and 15-foot-deep "test trench" on the premises of Space X's offices in Los Angeles, since the construction requires no permits.[130][131]
Subsidies
Musk has stated that he does not believe the U.S. government should provide subsidies to companies but should instead use a carbon tax to price in the negative externality of air pollution and discourage "bad behavior." Musk argues that the free market would achieve the "best solution," and that producing environmentally unfriendly vehicles should come with its own consequences.[132]
Musk's statements have been widely criticized, with Stanford University Professor Fred Turner noting that "if you're an entrepreneur like Elon Musk, you will take the money where you can get it, but at the same time believe as a matter of faith that it's entrepreneurship and technology that are the sources of social change, not the state. It is not quite self-delusion, but there is a habit of thinking of oneself as a free-standing, independent agent, and of not acknowledging the subsidies that one received. And this goes on all the time in Silicon Valley."[133] Author Michael Shellenberger argued that "in the case of Musk, it is hard not to read that as a kind of defensiveness. And I think there is a business reason for it. They are dealing with a lot of investors for whom subsidies are not the basis for a long-term viable business, and they often want to exaggerate the speed with which they are going to be able to become independent." Shellenberger continues, "we would all be better off if these entrepreneurs were a bit more grateful, a bit more humble." While journalist and author Jim Motavalli, who interviewed Musk for High Voltage, his 2011 book about the electric vehicle industry, speculated that "Elon is now looking at it from the point of view of a winner, and he doesn't want to see other people win because they get government money – I do think there is a tendency of people, once they have succeeded, to want to pull the ladder up after them."[134]
In 2015, Musk's statements were subject to further scrutiny when an LA Times article claimed that SpaceX, Tesla, SolarCity and buyers of their products had or were projected to receive together an estimated US$4.9 billion in government subsidies over twenty years. One example given is New York state, which is spending $750 million to build a solar panel factory in Buffalo which will be leased to SolarCity for $1 a year. The deal also includes no property taxes for a decade, an estimated $260 million valuation. Musk employs a former U.S. State Department official as the chief negotiator for Tesla.[135]
Political positions




Musk speaking alongside Irish Taoiseach (Prime Minister) Enda Kenny


Politically, Musk has described himself as "half Democrat, half Republican." In his own words: "I'm somewhere in the middle, socially liberal and fiscally conservative."[136] In 2016, Musk became a member of two of then President-elect Donald Trump's presidential advisory committees (the Strategic and Policy Forum[137][138][139][140] and Manufacturing Jobs Initiative)[141] but resigned from both in 2017, in protest at Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement on climate change.[142][143]
Musk has described himself as "nauseatingly pro-American." According to Musk, the United States is "[inarguably] the greatest country that has ever existed on Earth," describing it as "the greatest force for good of any country that's ever been." Musk believes outright that there "would not be democracy in the world if not for the United States," arguing there were "three separate occasions in the 20th-century where democracy would have fallen with World War I, World War II and the Cold War, if not for the United States." Musk also stated that he thinks "it would be a mistake to say the United States is perfect, it certainly is not. There have been many foolish things the United States has done and bad things the United States has done."[144]
Prompted by the emergence of self-driving cars and Artificial Intelligence, Musk has voiced support for a Universal Basic Income.[145]
Prior to the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Musk criticized candidate Trump by saying: "I feel a bit stronger that he is probably not the right guy. He doesn't seem to have the sort of character that reflects well on the United States."[146] Following Donald Trump's inauguration, Musk expressed approval of Trump's choice of Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State and accepted an invitation to appear on a panel advising President Trump. Regarding his cooperation with Trump, Musk has subsequently commented: "The more voices of reason that the President hears, the better."[147]
Lobbying
In an interview with the Washington Post, Musk stated he was a "significant (though not top-tier) donor to Democrats, but that he also gives heavily to Republicans." Musk further stated, "in order to have your voice be heard in Washington, you have to make some little contribution."[148][149]
A recent report from the Sunlight Foundation (a nonpartisan group that tracks government spending), found that "SpaceX has spent over US$4 million on lobbying Congress since it was established in 2002 and doled out more than US$800,000 in political contributions" to Democrats and Republicans. The same report noted that "SpaceX's campaign to win political support has been systematic and sophisticated", and that "unlike most tech-startups, SpaceX has maintained a significant lobbying presence in Washington almost since day 1". The report further noted that "Musk himself has donated roughly US$725,000 to various campaigns since 2002. In 2004, he contributed US$2,000 to President George W. Bush's reelection campaign, maxing out (over US$100,000)[150] to Obama's reelection campaign and donated US$5,000 to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who represents Florida, a state critical to the space industry. (...) All told, Musk and SpaceX gave out roughly US$250,000 in the 2012 election cycle."[148][151] Additionally, SpaceX hired former Republican Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott to represent the company, via the Washington-based lobbying group Patton Boggs LLP. Alongside Patton Boggs LLP, SpaceX uses several other outside lobbying firms, who work alongside SpaceX's own lobbyists.[152]
Musk had been a supporter of the U.S. political action committee (PAC) FWD.us, which was started by fellow high-profile entrepreneur Mark Zuckerberg and advocates for immigration reform. However, in May 2013, Musk publicly withdrew his support in protest of advertisements the PAC was running that supported causes like the Keystone Pipeline. Musk and other members, including David O. Sacks, pulled out, criticizing the strategy as "cynical".[153] Musk further stated, "we shouldn't give in to the politics. If we give in to that, we'll get the political system we deserve."[154]
In December 2013, Sean Becker of the media/political website Mic called Musk a "complete hypocrite", stating that "[for] the 2014 election cycle, Musk has contributed to the Longhorn PAC and the National Republican Congressional Committee — both of which have funded the campaigns of anti-science, anti-environment candidates such as Rep. Michelle Bachman (R-Minn.)."[154] Musk has directly contributed to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who has been accused of holding similar positions regarding climate change.[151]
Opinions
Destiny and religion
When asked whether he believed "there was some kind of destiny involved" in humanity's transition to a multi-planetary species, rather than "just physics", Musk responded:

Well, I do. Do I think that there's some sort of master intelligence architecting all of this stuff? I think probably not because then you have to say: "Where does the master intelligence come from?" So it sort of begs the question. So I think really you can explain this with the fundamental laws of physics. You know its complex phenomenon from simple elements.[155]

Musk has stated that he does not pray, or worship any being, although previously admitted to praying before an important Falcon 1 launch, asking "any entities that [were] listening" to "bless [the] launch". When asked whether he believed "religion and science could co-exist", Musk replied "probably not".[156]
Extraterrestrial life
Although Musk believes "there is a good chance that there is simple life on other planets", he "questions whether there is other intelligent life in the known universe".[156] Musk later clarified his "hope that there is other intelligent life in the known universe", and stated that it is "probably more likely than not, but that's a complete guess."[157]
Musk has also considered the simulation hypothesis as a potential solution to the Fermi paradox:

The absence of any noticeable life may be an argument in favour of us being in a simulation.... Like when you're playing an adventure game, and you can see the stars in the background, but you can't ever get there. If it's not a simulation, then maybe we're in a lab and there's some advanced alien civilization that's just watching how we develop, out of curiosity, like mould in a petri dish.... If you look at our current technology level, something strange has to happen to civilizations, and I mean strange in a bad way. ... And it could be that there are a whole lot of dead, one-planet civilizations.[158]

Artificial intelligence
Musk has frequently spoken out about the potential dangers of artificial intelligence, declaring it "the most serious threat to the survival of the human race". During an interview at the MIT AeroAstro Centennial Symposium, Musk described AI as "[humanity's] biggest existential threat", further stating, "I'm increasingly inclined to think that there should be some regulatory oversight, maybe at the national and international level, just to make sure that we don't do something very foolish." Musk described the creation of artificial intelligence as "summoning the demon".[159][160]
Despite this, Musk has previously invested in DeepMind, an AI firm, and Vicarious, a company working to improve machine intelligence. In January 2015, he donated $10 million to the Future of Life Institute, an organization focused on challenges posed by advanced technologies.[161] He is the co-chairman of OpenAI, a nonprofit artificial intelligence research company.[162]
Musk has said that his investments are, "not from the standpoint of actually trying to make any investment return... I like to just keep an eye on what's going on with artificial intelligence". Musk continued, "There have been movies about this, you know, like Terminator – there are some scary outcomes. And we should try to make sure the outcomes are good, not bad."[163]
In June 2016, he was asked whether he thinks humans live in a computer simulation, to which he answered "probably". Elaborated as follows:

The strongest argument for us probably being in a simulation I think is the following: 40 years ago we had Pong – two rectangles and a dot. That's where we were. Now 40 years later we have photorealistic, 3D simulations with millions of people playing simultaneously and it's getting better every year. And soon we'll have virtual reality, we'll have augmented reality. If you assume any rate of improvement at all, then the games will become indistinguishable from reality, just indistinguishable.[164]

Personal life
Musk owned a McLaren F1 supercar, which he crashed while it was uninsured.[165] He also previously owned an Aero L-39, a Czech-made jet trainer aircraft .[166]
The 1994 model Dassault Falcon 900 aircraft used in the 2005 film Thank You for Smoking is registered to Musk (N900SX),[167] and Musk had a cameo as the pilot of his plane, opening the door for Robert Duvall and escorting Aaron Eckhart aboard. Musk owns Wet Nellie, the Lotus Esprit from the James Bond film The Spy Who Loved Me. He plans to convert it into the functional car-submarine from the film.[168]
Musk attended the Burning Man festival in 2004 and has said he first thought up the idea for SolarCity at the festival.[108]
Tosca Musk, Elon's sister, is a filmmaker. She is the founder of Musk Entertainment and has produced various movies.[169]
Musk stated that he wants to die on Mars, just not on impact.[170]
Philanthropy
Musk is chairman of the Musk Foundation, which focuses its philanthropic efforts on providing solar-power energy systems in disaster areas. In 2010, the Musk Foundation collaborated with SolarCity to donate a 25-kW solar power system to the South Bay Community Alliance's (SBCA) hurricane response center in Coden, Alabama.[171] In July 2011, the Musk Foundation donated US$250,000 towards a solar power project in Sōma, Japan, a city that had been recently devastated by tsunami.[172]
In July 2014, Musk was asked by cartoonist Matthew Inman and William Terbo, the grandnephew of Nikola Tesla, to donate US$8 million toward the construction of the Tesla Science Center at Wardenclyffe.[173] Ultimately, Musk agreed to donate US$1 million toward the project and additionally pledged to build a Tesla Supercharger in the museum car park.[174]
Musk donated US$10 million to the Future of Life Institute in January 2015, to run a global research program aimed at keeping artificial intelligence beneficial to humanity.[175][161][176]
As of 2015, Musk is a trustee of the X Prize Foundation[177] and a signatory of The Giving Pledge.[178]
Family
Musk met his first wife, Canadian author Justine Wilson, while both were students at Ontario's Queen's University. They married in 2000 and separated in 2008.[179]
Their first son, Nevada Alexander Musk, died of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) at the age of ten weeks.[180] They later had five sons through in vitro fertilization – twins in 2004, followed by triplets in 2006 – all of whom they share custody.[181]
In 2008, Musk began dating English actress Talulah Riley, and in 2010, the couple married. In January 2012, Musk announced that he had ended his four-year relationship with Riley,[33][182] tweeting to Riley, "It was an amazing four years. I will love you forever. You will make someone very happy one day."[183] In July 2013, Musk and Riley remarried. In December 2014, Musk filed for a second divorce from Riley, however, the action was withdrawn.[7] It was announced in March 2016 that divorce proceedings were again under way, this time with Riley filing for divorce from Musk.[184] The divorce was finalized in late 2016.[185]
Zolpidem usage
In an apparent self-admission of mixing Zolpidem and alcohol, Musk tweeted in June 2017 "A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!".[186] Health authorities advise to not take Zolpidem together with alcohol, which can be a highly addictive combination and increase the risk of experiencing dangerous side-effects.[187] Musk gained media attention for advocating a dangerous drug combination publicly on his social media.[188][189]
Patents


Title
Application number
Grant number
Application date
Grant date
Original assignee


Funnel shaped charge inlet[190]
13/549185
8579635
2012-07-13
2013-11-12
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle charge inlet[191]
29/427056
D724031
2012-07-13
2015-03-10
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle[192]
29/412833
D683268
2012-02-08
2013-05-28
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle door[193]
29/412841
D678154
2012-02-08
2013-03-19
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Awards and recognition

In 2006, Musk served as a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences Aeronautics and Space Engineering Board.[194]
R&D Magazine Innovator of the Year for 2007 for SpaceX, Tesla, and SolarCity.[195]
Inc Magazine Entrepreneur of the Year award for 2007 for his work on Tesla and SpaceX.[196]
2007 Index Design award for his design of the Tesla Roadster.[197] Global Green 2006 product design award for his design of the Tesla Roadster, presented by Mikhail Gorbachev.[198]
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics George Low award for the most outstanding contribution in the field of space transportation in 2007/2008. Musk was recognized for his design of the Falcon 1, the first privately developed liquid-fuel rocket to reach orbit.[199]
National Wildlife Federation 2008 National Conservation Achievement award for Tesla and SolarCity. Other 2008 recipients include journalist Thomas Friedman, U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT), and Florida Governor Charlie Crist.[200]
The Aviation Week 2008 Laureate for the most significant achievement worldwide in the space industry.[201]
National Space Society's Von Braun Trophy in 2008/2009, given for leadership of the most significant achievement in space. Prior recipients include Burt Rutan and Steve Squyres.[202]
Automotive Executive of the Year (worldwide) in 2010 for demonstrating technology leadership and innovation via Tesla. Prior awardees include Bill Ford Jr, Bob Lutz, Dieter Zetsche and Lee Iacocca. Musk is the youngest ever recipient of this award.[203]
Listed as one of Time's 100 people who most affected the world in 2010.[204]
The world governing body for aerospace records, Fédération Aéronautique Internationale, presented Musk in 2010 with the highest award in air and space, the FAI Gold Space Medal, for designing the first privately developed rocket to reach orbit. Prior recipients include Neil Armstrong, Burt Rutan of Scaled Composites and John Glenn.[205]
Named as one of the 75 most influential people of the 21st century by Esquire magazine.[78]
Recognized as a Living Legend of Aviation in 2010 by the Kitty Hawk Foundation for creating the successor to the Space Shuttle (Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft). Other recipients include Buzz Aldrin and Richard Branson.[206]
In 2010, Musk was elected to the board of trustees of the California Institute of Technology,[207] however no longer holds the position.[208]
In a 2010 Space Foundation survey, he was ranked as the No. 10 (tied with rocketry pioneer and scientist Wernher von Braun) most popular space hero.[209]
In February 2011, Forbes listed Musk as one of "America's 20 Most Powerful CEOs 40 And Under".[210]
In June 2011, Musk was awarded the US$250,000 Heinlein Prize for Advances in Space Commercialization[211]
In 2011, Musk was honored as a Legendary Leader at the Churchill Club Awards.[212]
In 2012, Musk was awarded the Royal Aeronautical Society's highest award: a Gold Medal.[213]
Musk was the 2012 recipient of Smithsonian magazine's American Ingenuity Award in the Technology category.
In 2013, Musk was named the Fortune Businessperson of the year for SpaceX, SolarCity, and Tesla.[214]
In 2015, he was awarded IEEE Honorary Membership.[215]
As of 2015, Musk serves on the board of advisors of Social Concepts, Inc.[216]
In 2016, The Drive, a division of Time, named Musk the most influential person in the car business and as the second most influential person in the automotive tech sector.[217]
In June 2016, Business Insider named Musk one of the "Top 10 Business Visionaries Creating Value for the World" along with Mark Zuckerberg and Sal Khan.[218]
In December 2016, Musk was ranked 21st on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[23]
In March 2017, Musk was listed by UK-based company Richtopia at number 3 in the list of 200 Most Influential Philanthropists and Social Entrepreneurs.[219][220]

Honorary doctorates

Honorary doctorate in Design from the Art Center College of Design[221]
Honorary doctorate (DUniv) in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Surrey[222]
Honorary doctorate of Engineering and Technology from Yale University[223]

In popular media
In the 2005 film Thank You for Smoking, Musk had a cameo as the pilot of his own plane, opening the door for the Captain (Robert Duvall) and escorting Nick Naylor (Aaron Eckhart) aboard. In Iron Man 2 (2010), he met Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) in a restaurant, and had some brief lines regarding an "idea for an electric jet". In 2014, he was satirized in the South Park episode "Handicar". He later made a guest appearance in three more episodes of South Park in 2016, this time voicing himself in the episodes "Members Only", "Not Funny", and "The End of Serialization as We Know It." In January 2015, he made a guest appearance playing himself on The Simpsons in an episode titled "The Musk Who Fell to Earth"; the episode poked fun at many of the inventor's ideas.[224]
In November 2015, Musk appeared in an episode of The Big Bang Theory, playing himself, volunteering at a soup kitchen with Howard.[225] In 2016 Musk was referenced by Dr. Martin Stein on The CW time-travel TV show DC's Legends of Tomorrow. During a time travel to the past, Stein meets his younger self and introduced himself as Elon Musk, to disguise his own identity.[226] Following the same TV universe on The CW, in the DC Superhero series The Flash, one of the characters[who?] quoted that he wished he'd be like Elon Musk on alternate universes.[citation needed]
Musk was also featured in the 2015 environmental documentary Racing Extinction, in which a custom Tesla Model S was designed to help project images of critically endangered species onto public buildings, including the Empire State Building and the Vatican.[227]
In 2016 Musk appeared as himself in the romantic comedy film Why Him? where he was briefly met by one of the main characters, Ned Flemming played by Bryan Cranston, in a bar at a party.[228]
References


^ "Billionaire Tesla CEO Elon Musk Buys Neighbor's Home in Bel Air For Million". Forbes. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ "Inside Elon Musk's M Bel Air Mansion". Bloomberg News. Retrieved August 21, 2013. 
^ Hull, Dana (April 11, 2014). "Timeline: Elon Musk's accomplishments". Retrieved June 11, 2015 – via Mercury News. 
^ Zanerhaft, Jaron (2013). "Elon Musk: Patriarchs and Prodigies". CSQ. C-Suite Quarterly. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ "The World's Billionaires List". Forbes. Retrieved July 25, 2017. 
^ "Actor Talulah Riley files to divorce billionaire Elon Musk, again". The Guardian. March 21, 2016. Retrieved April 20, 2016. The pair first married in 2010 and divorced in 2012. They remarried 18 months later. 
^ a b "Elon Musk withdraws Talulah Riley divorce papers after being spotted at Allen & Company conference". Mail Online. August 5, 2015. 
^ Curtis, Sophie (November 10, 2014). "Elon Musk 'to launch fleet of internet satellites'". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved June 23, 2015. Elon Musk, inventor and business magnate 
^ Vance, Ashlee (September 13, 2012). "Elon Musk, the 21st Century Industrialist". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved June 23, 2015. 
^ "Early Career Engineers, Conferences and Careers". asme.org. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Bellis, Mary. "Biography of Elon Musk". inventors.about.com. About.com. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ "The Top 10 Venture Capitalists on 2014's Midas List". Forbes. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Albergotti, Reed (March 21, 2014). "Zuckerberg, Musk Invest in Artificial Intelligence Company". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Love, Dylan (March 21, 2014). "Elon Musk And Mark Zuckerberg Have Invested Million in a Mysterious Artificial Intelligence Company". Business Insider. Business Insider. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ [11][12][13][14]
^ Shanklin, Emily (27 March 2017). "Elon Musk". SpaceX. Retrieved 17 June 2017. 
^ Martin LaMonica (September 21, 2009). "Tesla Motors founders: Now there are five". CNET. 
^ "A Brief history of Tesla". Tech Crunch. January 4, 2013. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Tesla was founded not by Elon Musk, but rather by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning in July 2003. The two bootstrapped the fledgling auto company until Elon Musk led the company's  million Series A financing round in February 2004, when Musk became the company's Chairman of the Board. 
^ Hardy, Quentin; Bilton, Nick (March 16, 2014). "Start-Ups Aim to Conquer Space Market". The New York Times. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Space Exploration Technologies, or Space X, started by the Tesla founder Elon Musk 
^ "Trust Your Own Focus Group of One". Entrepreneur.com. April 11, 2014. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Elon Musk, founder of PayPal, Tesla and SpaceX 
^ [17][18][19][20]
^ "Elon Musk". Forbes.com. Retrieved 21 March 2017. 
^ a b "The World's Most Powerful People". Forbes. December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Youtube Video - Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity". 
^ Why Invest In Making Life Multi-Planetary? Elon Musk. December 13, 2011. Retrieved February 21, 2016 – via YouTube. 
^ Ross Andersen (September 30, 2014). "Elon Musk puts his case for a multi-planet civilisation". Aeon. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ Jonathan Charlton. "Elon Musk 'Toying' with Designs for Electric Jet". Aviation.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk on dodging a nervous breakdown (2013). YouTube. March 16, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk (South African entrepreneur)". Britannica Online Encyclopedia. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ a b His Biography author Ashlee Vance interviewed on the TV show Triangulation on the TWiT.tv network, discussion of his family starts around the 15th minute
^ Friend, Tad (2009). "Plugged In". The New Yorker. 85 (23–30): 53. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ Masia, Seth (May 2011). "A Family Leads to the Installer Universe". Solar Today. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ a b Elliott, Hannah (March 3, 2012). "At Home With Elon Musk: The (Soon-to-Be) Bachelor Billionaire". Forbes. Retrieved August 12, 2013. 
^ [30][31][32][33]
^ a b Hall, Dana (April 11, 2014). "Rocket Man: The otherworldly ambitions of Elon Musk". San Jose Mercury News. Retrieved April 14, 2014. 
^ Hannah Elliott. "At Home With Elon Musk: The (Soon-to-Be) Bachelor Billionaire". Forbes. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ "Tweet". February 5, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g Vance, Ashlee (2015). Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future. ISBN 978-0062301239. 
^ a b Pierre Haski (May 28, 2015). "Elon Musk (Tesla, SpaceX): génie ou prédateur de la Silicon Valley?" (in French). rue89.nouvelobs.com. 
^ a b "Play the PC game Elon Musk wrote as a pre-teen". 
^ a b Belfiore, Michael (2007). "Chapter 7: Orbit on a Shoestring". Rocketeers. Harper Collins. pp. 166–95. ISBN 978-0-06-114902-3. 
^ "Blastar for HTML5". blastar-1984.appspot.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ a b "37 Interesting Facts about Elon Musk, One of the Most Innovative Entrepreneurs of Our Time". BoomsBeat.com. February 14, 2014. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Davis, Johnny (August 4, 2007). "One more giant leap". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ Diggelen, Alison van (February 7, 2013). "Iron Man, Growing up in South Africa". Fresh Dialogues. Retrieved November 1, 2013. I actually filled out the forms for her and got her a Canadian passport, and me too. Within three weeks of getting my Canadian passport, I was in Canada. 
^ Robin Keats (2013). "Rocket man". Queen's University. Archived from the original on May 4, 2015. 
^ Inspirations with Elon Musk. OnInnovation. Retrieved June 24, 2010. 
^ Junod, Tom (November 15, 2012). "Triumph of His Will". Esquire. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ Clark, Steve (September 27, 2014). "SpaceX chief: Commercial launch sites necessary step to Mars". Brownsville Herald. Retrieved September 30, 2014. 
^ a b Friedman, Josh (April 22, 2003), "Entrepreneur Tries His Midas Touch in Space", Los Angeles Times 
^ a b c "Elon Musk Biography". Advameg. August 23, 2005. 
^ a b Kidder, David; Hoffman, Reid (2013). The Startup Playbook: Secrets of the Fastest Growing Start-Ups from the founding Entrepreneurs. San Francisco, CA: Chronicle Books. pp. 2224–228. ISBN 978-1452105048. 
^ Junnarkar, Sandeep (February 16, 1999). "Compaq buys Zip2". CNET. 
^ Jackson, Erik (2004). The PayPal Wars. Los Angeles, CA: World Ahead Publishing. pp. 40, 69, 130, 163. 
^ Musk, Elon (October 8, 2003). Success Through Viral Marketing: PayPal. Entrepreneurial Thought Leaders Lecture. 
^ "The PayPal Mafia". Fortune. Retrieved July 4, 2015. 
^ "SEC 10-K" (PDF). eBay. December 31, 2002. 
^ "SEC 10-K". Paypal. December 31, 2001. 
^ McKnight, John Carter (September 25, 2001). "Elon Musk, Life to Mars Foundation". Mars Now, a weekly column. Space Frontier Foundation. 
^ Musk, Elon. "Risky Business". IEEE Spectrum. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
^ a b Vance, Ashlee (May 14, 2015). "Elon Musk's space dream almost killed Tesla". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved June 7, 2015. 
^ "How Steve Jurvetson Saved Elon Musk". Business Insider. September 14, 2012. 
^ SpaceX and Daring to Think Big – Steve Jurvetson. YouTube. January 28, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk (September 8, 2006). "SpaceX wins NASA competition to replace Space Shuttle". SpaceX. 
^ Wayne, Leslie (February 5, 2006). "A Bold Plan to Go Where Men Have Gone Before". The New York Times. Retrieved February 16, 2015. 
^ California Business Search (C2414622 - Space Exploration Technologies Corp) 
^ SpaceX 
^ Harwood, William (May 31, 2012). "SpaceX Dragon returns to Earth, ends historic trip". CBS News. Retrieved August 3, 2013. 
^ COTS 2006 Demo Competition. NASA (accessed August 26, 2014); and announcement "Commercial Orbital Transportation Services Demonstrations". January 18, 2006 (accessed August 26, 2014)
^ "NASA Awards Space Station Commercial Resupply Services Contracts". nasa.gov. NASA. 23 December 2008. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "Boeing And SpaceX Win Billion In NASA Contracts". NPR.org. National Public Radio. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "SpaceX rocket in historic upright landing". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ O'Kane, Sean (2016-05-27). "SpaceX successfully lands a Falcon 9 rocket at sea for the third time". The Verge. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "Is SpaceX Changing the Rocket Equation?". airspacemag.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Clark, Stephen. "100th Merlin 1D engine flies on Falcon 9 rocket – Spaceflight Now". Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "SpaceX completes 100th Merlin 1D Engine". SpaceX. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Carroll, Roy (July 17, 2013). "Elon Musk's mission to Mars". The Guardian. London, UK. Retrieved July 23, 2013. 
^ a b "75 most influential people: Elon Musk". Esquire. October 1, 2008. 
^ "Space Exploration Technologies Corporation Press Release". SpaceX. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ "Elon Musk: I'll Put a Man on Mars in 10 Years". Market Watch. New York. April 22, 2011. Archived from the original on December 1, 2011. Retrieved December 1, 2011. 
^ Elon Musk speaks at the Hyperloop Pod Award Ceremony (2016.1.30). January 31, 2016. Retrieved February 21, 2016 – via YouTube. 
^ "SpaceX Will Launch Private Mars Missions as Soon as 2018". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ Davenport, Christian (2016-06-13). "Elon Musk provides new details on his ‘mind blowing’ mission to Mars". Washington Post. Retrieved 2016-06-14. 
^ Chang, Kenneth (27 September 2016). "Elon Musk’s Plan: Get Humans to Mars, and Beyond". New York Times. Retrieved 27 September 2016. 
^ Lambert, Fred (November 16, 2016). "Elon Musk’s stake in SpaceX is actually worth more than his Tesla shares". Electrek. Retrieved November 17, 2016. 
^ Burns, Matt (October 8, 2014). "A Brief History of Tesla". TechCrunch. TechCrunch.com. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Nordqvist, Joseph (February 12, 2014). "Tesla Motors Inc.—Company Information". Market Business News. Archived from the original on February 12, 2014. Retrieved April 16, 2014. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 2, 2006). "The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan (just between you and me) No. 124". Tesla Motors. Archived from the original on August 2, 2010. Retrieved October 3, 2010. [self-published source]
^ Musk, Elon. "CEO Elon Musk". Tesla Motors. Retrieved October 20, 2010. 
^ Morrison, Chris (October 15, 2008). "Musk steps in as CEO". The New York Times. 
^ Graham Ruddick. "Tesla's Model X electric car spreads falcon wings at US launch". the Guardian. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Tesla Model X: Not a model launch". Fortune. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Model X". Tesla Motors. October 29, 2012. 
^ Joann Muller (June 1, 2013). "What Do Toyota And Mercedes See in Tesla? A Bit of Themselves". Forbes.com. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 2, 2006). "The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan (just between you and me)". Tesla Motors. 
^ Hamilton, Tyler (October 12, 2009). "Tesla CEO following in Henry Ford's tracks". Toronto Star. Archived from the original on October 17, 2009. 
^ Del Ray, Jason (May 29, 2013), Musk: You'll Be Able to Drive Your Tesla Cross-Country by Year's End With Supercharger Expansion, All Things D 
^ Claudia Assis; Jeremy C. Owens. "Elon Musk exercises Tesla options, pays million tax bill with own cash". MarketWatch. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ Chris Ziegler (January 29, 2016). "Elon Musk bought million more worth of Tesla this week". The Verge. Vox Media. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ "Tesla's Elon Musk worked for free last year". Fortune. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Durisin, Megan (August 10, 2013). "Musk get US$4.3 million of stock options for Model X work". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ "All Our Patent Are Belong To You". Tesla Motors. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Dana Hull (2016-02-19). "Musk Gets Tesla.com Domain Name After Waiting a Decade". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 2016-03-22. 
^ "Management Team". SolarCity. 
^ Kanellos, Michael (February 15, 2008). "Newsmaker: Elon Musk on rockets, sports cars, and solar power". CNET. 
^ "2013 Top 250 Solar Contractors". Solar Power World. September 13, 2013. 
^ The unveiling of the Tesla Motors Electric Car. Autoblog. Retrieved July 26, 2006. 
^ a b Diggelen, Alison van. "Tesla and SolarCity Collaborate on Clean Energy Storage". KQED. Retrieved June 25, 2012. 
^ Aaron Smith (June 17, 2014). "Elon Musk's sunny plans for Buffalo". CNNMoney. 
^ "Tesla Makes Offer to Acquire SolarCity". www.teslamotors.com. Retrieved 2016-06-22. 
^ "Beyond the hype of Hyperloop: An analysis of Elon Musk's proposed transit system". Gizmag.com. August 22, 2013. Retrieved August 23, 2013. 
^ Ashlee Vance. "Revealed: Elon Musk Explains the Hyperloop, the Solar-Powered High-Speed Future of Inter-City Transportation". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved April 27, 2016. 
^ "Hyperloop Update: Elon Musk Will Start Developing It Himself". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2016-03-22. 
^ "Musk announces plans to build Hyperloop demonstrator". gizmag.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 12, 2013). "Hyperloop Alpha" (PDF). SpaceX. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 12, 2013). "Hyperloop". Tesla. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ "Hyperloop Designed for Quick, Convenient Commute". ABC News. March 9, 2013. Retrieved August 15, 2013. 
^ "Hyperloop". SpaceX. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ Mazza, Sandy (January 29, 2017). "Hyperloop competition brings new mass-transit technology to life in Hawthorne". Daily Bulletin. 
^ Hawkins, Andrew J. (2017-07-14). "Talking to Hyperloop One about its big ‘Kitty Hawk’ moment — and what comes next". The Verge. Retrieved 2017-07-14. 
^ "Elon Musk Says He Has 'Verbal' OK To Build N.Y.-D.C. Hyperloop". NPR.org. Retrieved 2017-07-25. 
^ Markoff, John (December 11, 2015). "Artificial-Intelligence Research Center Is Founded by Silicon Valley Investors". The New York Times. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ Levy, Steven (December 11, 2015). "How Elon Musk and Y Combinator Plan to Stop Computers From Taking Over". Medium/Backchannel. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk launches Neuralink, a venture to merge the human brain with AI". The Verge. 2017-03-27. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Golson, Jordan (2017-01-25). "Elon Musk: "Without tunnels, we will all be in traffic hell forever"". The Verge. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ "Elon Musk Will Begin Digging His "Boring Company" Tunnel in About A Month". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ Parnell, Brid-Aine. "Elon Musk Teases Traffic-Busting Tunneling Firm 'The Boring Co.'". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ Solon, Olivia (January 26, 2017). "Elon Musk to dig tunnel to ease traffic in LA, but he doesn't yet have permission" – via The Guardian. 
^ Mazza, Sandy. "Elon Musk wants to start digging a traffic-relieving tunnel in Hawthorne ‘in a month or so’". Los Angeles Daily Times. Retrieved 2017-01-28. 
^ Chafkin, Max (16 February 2017). "Elon Musk Is Really Boring". Bloomberg. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ Heathman, Amelia. "Elon Musk's boring machine has already built a 'test trench' in LA". WIRED UK. Retrieved 2017-02-19. 
^ Werber, Cassie. "Elon Musk says tax-free carbon is "the dumbest experiment in history"". Quartz. Retrieved 30 August 2016. 
^ "Taxpayer Subsidies Helped Tesla Motors, So Why Does Elon Musk Slam Them?". Mother Jones. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Harkinson, Josh (September 2013). "Taxpayer Subsidies Helped Tesla Motors, So Why Does Elon Musk Slam Them?". Mother Jones. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Hirsch, Jerry (May 30, 2015). "Elon Musk's growing empire is fuelled by  billion in government subsidies". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved June 2, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk: The Way Of The Future". YouTube. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Team, The Transition (December 14, 2016). "President-Elect Trump Announces Additional Members of President’s Strategic and Policy Forum". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Elon Musk and the chief executive of Uber are now advising Donald Trump". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Donald Trump Adds Elon Musk, Travis Kalanick, and Indra Nooyi to His Team of Advisers". December 14, 2016. Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ OConnell, Justin (December 23, 2016). "Elon Musk, Appointed to Trump's Team of Advisories, Thinks Bitcoin Is a "Good Thing" - CryptoCoinsNews". CryptoCoinsNews. Retrieved April 16, 2017. 
^ "Elon Musk just got more involved with Trump's administration". businessinsider.com. Retrieved January 29, 2017. 
^ "US quits Paris climate pact: Reaction from around the world following the US president's decision on the Paris accord". Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ "Elon Musk anouncing departing presidential councils on Twitter". Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ Wattenberg, Ben. "Elon Musk and the frontier of Technology". Think Tank. PBS.org. Retrieved June 12, 2015. 
^ Strange, Adario (2016-11-05). "Elon Musk thinks universal income is answer to automation taking human jobs". mashable.com. Retrieved 2017-02-06. 
^ "Elon Musk on Trump presidency: 'I don't think he's the right guy'". businessinsider.in. Retrieved March 21, 2017. 
^ Lee, Dave (2017-01-26). "Elon Musk: I'm Trump's voice of reason". BBC News. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ a b "Elon Musk, SpaceX Founder, Battles Entrenched Rivals Over NASA Contracts". The Huffington Post. February 20, 2013. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ "Obama and Congress at odds over Elon Musk". fightforvotes.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Timothy P. Carney, "Carney: Green stimulus profiteer comes under IRS scrutiny", WashingtonExaminer.com, October 14, 2012.
^ a b "SpaceX blasts off literally and politically". Sunlight Foundation. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Salant, Jonathan D. (September 27, 2013). "Billionaires Battle as Bezos-Musk Companies Vie for Launch Pad". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg Business. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ Steven Kovach, "Elon Musk Says He Quit Mark Zuckerberg's PAC Because It Was Too Cynical", BusinessInsider.com, May 31, 2013.
^ a b Becker, Sean (December 11, 2013). "Elon Musk Donated to Anti-Science Republicans". Mic. Policy.Mic. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ "Going to Mars with Elon Musk". OnInnovation.com. June 2008. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ a b "Elon Musk and Rainn Wilson discuss colonizing Mars, global warming, and the fear of failure". The Verge. March 19, 2013. Retrieved June 12, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk, CEO and CTO, Space Exploration Technologies Corp (SpaceX), Peter Diamandis, CEO, X Prize Foundation and John Doerr, Venture Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers". YouTube. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Anderson, Ross (September 30, 2014). "The Elon Musk Interview on Mars Colonization". Aeon. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Gibbs, Samuel (October 27, 2014). "Elon Musk: artificial intelligence is our biggest existential threat". The Guardian. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking think we should ban killer robots". Washington Post. July 28, 2015. Archived from the original on March 8, 2016. Retrieved January 5, 2017. 
^ a b Kosoff, Maya (January 15, 2015). "Elon Musk Is Donating Million To Keep Killer Robots From Taking Over The World". Business Insider. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ Muoio, Danielle (December 11, 2015). "Elon Musk just announced a new artificial intelligence research company". Tech Insider. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Hern, Alex (June 18, 2014). "Elon Musk says he invested in DeepMind over 'Terminator' fears". Retrieved June 10, 2015 – via The Guardian. 
^ "We are living in a computer simulation, Elon Musk says". The Independent. 2016-06-02. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ Matt Hardigree. "Elon Musk Explains How He Wrecked An Uninsured Million McLaren F1". Jalopnik. 
^ Wayne, Leslie (February 5, 2006). "A Bold Plan to Go Where Men Have Gone Before". The New York Times. 
^ FlightAware. "Aircraft Registration N900SK". Retrieved June 25, 2012. 
^ Chris Woodyard,"Tesla's Elon Musk buys 007's sub to make it real", USAToday.com, October 18, 2013; accessed November 13, 2013.
^ "Tosca Musk profile at". Musk entertainment. 
^ Achenbach, Joel. "Elon Musk Wants to Go to Mars" National Geographic November 2016. p. 41.
^ "Elon Musk and SolarCity Donate Solar Power Project to Coastal Response Center in Alabama". Enhanced Online News. Business Wire. 
^ "Elon Musk Donates Solar Power Project to Soma City in Fukushima Prefecture, Japan". BusinessWire.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
^ "What it's like to own a Tesla Model S – Part 2 – The Oatmeal". theoatmeal.com. 
^ Greg Kumparak. "Elon Musk Donates Million to the Oatmeal's Nikola Tesla Museum". TechCrunch. AOL. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk donates M to keep AI beneficial, Future of Life Institute, 2015, retrieved January 20, 2015 
^ "Elon Musk Donates M To Make Sure AI Doesn't Go The Way of Skynet". Mashable. 2015. Retrieved June 21, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk". XPRIZE. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Kroll, Luisa (April 19, 2012). "The Giving Pledge Signs on 12 More Wealthy Americans Including Tesla's Elon Musk And Home Depot's Arthur Blank". Forbes. 
^ Durand Streisand, Elizabeth. "A Look at Elon Musk's Rocky Romantic History". Yahoo. Retrieved 29 May 2017. 
^ Junod, Justine (November 14, 2012). "Elon Musk: Triumph of His Will". Esquire. Retrieved November 28, 2012. 
^ Elliott, Hannah. "Elon Musk – In Photos: Forbes Life Elon Musk". Forbes. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Lai, Jennifer (January 19, 2012). "Elon Musk Divorce: Announces Split From Talulah Riley On Twitter". The Huffington Post. Retrieved July 23, 2013. 
^ "Elon Musk Divorce: Announces Split From Talulah Riley On Twitter", The Huffington Post, January 19, 2012.
^ "Billionaire Elon Musk's wife files for divorce", Mashable.com, March 21, 2016.
^ Kimble, Lindsay (November 18, 2016). "lon Musk and Talulah Riley Are Divorced for a Second Time". People. Retrieved April 24, 2017. 
^ Musk, Elon (2017-06-06). "A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!". twitter. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Australian Government. "Zolpidem ("Stilnox") – updated information – February 2008". www.tga.gov.au. Archived from the original on 2007-08-12. Retrieved 2009-06-22. 
^ Matyszczyk, Chris (2017-06-07). "Elon Musk's strange, strange Ambien tweet". CNET. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Tan, Yvette (2017-06-07). "Elon Musk's weird Ambien tweets are back". Mashable. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; Ferguson, Joshua Willard; Zalan, Daryl; Van Dyke, Christopher Hugo (November 12, 2013), United States Patent: 8579635 - Funnel shaped charge inlet, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; Ferguson, Joshua Willard; Zalan, Daryl; Van Dyke, Christopher Hugo (March 10, 2015), United States Patent: D724031 - Vehicle charge inlet, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; von Holzhausen, Franz; Lee, Bernard; Imai, David Tadashi (May 28, 2013), United States Patent: D683268 - Vehicle, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; von Holzhausen, Franz; Lee, Bernard (March 19, 2013), United States Patent: D678154 - Vehicle door, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Priorities in Space Science Enabled by Nuclear Power And Propulsion. The National Academies Press. 2006. ISBN 9780309180108. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Rocket Man". R&D. September 4, 2007. Retrieved April 20, 2016. 
^ Chafkin, Max (December 1, 2007). "Entrepreneur of the Year, 2007: Elon Musk". inc.com. 
^ "Tesla Roadster". Index. 2007. Archived from the original on January 18, 2012. 
^ "Tesla Motors team". Tesla Motors. 
^ "SpaceX successfully launches Falcon 1 to orbit". Space Exploration Technologies Corp. 2008. 
^ "Connie Awards". National Wildlife Federation. 2008. Archived from the original on June 29, 2009. 
^ Michels, Jennifer (March 4, 2009). "Aviation Week Reveals Laureate Award Winners". Aviation Week. 
^ "Space Community Gathers at National Space Society's ISDC 2009" (Press release). National Space Society. June 17, 2009. 
^ "Automotive Executive of the Year". DNV Certification. 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Favreau, Jon (April 29, 2010). "The 2010 Time 100". Time. 
^ "Barron Hilton and Elon Musk honoured with the highest FAI awards". Fédération Aéronautique Internationale. December 16, 2010. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ "Living Legend of Aviation Awards". Kittie Hawk Air Academy. 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Caltech Elects Two Innovators to Board of Trustees". 
^ "Trustee List". The California Institute of Technology. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ "Space Foundation Survey Reveals Broad Range of Space Heroes". 
^ Smith, Jacquelyn (February 14, 2011). "America's 20 Most Powerful CEOs 40 And Under". Forbes. Retrieved February 18, 2011. To make this list, you had to be the chief executive of one of the 20 biggest publicly traded companies in the U.S. (as of Feb. 11, by market capitalization) with a CEO aged 40 or under. 
^ Dula, Art (June 16, 2011). "Heinlein Prize Honors Elon Musk of SpaceX". The Heinlein Prize. 
^ "2011 Churchill Club Awards". 
^ "2012 RAeS Gold Medal". 
^ Jonathan Welsh (November 21, 2013). "Tesla's Elon Musk is Fortune Businessperson of the Year". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "IEEE Honorary Membership Recipients" (PDF). IEEE. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ "Social Concepts, Inc: We connect people ™". socialconcepts.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk Named Most Influential Person In The Car Business Teslarati, Retrieved 11 May 2016.
^ "The top 10 business visionaries creating value for the world". Business Insider. Business Insider Inc. 
^ "Philanthropists & Social Entrepreneurs Top 200: From Elon Musk to Melinda Gates, These Are the Most Influential Do-Gooders in the World". Richtopia. Retrieved 29 March 2017. 
^ "200 most influential philanthropists in the world". Naij. Retrieved 31 March 2017. 
^ "Graduation show, Art Center College of Design". Cumulusassociation.org. November 23, 2010. Retrieved August 15, 2013. 
^ Surrey celebrates its honorary graduates, Surrey celebrates graduation 2015, Surrey Graduate, Surrey Alumni Society (Autumn/Winter 2009)[dead link]
^ SEAS Celebrates Class of 2015, Honors Innovators Elon Musk and Dean Kamen, 314th commencement (Spring 2015)
^ "Elon Musk SpaceX Tesla on the Simpsons – Business Insider". Business Insider. January 27, 2015. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ "Tesla CEO Elon Musk To Appear On Upcoming Episode Of The Big Bang Theory - CBS.com". CBS. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ "‘DC’s Legends of Tomorrow’ Power Rankings, Week 2: Burn, Baby, Burn – Observer". Observer. January 29, 2016. Retrieved February 7, 2016. 
^ Field, Kyle. "Tesla Stars In "Racing Extinction" Documentary". CleanTechnica. Retrieved 11 July 2016. 
^ Bova, Dan. "'Why Him?' Director on Elon Musk's Amazing 'I Can't Come to Work Today' Excuse". entrepreneur.com. Retrieved January 29, 2017. 


Further reading

Vance, Ashlee. Elon Musk: How the Billionaire CEO of SpaceX and Tesla is Shaping our Future. Virgin Books (2015). ISBN 9780753555620. Afterthoughts by Ashlee Vance

External links

Find more aboutElon Muskat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity
Data from Wikidata



Elon Musk on IMDb
SolarCity official website
SpaceX official website
Tesla official website
Paypal official website
Open AI official website

Articles

Gimien, Mark (August 17, 1999). "Fast Track". Salon. 
Statement of Elon Musk at House Space and Aeronautics Subcommittee Hearings on the Future Market for Commercial Space (2005)
History of PayPal, gawker.com (2007)
Bailey, Brandon (2010). "Elon Musk: Will his Silicon Valley story have a Hollywood ending?". San Jose Mercury News. 
"Science Fiction Books That Inspired Elon Musk", MediaBistro.com, March 19, 2013.
"Elon Musk’s Space Dream Almost Killed Tesla" (Bloomberg, 2015)

Interviews

Appearances on C-SPAN
"An interview with Elon Musk". HobbySpace. August 5, 2003. 
"Lift off with Elon Musk". Carte Blanche. September 4, 2005. Archived from the original on September 28, 2007. 
Bergin, Chris (January 20, 2006). "SpaceX's Musk and Thompson Q and A". nasaspaceflight.com. 
Video interview of Elon Musk by Zadi Diaz of EPIC FU, June 17, 2008. Retrieved April 27, 2014
Gray, Sadie (January 4, 2009). "Forget the bungalow, retire to Mars". Sunday Times. London, UK. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
Musk profile onInnovation.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014
An interview at the Founders Showcase, August 5, 2010
Elon Musk: 'I'm planning to retire to Mars', video interview for The Guardian, August 1, 2010
60 Minutes interview; March 18, 2012.
A 20 minute interview about sending humans to Mars with BBC's Jonathan Amos, March 20, 2012
Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity, ted.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014
Musk, Elon (January 6, 2015). "I am Elon Musk, CEO/CTO of a rocket company, AMA!". Reddit.com. Retrieved January 7, 2015. 
Elon Musk Powers Up: Inside Tesla's Billion Gigafactory Fast Company (magazine), November 2015
Elon Musk Profiled, Bloomberg Risk Takers (45min) - same video on YouTube
Elon Musk: The future we're building — and boring, ted.com. Retrieved May 7, 2017



Biography portal
Business and economics portal
Cars portal
Ecology portal
Space portal
United States portal








v
t
e


Elon Musk



Companies



Zip2 (1995–1999)
PayPal (1999–2002)
SpaceX (2002–present)
Tesla Motors (2004–present)
SolarCity (2006–present)
OpenAI (2015–present)
The Boring Company (2016–present)
Neuralink (2017–present)





Other endeavors



Hyperloop
Wet Nellie





Family



Maye Musk (mother)
Justine Musk (first wife)
Talulah Riley (second and third wife)
Kimbal Musk (brother)
Tosca Musk (sister)
Lyndon Rive (cousin, CEO of SolarCity)









 Category
 WikiQuote
 Commons













v
t
e


Tesla, Inc.



People



Elon Musk (CEO, Chief Product Architect)
JB Straubel (CTO)
Franz von Holzhausen (Chief Designer)
Martin Eberhard (co-founder, inaugural CEO)








Products




Sedans



Model S
Model 3





Crossovers/SUVs



Model X





Sports cars



Roadster (discontinued)





Others



Powerwall
Autopilot








Collaborations



Mercedes A-Class E-Cell
Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive
Smart electric drive
RAV4 EV Second generation





Facilities



Tesla Factory
Gigafactory 1
Gigafactory Europe
Superchargers and battery-swapping stations
SolarCity Gigafactory





Other



History

Timeline


Dealership disputes
SolarCity









 Category
 Commons













v
t
e


PayPal Mafia



Individuals



Peter Thiel
Reid Hoffman
Max Levchin
Ken Howery
Luke Nosek
Elon Musk
Steve Chen
Keith Rabois
Chad Hurley
Roelof Botha
Jawed Karim
Yishan Wong
Eric M. Jackson
David O. Sacks
Premal Shah
Russel Simmons
Jeremy Stoppelman





Companies founded
or co-founded



PayPal
LinkedIn
YouTube
Slide.com
Yelp
Geni.com
Yammer
SpaceX
Tesla, Inc.
Palantir Technologies
Kiva.org





Investments



Friendster
Facebook
Powerset
Vator
Six Apart
Zynga
IronPort
Flickr
Digg
Grockit
Ooma
Quantcast
RapLeaf
SmartDrive Systems
TransferWise
Ping.fm
Nanosolar
Knewton
Kongregate
Last.fm
TokBox
Xoom
Joost





Funds



Founders Fund
Clarium Capital
Greylock Partners
Sequoia Capital





Other



The PayPal Wars
Thank You for Smoking
The Stanford Review












v
t
e


SpaceX



Vehicles





Rockets






Current




Falcon 9

Full Thrust








In development




Falcon 9 Block 5
Falcon Heavy
ITS launch vehicle






Retired




Falcon 1
Falcon 9

v1.0
v1.1








Cancelled




Falcon 1e
Falcon 5
Falcon 9 Air









Test vehicles




Grasshopper (retired)
F9R Dev1† (destroyed)
DragonFly






Spacecraft




Dragon
Dragon 2
Interplanetary Spaceship
ITS tanker






Reusable hardware




Recovered boosters

B1019


Reused boosters

B1021
B1029


Reused capsules

C106













Engines



Merlin (1A, 1B, 1C, 1D, Vacuum)
Kestrel
Draco
SuperDraco
Raptor
Methalox thruster





Missions





Falcon 1




Demo 1† (FalconSAT-2)
Demo 2† (DemoSat)
Flight 3†

Trailblazer
PRESat
NanoSail-D
Explorers


Ratsat
RazakSAT






Falcon 9






Demonstration flights




Dragon Spacecraft Qualification Unit
NASA COTS Demo Flight 1
Dragon C2+






Dragon ISS logistics




CRS-1
CRS-2
CRS-3
CRS-4
CRS-5
CRS-6
CRS-7†
CRS-8
CRS-9
CRS-10
CRS-11
CRS-12
CRS-13
CRS-14
CRS-15
CRS-16
CRS-17
CRS-18
CRS-19
CRS-20
(missions contracted up to CRS-26)






Commercial satellites




SES-8
Thaicom 6
Orbcomm OG2 × 6
AsiaSat 8
AsiaSat 6
ABS-3A / Eutelsat 115 West B
TürkmenÄlem 52°E
Orbcomm OG2 × 11
SES-9
JCSAT-14
Thaicom 8
ABS-2A / Eutelsat 117 West B
JCSAT-16
Amos-6†
Iridium NEXT 1–10
EchoStar 23
SES-10
Inmarsat-5 F4
BulgariaSat-1
Iridium NEXT 11–20
Intelsat 35e
SES-11
Iridium NEXT 21–30
Koreasat 5A
Iridium NEXT 31–40
Paz
Bangabandhu-1
Iridium NEXT 41–50
SES-16 / GovSat-1
Hispasat 30W-6






Scientific satellites




CASSIOPE
DSCOVR
Jason-3
FormoSat-5
SAOCOM 1A






Military satellites




NROL-76
X-37B OTV-5









Falcon Heavy




Demo Flight
ArabSat 6A
USAF STP-2

DSX
FormoSat-7
LightSail 2
GPIM
DSAC
ISAT


Moon tourists
ViaSat 3
Red Dragon








Launch sites





Orbital




Cape Canaveral, Florida

CCAFS Launch Complex 40
Kennedy Launch Pad 39A


Vandenberg, California

Launch Complex 4E


Brownsville, Texas

Boca Chica


Kwajalein, Marshall Islands

Omelek Island†








Suborbital




McGregor test site
New Mexico test site†








Landing sites



Autonomous spaceport drone ships
Landing Zone 1, Cape Canaveral
Launch Complex 4W, Vandenberg





Other facilities



Headquarters and factory (Hawthorne, California)
Rocket development and test facility (McGregor, Texas)
Satellite development facility (Redmond, Washington)
Regional offices (Chantilly, Houston, Seattle, Washington DC)





Contracts



Commercial Orbital Transportation Services (COTS)
Commercial Resupply Services (CRS)
Commercial Crew Development (CCDev)
Commercial Crew integrated Capability (CCiCap)





R&D programs



SpaceX reusable launch system development program
Falcon 9 first-stage landing tests
Interplanetary Transport System
Red Dragon
SpaceX satellite constellation





People



Elon Musk (CEO, CTO)
Gwynne Shotwell (President & COO)
Tom Mueller (Vice President of Propulsion Development)






Italics indicate unflown vehicles and future missions or sites. † denotes failed missions, destroyed vehicles and abandoned sites.







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 306339060
LCCN: n2014017754
ISNI: 0000 0004 2658 2862
GND: 1062481119
NDL: 001156447










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Elon_Musk&oldid=792423717"					
Categories: Elon Musk1971 births20th-century American businesspeople20th-century American engineers21st-century American businesspeople21st-century American engineersAlumni of Pretoria Boys High SchoolAmerican aerospace businesspeopleAmerican aerospace designersAmerican aerospace engineersAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican chief executives in the automobile industryAmerican chief executives of energy companiesAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican chief executives of manufacturing companiesAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer programmersAmerican corporate directorsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican founders of automobile manufacturersAmerican inventorsAmerican investorsAmerican libertariansAmerican nonprofit executivesAmerican people of British descentAmerican people of Canadian descentAmerican philanthropistsAmerican software engineersAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersAmerican transhumanistsAmerican transportation businesspeopleAutomotive pioneersBasic income proponentsBusinesspeople from Los AngelesBusinesspeople in softwareCalifornia Institute of Technology trusteesChief technology officersEngineers from CaliforniaGiving PledgersLiving peopleHyperloopPayPal peoplePeople associated with solar powerPeople from PretoriaPeople with acquired Canadian citizenshipPioneers of rail transportRoyal Aeronautical Society Gold Medal winnersSouth African emigrants to the United StatesSouth African people of Canadian descentSouth African people of British descentSouth African people of German descentSpace advocatesSpaceX peopleStanford University peopleSustainable transport pioneersTesla Inc. peopleTranshumanistsWharton School of the University of Pennsylvania alumniWhite South African peoplePeople with acquired American citizenship21st-century inventors20th-century Canadian businesspeople21st-century Canadian businesspeopleSouth African business executivesCanadian aerospace engineersSouth African engineersCanadian billionairesSouth African billionairesCanadian chief executivesSouth African chief executivesCanadian computer businesspeopleCanadian computer programmersSouth African computer programmersCanadian corporate directorsSouth African corporate directorsCanadian inventorsSouth African inventorsCanadian financial company foundersSouth African company foundersCanadian investorsSouth African investorsCanadian libertariansCanadian nonprofit executivesCanadian people of British descentCanadian people of South African descentCanadian philanthropistsSouth African philanthropistsCanadian software engineersCanadian technology chief executivesCanadian technology company foundersCanadian transhumanistsCanadian people of German descentAmerican people of Pennsylvania Dutch descentHidden categories: CS1 French-language sources (fr)Accuracy disputes from May 2015All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2016Wikipedia semi-protected pagesUse American English from November 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from February 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with failed verificationArticles with failed verification from October 2015Wikipedia articles in need of updating from March 2016All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBoarischBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalegoગુજરાતી한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLumbaartMagyarमैथिलीMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीМонголNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayZazakiŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 12:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Elon Musk - Wikipedia




















 







Elon Musk

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 26 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Elon Musk



A headshot of Elon Musk in 2015.



Born
Elon Reeve Musk
(1971-06-28) June 28, 1971 (age 46)
Pretoria, Transvaal (now Gauteng), South Africa


Residence
Bel Air, Los Angeles, California, U.S.[1][2]


Citizenship



South African (1971–present)
Canadian (1989–present)
American (2002–present)





Alma mater
Queen's University
University of Pennsylvania[3][4]


Occupation
Entrepreneur, Engineer, Inventor, and Investor


Known for
SpaceX, PayPal, Tesla Inc., Hyperloop, SolarCity, OpenAI, The Boring Company, Neuralink, Zip2


Net worth
US$16.1 billion (July 2017)[5]


Title
CEO and CTO of SpaceX
CEO and product architect of Tesla, Inc.
CEO of Neuralink
Chairman of SolarCity
Co-chairman of OpenAI


Spouse(s)



Justine Musk (m. 2000; div. 2008)
Talulah Riley (m. 2010–div. 2012; m. 2013–div. 2016)[6][7]





Children
6


Parent(s)
Maye Musk (mother)
Errol Graham Musk (father)


Relatives
Tosca Musk (sister)
Kimbal Musk (brother)
Lyndon Rive (cousin)


Signature





Elon Reeve Musk (/ˈiːlɒn ˈmʌsk/; born June 28, 1971) is a South African-born Canadian-American business magnate, investor,[8][9] engineer,[10] and inventor.[15]
Elon is the founder, CEO, and CTO of SpaceX; a co-founder,[16] a Series A investor, CEO, and product architect of Tesla Inc.; co-chairman of OpenAI; founder and CEO of Neuralink. He was previously co-founder and chairman of SolarCity; co-founder of Zip2; and founder of X.com, which merged with Confinity and took the name PayPal.[21] As of July 2017, he has an estimated net worth of $16.1 billion, making him the 80th-wealthiest person in the world.[22] In December 2016, Musk was ranked 21st on the Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[23]
Musk has stated that the goals of SolarCity, Tesla, and SpaceX revolve around his vision to change the world and humanity.[24] His goals include reducing global warming through sustainable energy production and consumption, and reducing the "risk of human extinction" by "making life multiplanetary"[25][26] by establishing a human colony on Mars.
In addition to his primary business pursuits, he has also envisioned a high-speed transportation system known as the Hyperloop, and has proposed a VTOL supersonic jet aircraft with electric fan propulsion, known as the Musk electric jet.[27][28]
Elon also proposed the concept of The Boring Company in 2017.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 Early childhood
1.2 Education


2 Career

2.1 Zip2
2.2 X.com and PayPal
2.3 SpaceX
2.4 Tesla
2.5 SolarCity
2.6 Hyperloop
2.7 OpenAI
2.8 Neuralink
2.9 The Boring Company


3 Subsidies
4 Political positions

4.1 Lobbying


5 Opinions

5.1 Destiny and religion
5.2 Extraterrestrial life
5.3 Artificial intelligence


6 Personal life

6.1 Philanthropy
6.2 Family
6.3 Zolpidem usage


7 Patents
8 Awards and recognition

8.1 Honorary doctorates


9 In popular media
10 References
11 Further reading
12 External links

12.1 Articles
12.2 Interviews





Early life
Early childhood
Musk was born on June 28, 1971, in Pretoria, Transvaal, South Africa,[29] the son of Maye Musk (née Haldeman), a model and dietician from Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada;[30] and Errol Musk, a South African electromechanical engineer, pilot and sailor. He has a younger brother, Kimbal (born 1972), and a younger sister, Tosca (born 1974).[34] His paternal grandmother was British, and he also has Pennsylvania Dutch ancestry.[35][36] His maternal grandfather was American, from Minnesota.[37] After his parents divorced in 1980, Musk lived mostly with his father in the suburbs of Pretoria.[35]
During his childhood he was an avid reader.[38]
At age 10, he developed an interest in computing with the Commodore VIC-20.[39] He taught himself computer programming at the age of 12, sold the code for a BASIC-based video game he created called Blastar, to a magazine called PC and Office Technology, for approximately $500.[40][41] A web version of the game is available online.[40][42]
Musk was severely bullied throughout his childhood, and was once hospitalized when a group of boys threw him down a flight of stairs and then beat him until he lost consciousness.[38]
Musk was initially educated at private schools, attending the English-speaking Waterkloof House Preparatory School. Musk later graduated from Pretoria Boys High School and moved to Canada in June 1989, just before his 18th birthday,[43] after obtaining Canadian citizenship through his Canadian-born mother.[44][45]`
Education
At the age of 17, Musk was accepted into Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, for undergraduate study. In 1992, after spending two years at Queen's University, Musk transferred to the University of Pennsylvania, where in May 1997 he received a Bachelor of Science degree in physics from its College of Arts and Sciences, and a Bachelor of Science degree in economics from its Wharton School of Business. Musk extended his studies for one year to finish the second bachelor's degree.[38][46] While at the University of Pennsylvania, Musk and fellow Penn student Adeo Ressi rented a 10-bedroom fraternity house, using it as an unofficial nightclub.[38]
In 1995, at age 24, Musk moved to California to begin a PhD in applied physics and materials science at Stanford University, but left the program after two days to pursue his entrepreneurial aspirations in the areas of the Internet, renewable energy and outer space.[41][47] In 2002, he became a U.S. citizen.[48][49]
Career
Zip2
Main article: Zip2
In 1995, Musk and his brother, Kimbal, started Zip2, a web software company, with US$28,000 of their father's money.[38] The company developed and marketed an Internet "city guide" for the newspaper publishing industry.[50] Musk obtained contracts with The New York Times and the Chicago Tribune[51] and persuaded the board of directors to abandon plans for a merger with CitySearch.[52] While at Zip2, Musk wanted to become CEO; however, none of the board members would allow it.[38] Compaq acquired Zip2 for US$307 million in cash and US$34 million in stock options in February 1999.[53] Musk received US$22 million for his 7% share from the sale.[51]
X.com and PayPal
Main article: PayPal
In March 1999, Musk co-founded X.com, an online financial services and e-mail payment company, with US$10 million from the sale of Zip2.[43][50][52] One year later, the company merged with Confinity,[51][54] which had a money transfer service called PayPal. The merged company focused on the PayPal service and was renamed PayPal in 2001. PayPal's early growth was driven mainly by a viral marketing campaign where new customers were recruited when they received money through the service.[55] Musk was ousted in October 2000 from his role as CEO (although he remained on the board) due to disagreements with other company leadership, notably over his desire to move PayPal's Unix-based infrastructure to Microsoft Windows.[56] In October 2002, PayPal was acquired by eBay for US$1.5 billion in stock, of which Musk received US$165 million.[57] Before its sale, Musk, who was the company's largest shareholder, owned 11.7% of PayPal's shares.[58]
SpaceX
Main article: SpaceX
In 2001, Musk conceptualized "Mars Oasis"; a project to land a miniature experimental greenhouse on Mars, containing food crops growing on Martian regolith, in an attempt to regain public interest in space exploration.[59][60] In October 2001, Musk travelled to Moscow with Jim Cantrell (an aerospace supplies fixer), and Adeo Ressi (his best friend from college), to buy refurbished Dnepr Intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) that could send the envisioned payloads into space. The group met with companies such as NPO Lavochkin and Kosmotras; however, according to Cantrell, Musk was seen as a novice and was consequently spat on by one of the Russian chief designers,[61] and the group returned to the United States empty-handed. In February 2002, the group returned to Russia to look for three ICBMs, bringing along Mike Griffin, who had worked for the CIA's venture capital arm, In-Q-Tel; NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory; and was just leaving Orbital Sciences, a maker of satellites and spacecraft. The group met again with Kosmotras, and were offered one rocket for US$8 million, however, this was seen by Musk as too expensive; Musk consequently stormed out of the meeting. On the flight back from Moscow, Musk realized that he could start a company that could build the affordable rockets he needed.[61] According to early Tesla and SpaceX investor Steve Jurvetson,[62] Musk calculated that the raw materials for building a rocket actually were only 3 percent of the sales price of a rocket at the time. It was concluded that theoretically, by applying vertical integration and the modular approach from software engineering, SpaceX could cut launch price by a factor of ten and still enjoy a 70-percent gross margin.[63] Ultimately, Musk ended up founding SpaceX with the long-term goal of creating a "true spacefaring civilization".[64]




Musk and President Barack Obama at the Falcon 9 launch site in 2010


With US$100 million of his early fortune,[65] Musk founded Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, in May 2002.[66] Musk is chief executive officer (CEO) and chief technology officer (CTO) of the Hawthorne, California-based company. SpaceX develops and manufactures space launch vehicles with a focus on advancing the state of rocket technology. The company's first two launch vehicles are the Falcon 1 and Falcon 9 rockets (a nod to Star Wars' Millennium Falcon), and its first spacecraft is the Dragon (a nod to Puff the Magic Dragon).[67] In seven years, SpaceX designed the family of Falcon launch vehicles and the Dragon multipurpose spacecraft. In September 2008, SpaceX's Falcon 1 rocket became the first privately funded liquid-fueled vehicle to put a satellite into Earth orbit.[38] On May 25, 2012, the SpaceX Dragon vehicle berthed with the ISS, making history as the first commercial company to launch and berth a vehicle to the International Space Station.[68]
In 2006, SpaceX was awarded a contract from NASA to continue the development and test of the SpaceX Falcon 9 launch vehicle and Dragon spacecraft in order to transport cargo to the International Space Station,[69][not in citation given] followed by a US$1.6 billion NASA Commercial Resupply Services program contract on December 23, 2008, for 12 flights of its Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station, replacing the US Space Shuttle after it retired in 2011.[70] Astronaut transport to the ISS is currently handled solely by the Soyuz, but SpaceX is one of two companies awarded a contract by NASA as part of the Commercial Crew Development program, which is intended to develop a US astronaut transport capability by 2018.[71] On 22 December 2015, SpaceX successfully landed the first stage of its Falcon rocket back at the launch pad. This was the first time in history such a feat had been achieved by an orbital rocket and is a significant step towards rocket reusability lowering the costs of access to space.[72] This first stage recovery was replicated several times in 2016 by landing on an Autonomous spaceport drone ship, an ocean based recovery platform.[73]
SpaceX is both the largest private producer of rocket engines in the world, and holder of the record for highest thrust-to-weight ratio for a rocket engine.[74] SpaceX has produced more than 100 operational Merlin 1D engines, currently the world's most powerful engine for its weight.[75] The relatively immense power to weight ratio allows each Merlin 1D engine to vertically lift the weight of 40 average family cars. In combination, the 9 Merlin engines in the Falcon 9 first stage produces anywhere from 5.8 to 6.7 MN (1.3 to 1.5 million pounds) of thrust, depending on altitude.[76]
Musk was influenced by Isaac Asimov's Foundation series[77] and views space exploration as an important step in preserving and expanding the consciousness of human life.[78] Musk said that multiplanetary life may serve as a hedge against threats to the survival of the human species.

An asteroid or a super volcano could destroy us, and we face risks the dinosaurs never saw: an engineered virus, inadvertent creation of a micro black hole, catastrophic global warming or some as-yet-unknown technology could spell the end of us. Humankind evolved over millions of years, but in the last sixty years atomic weaponry created the potential to extinguish ourselves. Sooner or later, we must expand life beyond this green and blue ball—or go extinct.

Musk's goal is to reduce the cost of human spaceflight by a factor of 10.[79] In a 2011 interview, he said he hopes to send humans to Mars' surface within 10–20 years.[80] In Ashlee Vance's biography, Musk stated that he wants to establish a Mars colony by 2040, with a population of 80,000.[39] Musk stated that, since Mars' atmosphere lacks oxygen, all transportation would have to be electric (electric cars, electric trains, Hyperloop, electric aircraft).[81] Space X intends to launch a Dragon spacecraft on a Falcon Heavy in 2018 to soft-land on Mars - this is intended to be the first of a regular cargo mission supply-run to Mars building up to later crewed flights.[82] Musk stated in June 2016 that the first unmanned flight of the larger Mars Colonial Transporter (MCT) spacecraft is aimed for departure to the red planet in 2022, to be followed by the first manned MCT Mars flight departing in 2024.[83] In September 2016, Musk revealed details of his plan to explore and colonize Mars.[84] By 2016, Musk's private trust holds 54% of SpaceX stock, equivalent to 78% of voting shares.[85]
Tesla
Main article: Tesla, Inc.
Tesla, Inc. (originally Tesla Motors) was incorporated in July 2003 by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning, who financed the company until the Series A round of funding.[86]
Both men played active roles in the company's early development prior to Elon Musk's involvement.[87] Musk led the Series A round of investment in February 2004, joining Tesla's board of directors as its chairman.[88] Musk took an active role within the company and oversaw Roadster product design at a detailed level, but was not deeply involved in day-to-day business operations.[89]
Following the financial crisis in 2008,[90] Musk assumed leadership of the company as CEO and product architect, positions he still holds today. Tesla Motors first built an electric sports car, the Tesla Roadster in 2008, with sales of about 2,500 vehicles to 31 countries. Tesla began delivery of its four-door Model S sedan on June 22, 2012. It unveiled its third product, the Model X, aimed at the SUV/minivan market, on February 9, 2012; the Model X launch was however delayed until September 2015.[91][92][93] In addition to its own cars, Tesla sells electric powertrain systems to Daimler for the Smart EV, Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive and Mercedes A Class and to Toyota for the RAV4 EV. Musk was able to bring in both companies as long-term investors in Tesla.[94]







Musk observing an assembly demo at the reopening of the NUMMI plant, now known as the Tesla Factory (Fremont, California) in 2010









Musk standing in front of a Tesla Model S in 2011









Musk and Senator Dianne Feinstein next to a Tesla Model S (2010)




Musk has favored building a sub-US$30,000 compact Tesla model and building and selling electric vehicle powertrain components so that other automakers can produce electric vehicles at affordable prices without having to develop the products in-house; this led to the Model 3 that is planned to have a base price of US$35,000.[95] Several mainstream publications have compared him with Henry Ford for his work on advanced vehicle powertrains.[96]
In a May 2013 interview with All Things Digital, Musk said that to overcome the range limitations of electric cars, Tesla is "dramatically accelerating" its network of supercharger stations, tripling the number on the East and West coasts of the U.S. that June, with plans for more expansion across North America, including Canada, throughout the year.[97] As of January 29, 2016, Musk owns about 28.9 million Tesla shares, which equates to about 22% of the company.[98][99]
As of 2014, Musk's annual salary is one dollar, similar to Steve Jobs and other CEOs, the remainder of his compensation is in the form of stock and performance-based bonuses.[100][101]
In 2014, Musk announced that Tesla would allow its technology patents to be used by anyone in good faith in a bid to entice automobile manufacturers to speed up development of electric cars. "The unfortunate reality is electric car programs (or programs for any vehicle that doesn't burn hydrocarbons) at the major manufacturers are small to non-existent, constituting an average of far less than 1% of their total vehicle sales", Musk said.[102]
In February 2016, Musk announced that he had acquired the Tesla.com domain name from Stu Grossman, who had owned it since 1992 and changed Tesla's homepage to that domain.[103]
SolarCity
Main article: SolarCity
Musk provided the initial concept and financial capital for SolarCity, which was then co-founded in 2006 by his cousins Lyndon and Peter Rive.[104][105] SolarCity is now the second largest provider of solar power systems in the United States.[106]
The underlying motivation for funding both SolarCity and Tesla is to help combat global warming.[107] In 2012, Musk announced that SolarCity and Tesla are collaborating to use electric vehicle batteries to smooth the impact of rooftop solar on the power grid, with the program going live in 2013.[108]
On June 17, 2014, Musk committed to building in Buffalo, New York, a SolarCity advanced production facility that would triple the size of the largest solar plant in the United States. Musk stated the plant will be "one of the single largest solar panel production plants in the world", and it will be followed by one or more even bigger facilities in subsequent years.[109][needs update]
In June 2016, Musk's car company, Tesla, formally submitted an offer to acquire SolarCity.[110]
Hyperloop
Main articles: Hyperloop and Hyperloop pod competition
On August 12, 2013, Musk unveiled a concept for a high-speed transportation system incorporating reduced-pressure tubes in which pressurized capsules ride on an air cushion driven by linear induction motors and air compressors.[111] The mechanism for releasing the concept was an alpha-design document that, in addition to scoping out the technology, outlined a notional route where such a transport system might be built: between the Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area.[112]
After earlier envisioning Hyperloop, Musk assigned a dozen engineers from Tesla and SpaceX who worked for nine months, establishing the conceptual foundations and creating the designs for the transportation system.[113][114] An early design for the system was then published in a whitepaper posted to the Tesla and SpaceX blogs.[115][116][117] Musk's proposal, if technologically feasible at the costs he has cited, would make Hyperloop travel cheaper than any other mode of transport for such long distances. The alpha design was proposed to use a partial vacuum to reduce aerodynamic drag, which it is theorized would allow for high-speed travel with relatively low power, with certain other features like air-bearing skis and an inlet compressor to reduce air drag. The alpha design document estimated the total cost of an LA-to-SF Hyperloop system at US$6 billion, but this amount is speculative.[118]
In June 2015, Musk announced a design competition for students and others to build Hyperloop pods to operate on a SpaceX-sponsored mile-long track in a 2015–2017 Hyperloop pod competition. The track was used in January 2017, and Musk also started building a tunnel.[119]
Hyperloop One, a company unaffiliated with Musk, had announced that it had done its first successful test run on its DevLoop track in Nevada on July 13, 2017. It was on May 12, 2017 at 12:02 A.M and had lasted 5.3 seconds, reaching a top speed of 70 mph.[120]
On July 25, 2017, Elon Musk announced that he had gotten approval from the Department of Transportation to build a hyperloop from New York City to Washington D.C stopping in both Philadelphia and Baltimore.[121]
OpenAI
Main article: OpenAI
In December 2015, Elon Musk announced the creation of OpenAI, a not-for-profit artificial intelligence (AI) research company. OpenAI aims to develop artificial general intelligence in a way that is safe and beneficial to humanity.[122]
By making AI available to everyone, OpenAI wants to "counteract large corporations who may gain too much power by owning super-intelligence systems devoted to profits, as well as governments which may use AI to gain power and even oppress their citizenry".[123]
Neuralink
Main article: Neuralink
In 2016, Musk co-founded Neuralink, a neurotechnology startup company, to integrate the human brain with artificial intelligence. The company, which is still in the earliest stages of existence, is centered on creating devices that can be implanted in the human brain, with the eventual purpose of helping human beings merge with software and keep pace with advancements in artificial intelligence. These enhancements could improve memory or allow for more direct interfacing with computing devices.[124]
The Boring Company
Main article: The Boring Company
On December 17, 2016, while stuck in traffic, Musk tweeted "Am going to build a tunnel boring machine and just start digging..." The company was named 'The Boring Company'.[125] On January 21, 2017, Musk tweeted "Exciting progress on the tunnel front. Plan to start digging in a month or so."[126] The first tunnel will start on the SpaceX campus,[127] and will probably go to a nearby parking garage. As of January 26, 2017, discussions with regulatory bodies have begun,[128] but no requests for permits to dig in the Los Angeles area have yet been filed with the California Department of Transportation.[129]
In February 2017, the company began digging a 30-foot-wide, 50-foot-long, and 15-foot-deep "test trench" on the premises of Space X's offices in Los Angeles, since the construction requires no permits.[130][131]
Subsidies
Musk has stated that he does not believe the U.S. government should provide subsidies to companies but should instead use a carbon tax to price in the negative externality of air pollution and discourage "bad behavior." Musk argues that the free market would achieve the "best solution," and that producing environmentally unfriendly vehicles should come with its own consequences.[132]
Musk's statements have been widely criticized, with Stanford University Professor Fred Turner noting that "if you're an entrepreneur like Elon Musk, you will take the money where you can get it, but at the same time believe as a matter of faith that it's entrepreneurship and technology that are the sources of social change, not the state. It is not quite self-delusion, but there is a habit of thinking of oneself as a free-standing, independent agent, and of not acknowledging the subsidies that one received. And this goes on all the time in Silicon Valley."[133] Author Michael Shellenberger argued that "in the case of Musk, it is hard not to read that as a kind of defensiveness. And I think there is a business reason for it. They are dealing with a lot of investors for whom subsidies are not the basis for a long-term viable business, and they often want to exaggerate the speed with which they are going to be able to become independent." Shellenberger continues, "we would all be better off if these entrepreneurs were a bit more grateful, a bit more humble." While journalist and author Jim Motavalli, who interviewed Musk for High Voltage, his 2011 book about the electric vehicle industry, speculated that "Elon is now looking at it from the point of view of a winner, and he doesn't want to see other people win because they get government money – I do think there is a tendency of people, once they have succeeded, to want to pull the ladder up after them."[134]
In 2015, Musk's statements were subject to further scrutiny when an LA Times article claimed that SpaceX, Tesla, SolarCity and buyers of their products had or were projected to receive together an estimated US$4.9 billion in government subsidies over twenty years. One example given is New York state, which is spending $750 million to build a solar panel factory in Buffalo which will be leased to SolarCity for $1 a year. The deal also includes no property taxes for a decade, an estimated $260 million valuation. Musk employs a former U.S. State Department official as the chief negotiator for Tesla.[135]
Political positions




Musk speaking alongside Irish Taoiseach (Prime Minister) Enda Kenny


Politically, Musk has described himself as "half Democrat, half Republican." In his own words: "I'm somewhere in the middle, socially liberal and fiscally conservative."[136] In 2016, Musk became a member of two of then President-elect Donald Trump's presidential advisory committees (the Strategic and Policy Forum[137][138][139][140] and Manufacturing Jobs Initiative)[141] but resigned from both in 2017, in protest at Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement on climate change.[142][143]
Musk has described himself as "nauseatingly pro-American." According to Musk, the United States is "[inarguably] the greatest country that has ever existed on Earth," describing it as "the greatest force for good of any country that's ever been." Musk believes outright that there "would not be democracy in the world if not for the United States," arguing there were "three separate occasions in the 20th-century where democracy would have fallen with World War I, World War II and the Cold War, if not for the United States." Musk also stated that he thinks "it would be a mistake to say the United States is perfect, it certainly is not. There have been many foolish things the United States has done and bad things the United States has done."[144]
Prompted by the emergence of self-driving cars and Artificial Intelligence, Musk has voiced support for a Universal Basic Income.[145]
Prior to the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Musk criticized candidate Trump by saying: "I feel a bit stronger that he is probably not the right guy. He doesn't seem to have the sort of character that reflects well on the United States."[146] Following Donald Trump's inauguration, Musk expressed approval of Trump's choice of Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State and accepted an invitation to appear on a panel advising President Trump. Regarding his cooperation with Trump, Musk has subsequently commented: "The more voices of reason that the President hears, the better."[147]
Lobbying
In an interview with the Washington Post, Musk stated he was a "significant (though not top-tier) donor to Democrats, but that he also gives heavily to Republicans." Musk further stated, "in order to have your voice be heard in Washington, you have to make some little contribution."[148][149]
A recent report from the Sunlight Foundation (a nonpartisan group that tracks government spending), found that "SpaceX has spent over US$4 million on lobbying Congress since it was established in 2002 and doled out more than US$800,000 in political contributions" to Democrats and Republicans. The same report noted that "SpaceX's campaign to win political support has been systematic and sophisticated", and that "unlike most tech-startups, SpaceX has maintained a significant lobbying presence in Washington almost since day 1". The report further noted that "Musk himself has donated roughly US$725,000 to various campaigns since 2002. In 2004, he contributed US$2,000 to President George W. Bush's reelection campaign, maxing out (over US$100,000)[150] to Obama's reelection campaign and donated US$5,000 to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who represents Florida, a state critical to the space industry. (...) All told, Musk and SpaceX gave out roughly US$250,000 in the 2012 election cycle."[148][151] Additionally, SpaceX hired former Republican Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott to represent the company, via the Washington-based lobbying group Patton Boggs LLP. Alongside Patton Boggs LLP, SpaceX uses several other outside lobbying firms, who work alongside SpaceX's own lobbyists.[152]
Musk had been a supporter of the U.S. political action committee (PAC) FWD.us, which was started by fellow high-profile entrepreneur Mark Zuckerberg and advocates for immigration reform. However, in May 2013, Musk publicly withdrew his support in protest of advertisements the PAC was running that supported causes like the Keystone Pipeline. Musk and other members, including David O. Sacks, pulled out, criticizing the strategy as "cynical".[153] Musk further stated, "we shouldn't give in to the politics. If we give in to that, we'll get the political system we deserve."[154]
In December 2013, Sean Becker of the media/political website Mic called Musk a "complete hypocrite", stating that "[for] the 2014 election cycle, Musk has contributed to the Longhorn PAC and the National Republican Congressional Committee — both of which have funded the campaigns of anti-science, anti-environment candidates such as Rep. Michelle Bachman (R-Minn.)."[154] Musk has directly contributed to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who has been accused of holding similar positions regarding climate change.[151]
Opinions
Destiny and religion
When asked whether he believed "there was some kind of destiny involved" in humanity's transition to a multi-planetary species, rather than "just physics", Musk responded:

Well, I do. Do I think that there's some sort of master intelligence architecting all of this stuff? I think probably not because then you have to say: "Where does the master intelligence come from?" So it sort of begs the question. So I think really you can explain this with the fundamental laws of physics. You know its complex phenomenon from simple elements.[155]

Musk has stated that he does not pray, or worship any being, although previously admitted to praying before an important Falcon 1 launch, asking "any entities that [were] listening" to "bless [the] launch". When asked whether he believed "religion and science could co-exist", Musk replied "probably not".[156]
Extraterrestrial life
Although Musk believes "there is a good chance that there is simple life on other planets", he "questions whether there is other intelligent life in the known universe".[156] Musk later clarified his "hope that there is other intelligent life in the known universe", and stated that it is "probably more likely than not, but that's a complete guess."[157]
Musk has also considered the simulation hypothesis as a potential solution to the Fermi paradox:

The absence of any noticeable life may be an argument in favour of us being in a simulation.... Like when you're playing an adventure game, and you can see the stars in the background, but you can't ever get there. If it's not a simulation, then maybe we're in a lab and there's some advanced alien civilization that's just watching how we develop, out of curiosity, like mould in a petri dish.... If you look at our current technology level, something strange has to happen to civilizations, and I mean strange in a bad way. ... And it could be that there are a whole lot of dead, one-planet civilizations.[158]

Artificial intelligence
Musk has frequently spoken out about the potential dangers of artificial intelligence, declaring it "the most serious threat to the survival of the human race". During an interview at the MIT AeroAstro Centennial Symposium, Musk described AI as "[humanity's] biggest existential threat", further stating, "I'm increasingly inclined to think that there should be some regulatory oversight, maybe at the national and international level, just to make sure that we don't do something very foolish." Musk described the creation of artificial intelligence as "summoning the demon".[159][160]
Despite this, Musk has previously invested in DeepMind, an AI firm, and Vicarious, a company working to improve machine intelligence. In January 2015, he donated $10 million to the Future of Life Institute, an organization focused on challenges posed by advanced technologies.[161] He is the co-chairman of OpenAI, a nonprofit artificial intelligence research company.[162]
Musk has said that his investments are, "not from the standpoint of actually trying to make any investment return... I like to just keep an eye on what's going on with artificial intelligence". Musk continued, "There have been movies about this, you know, like Terminator – there are some scary outcomes. And we should try to make sure the outcomes are good, not bad."[163]
In June 2016, he was asked whether he thinks humans live in a computer simulation, to which he answered "probably". Elaborated as follows:

The strongest argument for us probably being in a simulation I think is the following: 40 years ago we had Pong – two rectangles and a dot. That's where we were. Now 40 years later we have photorealistic, 3D simulations with millions of people playing simultaneously and it's getting better every year. And soon we'll have virtual reality, we'll have augmented reality. If you assume any rate of improvement at all, then the games will become indistinguishable from reality, just indistinguishable.[164]

Personal life
Musk owned a McLaren F1 supercar, which he crashed while it was uninsured.[165] He also previously owned an Aero L-39, a Czech-made jet trainer aircraft .[166]
The 1994 model Dassault Falcon 900 aircraft used in the 2005 film Thank You for Smoking is registered to Musk (N900SX),[167] and Musk had a cameo as the pilot of his plane, opening the door for Robert Duvall and escorting Aaron Eckhart aboard. Musk owns Wet Nellie, the Lotus Esprit from the James Bond film The Spy Who Loved Me. He plans to convert it into the functional car-submarine from the film.[168]
Musk attended the Burning Man festival in 2004 and has said he first thought up the idea for SolarCity at the festival.[108]
Tosca Musk, Elon's sister, is a filmmaker. She is the founder of Musk Entertainment and has produced various movies.[169]
Musk stated that he wants to die on Mars, just not on impact.[170]
Philanthropy
Musk is chairman of the Musk Foundation, which focuses its philanthropic efforts on providing solar-power energy systems in disaster areas. In 2010, the Musk Foundation collaborated with SolarCity to donate a 25-kW solar power system to the South Bay Community Alliance's (SBCA) hurricane response center in Coden, Alabama.[171] In July 2011, the Musk Foundation donated US$250,000 towards a solar power project in Sōma, Japan, a city that had been recently devastated by tsunami.[172]
In July 2014, Musk was asked by cartoonist Matthew Inman and William Terbo, the grandnephew of Nikola Tesla, to donate US$8 million toward the construction of the Tesla Science Center at Wardenclyffe.[173] Ultimately, Musk agreed to donate US$1 million toward the project and additionally pledged to build a Tesla Supercharger in the museum car park.[174]
Musk donated US$10 million to the Future of Life Institute in January 2015, to run a global research program aimed at keeping artificial intelligence beneficial to humanity.[175][161][176]
As of 2015, Musk is a trustee of the X Prize Foundation[177] and a signatory of The Giving Pledge.[178]
Family
Musk met his first wife, Canadian author Justine Wilson, while both were students at Ontario's Queen's University. They married in 2000 and separated in 2008.[179]
Their first son, Nevada Alexander Musk, died of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) at the age of ten weeks.[180] They later had five sons through in vitro fertilization – twins in 2004, followed by triplets in 2006 – all of whom they share custody.[181]
In 2008, Musk began dating English actress Talulah Riley, and in 2010, the couple married. In January 2012, Musk announced that he had ended his four-year relationship with Riley,[33][182] tweeting to Riley, "It was an amazing four years. I will love you forever. You will make someone very happy one day."[183] In July 2013, Musk and Riley remarried. In December 2014, Musk filed for a second divorce from Riley, however, the action was withdrawn.[7] It was announced in March 2016 that divorce proceedings were again under way, this time with Riley filing for divorce from Musk.[184] The divorce was finalized in late 2016.[185]
Zolpidem usage
In an apparent self-admission of mixing Zolpidem and alcohol, Musk tweeted in June 2017 "A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!".[186] Health authorities advise to not take Zolpidem together with alcohol, which can be a highly addictive combination and increase the risk of experiencing dangerous side-effects.[187] Musk gained media attention for advocating a dangerous drug combination publicly on his social media.[188][189]
Patents


Title
Application number
Grant number
Application date
Grant date
Original assignee


Funnel shaped charge inlet[190]
13/549185
8579635
2012-07-13
2013-11-12
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle charge inlet[191]
29/427056
D724031
2012-07-13
2015-03-10
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle[192]
29/412833
D683268
2012-02-08
2013-05-28
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle door[193]
29/412841
D678154
2012-02-08
2013-03-19
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Awards and recognition

In 2006, Musk served as a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences Aeronautics and Space Engineering Board.[194]
R&D Magazine Innovator of the Year for 2007 for SpaceX, Tesla, and SolarCity.[195]
Inc Magazine Entrepreneur of the Year award for 2007 for his work on Tesla and SpaceX.[196]
2007 Index Design award for his design of the Tesla Roadster.[197] Global Green 2006 product design award for his design of the Tesla Roadster, presented by Mikhail Gorbachev.[198]
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics George Low award for the most outstanding contribution in the field of space transportation in 2007/2008. Musk was recognized for his design of the Falcon 1, the first privately developed liquid-fuel rocket to reach orbit.[199]
National Wildlife Federation 2008 National Conservation Achievement award for Tesla and SolarCity. Other 2008 recipients include journalist Thomas Friedman, U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT), and Florida Governor Charlie Crist.[200]
The Aviation Week 2008 Laureate for the most significant achievement worldwide in the space industry.[201]
National Space Society's Von Braun Trophy in 2008/2009, given for leadership of the most significant achievement in space. Prior recipients include Burt Rutan and Steve Squyres.[202]
Automotive Executive of the Year (worldwide) in 2010 for demonstrating technology leadership and innovation via Tesla. Prior awardees include Bill Ford Jr, Bob Lutz, Dieter Zetsche and Lee Iacocca. Musk is the youngest ever recipient of this award.[203]
Listed as one of Time's 100 people who most affected the world in 2010.[204]
The world governing body for aerospace records, Fédération Aéronautique Internationale, presented Musk in 2010 with the highest award in air and space, the FAI Gold Space Medal, for designing the first privately developed rocket to reach orbit. Prior recipients include Neil Armstrong, Burt Rutan of Scaled Composites and John Glenn.[205]
Named as one of the 75 most influential people of the 21st century by Esquire magazine.[78]
Recognized as a Living Legend of Aviation in 2010 by the Kitty Hawk Foundation for creating the successor to the Space Shuttle (Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft). Other recipients include Buzz Aldrin and Richard Branson.[206]
In 2010, Musk was elected to the board of trustees of the California Institute of Technology,[207] however no longer holds the position.[208]
In a 2010 Space Foundation survey, he was ranked as the No. 10 (tied with rocketry pioneer and scientist Wernher von Braun) most popular space hero.[209]
In February 2011, Forbes listed Musk as one of "America's 20 Most Powerful CEOs 40 And Under".[210]
In June 2011, Musk was awarded the US$250,000 Heinlein Prize for Advances in Space Commercialization[211]
In 2011, Musk was honored as a Legendary Leader at the Churchill Club Awards.[212]
In 2012, Musk was awarded the Royal Aeronautical Society's highest award: a Gold Medal.[213]
Musk was the 2012 recipient of Smithsonian magazine's American Ingenuity Award in the Technology category.
In 2013, Musk was named the Fortune Businessperson of the year for SpaceX, SolarCity, and Tesla.[214]
In 2015, he was awarded IEEE Honorary Membership.[215]
As of 2015, Musk serves on the board of advisors of Social Concepts, Inc.[216]
In 2016, The Drive, a division of Time, named Musk the most influential person in the car business and as the second most influential person in the automotive tech sector.[217]
In June 2016, Business Insider named Musk one of the "Top 10 Business Visionaries Creating Value for the World" along with Mark Zuckerberg and Sal Khan.[218]
In December 2016, Musk was ranked 21st on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[23]
In March 2017, Musk was listed by UK-based company Richtopia at number 3 in the list of 200 Most Influential Philanthropists and Social Entrepreneurs.[219][220]

Honorary doctorates

Honorary doctorate in Design from the Art Center College of Design[221]
Honorary doctorate (DUniv) in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Surrey[222]
Honorary doctorate of Engineering and Technology from Yale University[223]

In popular media
In the 2005 film Thank You for Smoking, Musk had a cameo as the pilot of his own plane, opening the door for the Captain (Robert Duvall) and escorting Nick Naylor (Aaron Eckhart) aboard. In Iron Man 2 (2010), he met Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) in a restaurant, and had some brief lines regarding an "idea for an electric jet". In 2014, he was satirized in the South Park episode "Handicar". He later made a guest appearance in three more episodes of South Park in 2016, this time voicing himself in the episodes "Members Only", "Not Funny", and "The End of Serialization as We Know It." In January 2015, he made a guest appearance playing himself on The Simpsons in an episode titled "The Musk Who Fell to Earth"; the episode poked fun at many of the inventor's ideas.[224]
In November 2015, Musk appeared in an episode of The Big Bang Theory, playing himself, volunteering at a soup kitchen with Howard.[225] In 2016 Musk was referenced by Dr. Martin Stein on The CW time-travel TV show DC's Legends of Tomorrow. During a time travel to the past, Stein meets his younger self and introduced himself as Elon Musk, to disguise his own identity.[226] Following the same TV universe on The CW, in the DC Superhero series The Flash, one of the characters[who?] quoted that he wished he'd be like Elon Musk on alternate universes.[citation needed]
Musk was also featured in the 2015 environmental documentary Racing Extinction, in which a custom Tesla Model S was designed to help project images of critically endangered species onto public buildings, including the Empire State Building and the Vatican.[227]
In 2016 Musk appeared as himself in the romantic comedy film Why Him? where he was briefly met by one of the main characters, Ned Flemming played by Bryan Cranston, in a bar at a party.[228]
References


^ "Billionaire Tesla CEO Elon Musk Buys Neighbor's Home in Bel Air For Million". Forbes. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ "Inside Elon Musk's M Bel Air Mansion". Bloomberg News. Retrieved August 21, 2013. 
^ Hull, Dana (April 11, 2014). "Timeline: Elon Musk's accomplishments". Retrieved June 11, 2015 – via Mercury News. 
^ Zanerhaft, Jaron (2013). "Elon Musk: Patriarchs and Prodigies". CSQ. C-Suite Quarterly. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ "The World's Billionaires List". Forbes. Retrieved July 25, 2017. 
^ "Actor Talulah Riley files to divorce billionaire Elon Musk, again". The Guardian. March 21, 2016. Retrieved April 20, 2016. The pair first married in 2010 and divorced in 2012. They remarried 18 months later. 
^ a b "Elon Musk withdraws Talulah Riley divorce papers after being spotted at Allen & Company conference". Mail Online. August 5, 2015. 
^ Curtis, Sophie (November 10, 2014). "Elon Musk 'to launch fleet of internet satellites'". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved June 23, 2015. Elon Musk, inventor and business magnate 
^ Vance, Ashlee (September 13, 2012). "Elon Musk, the 21st Century Industrialist". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved June 23, 2015. 
^ "Early Career Engineers, Conferences and Careers". asme.org. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Bellis, Mary. "Biography of Elon Musk". inventors.about.com. About.com. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ "The Top 10 Venture Capitalists on 2014's Midas List". Forbes. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Albergotti, Reed (March 21, 2014). "Zuckerberg, Musk Invest in Artificial Intelligence Company". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Love, Dylan (March 21, 2014). "Elon Musk And Mark Zuckerberg Have Invested Million in a Mysterious Artificial Intelligence Company". Business Insider. Business Insider. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ [11][12][13][14]
^ Shanklin, Emily (27 March 2017). "Elon Musk". SpaceX. Retrieved 17 June 2017. 
^ Martin LaMonica (September 21, 2009). "Tesla Motors founders: Now there are five". CNET. 
^ "A Brief history of Tesla". Tech Crunch. January 4, 2013. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Tesla was founded not by Elon Musk, but rather by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning in July 2003. The two bootstrapped the fledgling auto company until Elon Musk led the company's  million Series A financing round in February 2004, when Musk became the company's Chairman of the Board. 
^ Hardy, Quentin; Bilton, Nick (March 16, 2014). "Start-Ups Aim to Conquer Space Market". The New York Times. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Space Exploration Technologies, or Space X, started by the Tesla founder Elon Musk 
^ "Trust Your Own Focus Group of One". Entrepreneur.com. April 11, 2014. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Elon Musk, founder of PayPal, Tesla and SpaceX 
^ [17][18][19][20]
^ "Elon Musk". Forbes.com. Retrieved 21 March 2017. 
^ a b "The World's Most Powerful People". Forbes. December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Youtube Video - Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity". 
^ Why Invest In Making Life Multi-Planetary? Elon Musk. December 13, 2011. Retrieved February 21, 2016 – via YouTube. 
^ Ross Andersen (September 30, 2014). "Elon Musk puts his case for a multi-planet civilisation". Aeon. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ Jonathan Charlton. "Elon Musk 'Toying' with Designs for Electric Jet". Aviation.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk on dodging a nervous breakdown (2013). YouTube. March 16, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk (South African entrepreneur)". Britannica Online Encyclopedia. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ a b His Biography author Ashlee Vance interviewed on the TV show Triangulation on the TWiT.tv network, discussion of his family starts around the 15th minute
^ Friend, Tad (2009). "Plugged In". The New Yorker. 85 (23–30): 53. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ Masia, Seth (May 2011). "A Family Leads to the Installer Universe". Solar Today. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ a b Elliott, Hannah (March 3, 2012). "At Home With Elon Musk: The (Soon-to-Be) Bachelor Billionaire". Forbes. Retrieved August 12, 2013. 
^ [30][31][32][33]
^ a b Hall, Dana (April 11, 2014). "Rocket Man: The otherworldly ambitions of Elon Musk". San Jose Mercury News. Retrieved April 14, 2014. 
^ Hannah Elliott. "At Home With Elon Musk: The (Soon-to-Be) Bachelor Billionaire". Forbes. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ "Tweet". February 5, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g Vance, Ashlee (2015). Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future. ISBN 978-0062301239. 
^ a b Pierre Haski (May 28, 2015). "Elon Musk (Tesla, SpaceX): génie ou prédateur de la Silicon Valley?" (in French). rue89.nouvelobs.com. 
^ a b "Play the PC game Elon Musk wrote as a pre-teen". 
^ a b Belfiore, Michael (2007). "Chapter 7: Orbit on a Shoestring". Rocketeers. Harper Collins. pp. 166–95. ISBN 978-0-06-114902-3. 
^ "Blastar for HTML5". blastar-1984.appspot.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ a b "37 Interesting Facts about Elon Musk, One of the Most Innovative Entrepreneurs of Our Time". BoomsBeat.com. February 14, 2014. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Davis, Johnny (August 4, 2007). "One more giant leap". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ Diggelen, Alison van (February 7, 2013). "Iron Man, Growing up in South Africa". Fresh Dialogues. Retrieved November 1, 2013. I actually filled out the forms for her and got her a Canadian passport, and me too. Within three weeks of getting my Canadian passport, I was in Canada. 
^ Robin Keats (2013). "Rocket man". Queen's University. Archived from the original on May 4, 2015. 
^ Inspirations with Elon Musk. OnInnovation. Retrieved June 24, 2010. 
^ Junod, Tom (November 15, 2012). "Triumph of His Will". Esquire. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ Clark, Steve (September 27, 2014). "SpaceX chief: Commercial launch sites necessary step to Mars". Brownsville Herald. Retrieved September 30, 2014. 
^ a b Friedman, Josh (April 22, 2003), "Entrepreneur Tries His Midas Touch in Space", Los Angeles Times 
^ a b c "Elon Musk Biography". Advameg. August 23, 2005. 
^ a b Kidder, David; Hoffman, Reid (2013). The Startup Playbook: Secrets of the Fastest Growing Start-Ups from the founding Entrepreneurs. San Francisco, CA: Chronicle Books. pp. 2224–228. ISBN 978-1452105048. 
^ Junnarkar, Sandeep (February 16, 1999). "Compaq buys Zip2". CNET. 
^ Jackson, Erik (2004). The PayPal Wars. Los Angeles, CA: World Ahead Publishing. pp. 40, 69, 130, 163. 
^ Musk, Elon (October 8, 2003). Success Through Viral Marketing: PayPal. Entrepreneurial Thought Leaders Lecture. 
^ "The PayPal Mafia". Fortune. Retrieved July 4, 2015. 
^ "SEC 10-K" (PDF). eBay. December 31, 2002. 
^ "SEC 10-K". Paypal. December 31, 2001. 
^ McKnight, John Carter (September 25, 2001). "Elon Musk, Life to Mars Foundation". Mars Now, a weekly column. Space Frontier Foundation. 
^ Musk, Elon. "Risky Business". IEEE Spectrum. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
^ a b Vance, Ashlee (May 14, 2015). "Elon Musk's space dream almost killed Tesla". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved June 7, 2015. 
^ "How Steve Jurvetson Saved Elon Musk". Business Insider. September 14, 2012. 
^ SpaceX and Daring to Think Big – Steve Jurvetson. YouTube. January 28, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk (September 8, 2006). "SpaceX wins NASA competition to replace Space Shuttle". SpaceX. 
^ Wayne, Leslie (February 5, 2006). "A Bold Plan to Go Where Men Have Gone Before". The New York Times. Retrieved February 16, 2015. 
^ California Business Search (C2414622 - Space Exploration Technologies Corp) 
^ SpaceX 
^ Harwood, William (May 31, 2012). "SpaceX Dragon returns to Earth, ends historic trip". CBS News. Retrieved August 3, 2013. 
^ COTS 2006 Demo Competition. NASA (accessed August 26, 2014); and announcement "Commercial Orbital Transportation Services Demonstrations". January 18, 2006 (accessed August 26, 2014)
^ "NASA Awards Space Station Commercial Resupply Services Contracts". nasa.gov. NASA. 23 December 2008. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "Boeing And SpaceX Win Billion In NASA Contracts". NPR.org. National Public Radio. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "SpaceX rocket in historic upright landing". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ O'Kane, Sean (2016-05-27). "SpaceX successfully lands a Falcon 9 rocket at sea for the third time". The Verge. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "Is SpaceX Changing the Rocket Equation?". airspacemag.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Clark, Stephen. "100th Merlin 1D engine flies on Falcon 9 rocket – Spaceflight Now". Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "SpaceX completes 100th Merlin 1D Engine". SpaceX. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Carroll, Roy (July 17, 2013). "Elon Musk's mission to Mars". The Guardian. London, UK. Retrieved July 23, 2013. 
^ a b "75 most influential people: Elon Musk". Esquire. October 1, 2008. 
^ "Space Exploration Technologies Corporation Press Release". SpaceX. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ "Elon Musk: I'll Put a Man on Mars in 10 Years". Market Watch. New York. April 22, 2011. Archived from the original on December 1, 2011. Retrieved December 1, 2011. 
^ Elon Musk speaks at the Hyperloop Pod Award Ceremony (2016.1.30). January 31, 2016. Retrieved February 21, 2016 – via YouTube. 
^ "SpaceX Will Launch Private Mars Missions as Soon as 2018". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ Davenport, Christian (2016-06-13). "Elon Musk provides new details on his ‘mind blowing’ mission to Mars". Washington Post. Retrieved 2016-06-14. 
^ Chang, Kenneth (27 September 2016). "Elon Musk’s Plan: Get Humans to Mars, and Beyond". New York Times. Retrieved 27 September 2016. 
^ Lambert, Fred (November 16, 2016). "Elon Musk’s stake in SpaceX is actually worth more than his Tesla shares". Electrek. Retrieved November 17, 2016. 
^ Burns, Matt (October 8, 2014). "A Brief History of Tesla". TechCrunch. TechCrunch.com. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Nordqvist, Joseph (February 12, 2014). "Tesla Motors Inc.—Company Information". Market Business News. Archived from the original on February 12, 2014. Retrieved April 16, 2014. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 2, 2006). "The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan (just between you and me) No. 124". Tesla Motors. Archived from the original on August 2, 2010. Retrieved October 3, 2010. [self-published source]
^ Musk, Elon. "CEO Elon Musk". Tesla Motors. Retrieved October 20, 2010. 
^ Morrison, Chris (October 15, 2008). "Musk steps in as CEO". The New York Times. 
^ Graham Ruddick. "Tesla's Model X electric car spreads falcon wings at US launch". the Guardian. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Tesla Model X: Not a model launch". Fortune. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Model X". Tesla Motors. October 29, 2012. 
^ Joann Muller (June 1, 2013). "What Do Toyota And Mercedes See in Tesla? A Bit of Themselves". Forbes.com. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 2, 2006). "The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan (just between you and me)". Tesla Motors. 
^ Hamilton, Tyler (October 12, 2009). "Tesla CEO following in Henry Ford's tracks". Toronto Star. Archived from the original on October 17, 2009. 
^ Del Ray, Jason (May 29, 2013), Musk: You'll Be Able to Drive Your Tesla Cross-Country by Year's End With Supercharger Expansion, All Things D 
^ Claudia Assis; Jeremy C. Owens. "Elon Musk exercises Tesla options, pays million tax bill with own cash". MarketWatch. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ Chris Ziegler (January 29, 2016). "Elon Musk bought million more worth of Tesla this week". The Verge. Vox Media. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ "Tesla's Elon Musk worked for free last year". Fortune. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Durisin, Megan (August 10, 2013). "Musk get US$4.3 million of stock options for Model X work". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ "All Our Patent Are Belong To You". Tesla Motors. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Dana Hull (2016-02-19). "Musk Gets Tesla.com Domain Name After Waiting a Decade". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 2016-03-22. 
^ "Management Team". SolarCity. 
^ Kanellos, Michael (February 15, 2008). "Newsmaker: Elon Musk on rockets, sports cars, and solar power". CNET. 
^ "2013 Top 250 Solar Contractors". Solar Power World. September 13, 2013. 
^ The unveiling of the Tesla Motors Electric Car. Autoblog. Retrieved July 26, 2006. 
^ a b Diggelen, Alison van. "Tesla and SolarCity Collaborate on Clean Energy Storage". KQED. Retrieved June 25, 2012. 
^ Aaron Smith (June 17, 2014). "Elon Musk's sunny plans for Buffalo". CNNMoney. 
^ "Tesla Makes Offer to Acquire SolarCity". www.teslamotors.com. Retrieved 2016-06-22. 
^ "Beyond the hype of Hyperloop: An analysis of Elon Musk's proposed transit system". Gizmag.com. August 22, 2013. Retrieved August 23, 2013. 
^ Ashlee Vance. "Revealed: Elon Musk Explains the Hyperloop, the Solar-Powered High-Speed Future of Inter-City Transportation". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved April 27, 2016. 
^ "Hyperloop Update: Elon Musk Will Start Developing It Himself". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2016-03-22. 
^ "Musk announces plans to build Hyperloop demonstrator". gizmag.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 12, 2013). "Hyperloop Alpha" (PDF). SpaceX. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 12, 2013). "Hyperloop". Tesla. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ "Hyperloop Designed for Quick, Convenient Commute". ABC News. March 9, 2013. Retrieved August 15, 2013. 
^ "Hyperloop". SpaceX. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ Mazza, Sandy (January 29, 2017). "Hyperloop competition brings new mass-transit technology to life in Hawthorne". Daily Bulletin. 
^ Hawkins, Andrew J. (2017-07-14). "Talking to Hyperloop One about its big ‘Kitty Hawk’ moment — and what comes next". The Verge. Retrieved 2017-07-14. 
^ "Elon Musk Says He Has 'Verbal' OK To Build N.Y.-D.C. Hyperloop". NPR.org. Retrieved 2017-07-25. 
^ Markoff, John (December 11, 2015). "Artificial-Intelligence Research Center Is Founded by Silicon Valley Investors". The New York Times. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ Levy, Steven (December 11, 2015). "How Elon Musk and Y Combinator Plan to Stop Computers From Taking Over". Medium/Backchannel. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk launches Neuralink, a venture to merge the human brain with AI". The Verge. 2017-03-27. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Golson, Jordan (2017-01-25). "Elon Musk: "Without tunnels, we will all be in traffic hell forever"". The Verge. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ "Elon Musk Will Begin Digging His "Boring Company" Tunnel in About A Month". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ Parnell, Brid-Aine. "Elon Musk Teases Traffic-Busting Tunneling Firm 'The Boring Co.'". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ Solon, Olivia (January 26, 2017). "Elon Musk to dig tunnel to ease traffic in LA, but he doesn't yet have permission" – via The Guardian. 
^ Mazza, Sandy. "Elon Musk wants to start digging a traffic-relieving tunnel in Hawthorne ‘in a month or so’". Los Angeles Daily Times. Retrieved 2017-01-28. 
^ Chafkin, Max (16 February 2017). "Elon Musk Is Really Boring". Bloomberg. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ Heathman, Amelia. "Elon Musk's boring machine has already built a 'test trench' in LA". WIRED UK. Retrieved 2017-02-19. 
^ Werber, Cassie. "Elon Musk says tax-free carbon is "the dumbest experiment in history"". Quartz. Retrieved 30 August 2016. 
^ "Taxpayer Subsidies Helped Tesla Motors, So Why Does Elon Musk Slam Them?". Mother Jones. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Harkinson, Josh (September 2013). "Taxpayer Subsidies Helped Tesla Motors, So Why Does Elon Musk Slam Them?". Mother Jones. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Hirsch, Jerry (May 30, 2015). "Elon Musk's growing empire is fuelled by  billion in government subsidies". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved June 2, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk: The Way Of The Future". YouTube. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Team, The Transition (December 14, 2016). "President-Elect Trump Announces Additional Members of President’s Strategic and Policy Forum". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Elon Musk and the chief executive of Uber are now advising Donald Trump". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Donald Trump Adds Elon Musk, Travis Kalanick, and Indra Nooyi to His Team of Advisers". December 14, 2016. Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ OConnell, Justin (December 23, 2016). "Elon Musk, Appointed to Trump's Team of Advisories, Thinks Bitcoin Is a "Good Thing" - CryptoCoinsNews". CryptoCoinsNews. Retrieved April 16, 2017. 
^ "Elon Musk just got more involved with Trump's administration". businessinsider.com. Retrieved January 29, 2017. 
^ "US quits Paris climate pact: Reaction from around the world following the US president's decision on the Paris accord". Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ "Elon Musk anouncing departing presidential councils on Twitter". Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ Wattenberg, Ben. "Elon Musk and the frontier of Technology". Think Tank. PBS.org. Retrieved June 12, 2015. 
^ Strange, Adario (2016-11-05). "Elon Musk thinks universal income is answer to automation taking human jobs". mashable.com. Retrieved 2017-02-06. 
^ "Elon Musk on Trump presidency: 'I don't think he's the right guy'". businessinsider.in. Retrieved March 21, 2017. 
^ Lee, Dave (2017-01-26). "Elon Musk: I'm Trump's voice of reason". BBC News. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ a b "Elon Musk, SpaceX Founder, Battles Entrenched Rivals Over NASA Contracts". The Huffington Post. February 20, 2013. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ "Obama and Congress at odds over Elon Musk". fightforvotes.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Timothy P. Carney, "Carney: Green stimulus profiteer comes under IRS scrutiny", WashingtonExaminer.com, October 14, 2012.
^ a b "SpaceX blasts off literally and politically". Sunlight Foundation. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Salant, Jonathan D. (September 27, 2013). "Billionaires Battle as Bezos-Musk Companies Vie for Launch Pad". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg Business. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ Steven Kovach, "Elon Musk Says He Quit Mark Zuckerberg's PAC Because It Was Too Cynical", BusinessInsider.com, May 31, 2013.
^ a b Becker, Sean (December 11, 2013). "Elon Musk Donated to Anti-Science Republicans". Mic. Policy.Mic. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ "Going to Mars with Elon Musk". OnInnovation.com. June 2008. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ a b "Elon Musk and Rainn Wilson discuss colonizing Mars, global warming, and the fear of failure". The Verge. March 19, 2013. Retrieved June 12, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk, CEO and CTO, Space Exploration Technologies Corp (SpaceX), Peter Diamandis, CEO, X Prize Foundation and John Doerr, Venture Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers". YouTube. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Anderson, Ross (September 30, 2014). "The Elon Musk Interview on Mars Colonization". Aeon. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Gibbs, Samuel (October 27, 2014). "Elon Musk: artificial intelligence is our biggest existential threat". The Guardian. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking think we should ban killer robots". Washington Post. July 28, 2015. Archived from the original on March 8, 2016. Retrieved January 5, 2017. 
^ a b Kosoff, Maya (January 15, 2015). "Elon Musk Is Donating Million To Keep Killer Robots From Taking Over The World". Business Insider. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ Muoio, Danielle (December 11, 2015). "Elon Musk just announced a new artificial intelligence research company". Tech Insider. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Hern, Alex (June 18, 2014). "Elon Musk says he invested in DeepMind over 'Terminator' fears". Retrieved June 10, 2015 – via The Guardian. 
^ "We are living in a computer simulation, Elon Musk says". The Independent. 2016-06-02. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ Matt Hardigree. "Elon Musk Explains How He Wrecked An Uninsured Million McLaren F1". Jalopnik. 
^ Wayne, Leslie (February 5, 2006). "A Bold Plan to Go Where Men Have Gone Before". The New York Times. 
^ FlightAware. "Aircraft Registration N900SK". Retrieved June 25, 2012. 
^ Chris Woodyard,"Tesla's Elon Musk buys 007's sub to make it real", USAToday.com, October 18, 2013; accessed November 13, 2013.
^ "Tosca Musk profile at". Musk entertainment. 
^ Achenbach, Joel. "Elon Musk Wants to Go to Mars" National Geographic November 2016. p. 41.
^ "Elon Musk and SolarCity Donate Solar Power Project to Coastal Response Center in Alabama". Enhanced Online News. Business Wire. 
^ "Elon Musk Donates Solar Power Project to Soma City in Fukushima Prefecture, Japan". BusinessWire.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
^ "What it's like to own a Tesla Model S – Part 2 – The Oatmeal". theoatmeal.com. 
^ Greg Kumparak. "Elon Musk Donates Million to the Oatmeal's Nikola Tesla Museum". TechCrunch. AOL. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk donates M to keep AI beneficial, Future of Life Institute, 2015, retrieved January 20, 2015 
^ "Elon Musk Donates M To Make Sure AI Doesn't Go The Way of Skynet". Mashable. 2015. Retrieved June 21, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk". XPRIZE. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Kroll, Luisa (April 19, 2012). "The Giving Pledge Signs on 12 More Wealthy Americans Including Tesla's Elon Musk And Home Depot's Arthur Blank". Forbes. 
^ Durand Streisand, Elizabeth. "A Look at Elon Musk's Rocky Romantic History". Yahoo. Retrieved 29 May 2017. 
^ Junod, Justine (November 14, 2012). "Elon Musk: Triumph of His Will". Esquire. Retrieved November 28, 2012. 
^ Elliott, Hannah. "Elon Musk – In Photos: Forbes Life Elon Musk". Forbes. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Lai, Jennifer (January 19, 2012). "Elon Musk Divorce: Announces Split From Talulah Riley On Twitter". The Huffington Post. Retrieved July 23, 2013. 
^ "Elon Musk Divorce: Announces Split From Talulah Riley On Twitter", The Huffington Post, January 19, 2012.
^ "Billionaire Elon Musk's wife files for divorce", Mashable.com, March 21, 2016.
^ Kimble, Lindsay (November 18, 2016). "lon Musk and Talulah Riley Are Divorced for a Second Time". People. Retrieved April 24, 2017. 
^ Musk, Elon (2017-06-06). "A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!". twitter. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Australian Government. "Zolpidem ("Stilnox") – updated information – February 2008". www.tga.gov.au. Archived from the original on 2007-08-12. Retrieved 2009-06-22. 
^ Matyszczyk, Chris (2017-06-07). "Elon Musk's strange, strange Ambien tweet". CNET. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Tan, Yvette (2017-06-07). "Elon Musk's weird Ambien tweets are back". Mashable. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; Ferguson, Joshua Willard; Zalan, Daryl; Van Dyke, Christopher Hugo (November 12, 2013), United States Patent: 8579635 - Funnel shaped charge inlet, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; Ferguson, Joshua Willard; Zalan, Daryl; Van Dyke, Christopher Hugo (March 10, 2015), United States Patent: D724031 - Vehicle charge inlet, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; von Holzhausen, Franz; Lee, Bernard; Imai, David Tadashi (May 28, 2013), United States Patent: D683268 - Vehicle, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; von Holzhausen, Franz; Lee, Bernard (March 19, 2013), United States Patent: D678154 - Vehicle door, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Priorities in Space Science Enabled by Nuclear Power And Propulsion. The National Academies Press. 2006. ISBN 9780309180108. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Rocket Man". R&D. September 4, 2007. Retrieved April 20, 2016. 
^ Chafkin, Max (December 1, 2007). "Entrepreneur of the Year, 2007: Elon Musk". inc.com. 
^ "Tesla Roadster". Index. 2007. Archived from the original on January 18, 2012. 
^ "Tesla Motors team". Tesla Motors. 
^ "SpaceX successfully launches Falcon 1 to orbit". Space Exploration Technologies Corp. 2008. 
^ "Connie Awards". National Wildlife Federation. 2008. Archived from the original on June 29, 2009. 
^ Michels, Jennifer (March 4, 2009). "Aviation Week Reveals Laureate Award Winners". Aviation Week. 
^ "Space Community Gathers at National Space Society's ISDC 2009" (Press release). National Space Society. June 17, 2009. 
^ "Automotive Executive of the Year". DNV Certification. 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Favreau, Jon (April 29, 2010). "The 2010 Time 100". Time. 
^ "Barron Hilton and Elon Musk honoured with the highest FAI awards". Fédération Aéronautique Internationale. December 16, 2010. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ "Living Legend of Aviation Awards". Kittie Hawk Air Academy. 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Caltech Elects Two Innovators to Board of Trustees". 
^ "Trustee List". The California Institute of Technology. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ "Space Foundation Survey Reveals Broad Range of Space Heroes". 
^ Smith, Jacquelyn (February 14, 2011). "America's 20 Most Powerful CEOs 40 And Under". Forbes. Retrieved February 18, 2011. To make this list, you had to be the chief executive of one of the 20 biggest publicly traded companies in the U.S. (as of Feb. 11, by market capitalization) with a CEO aged 40 or under. 
^ Dula, Art (June 16, 2011). "Heinlein Prize Honors Elon Musk of SpaceX". The Heinlein Prize. 
^ "2011 Churchill Club Awards". 
^ "2012 RAeS Gold Medal". 
^ Jonathan Welsh (November 21, 2013). "Tesla's Elon Musk is Fortune Businessperson of the Year". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "IEEE Honorary Membership Recipients" (PDF). IEEE. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ "Social Concepts, Inc: We connect people ™". socialconcepts.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk Named Most Influential Person In The Car Business Teslarati, Retrieved 11 May 2016.
^ "The top 10 business visionaries creating value for the world". Business Insider. Business Insider Inc. 
^ "Philanthropists & Social Entrepreneurs Top 200: From Elon Musk to Melinda Gates, These Are the Most Influential Do-Gooders in the World". Richtopia. Retrieved 29 March 2017. 
^ "200 most influential philanthropists in the world". Naij. Retrieved 31 March 2017. 
^ "Graduation show, Art Center College of Design". Cumulusassociation.org. November 23, 2010. Retrieved August 15, 2013. 
^ Surrey celebrates its honorary graduates, Surrey celebrates graduation 2015, Surrey Graduate, Surrey Alumni Society (Autumn/Winter 2009)[dead link]
^ SEAS Celebrates Class of 2015, Honors Innovators Elon Musk and Dean Kamen, 314th commencement (Spring 2015)
^ "Elon Musk SpaceX Tesla on the Simpsons – Business Insider". Business Insider. January 27, 2015. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ "Tesla CEO Elon Musk To Appear On Upcoming Episode Of The Big Bang Theory - CBS.com". CBS. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ "‘DC’s Legends of Tomorrow’ Power Rankings, Week 2: Burn, Baby, Burn – Observer". Observer. January 29, 2016. Retrieved February 7, 2016. 
^ Field, Kyle. "Tesla Stars In "Racing Extinction" Documentary". CleanTechnica. Retrieved 11 July 2016. 
^ Bova, Dan. "'Why Him?' Director on Elon Musk's Amazing 'I Can't Come to Work Today' Excuse". entrepreneur.com. Retrieved January 29, 2017. 


Further reading

Vance, Ashlee. Elon Musk: How the Billionaire CEO of SpaceX and Tesla is Shaping our Future. Virgin Books (2015). ISBN 9780753555620. Afterthoughts by Ashlee Vance

External links

Find more aboutElon Muskat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity
Data from Wikidata



Elon Musk on IMDb
SolarCity official website
SpaceX official website
Tesla official website
Paypal official website
Open AI official website

Articles

Gimien, Mark (August 17, 1999). "Fast Track". Salon. 
Statement of Elon Musk at House Space and Aeronautics Subcommittee Hearings on the Future Market for Commercial Space (2005)
History of PayPal, gawker.com (2007)
Bailey, Brandon (2010). "Elon Musk: Will his Silicon Valley story have a Hollywood ending?". San Jose Mercury News. 
"Science Fiction Books That Inspired Elon Musk", MediaBistro.com, March 19, 2013.
"Elon Musk’s Space Dream Almost Killed Tesla" (Bloomberg, 2015)

Interviews

Appearances on C-SPAN
"An interview with Elon Musk". HobbySpace. August 5, 2003. 
"Lift off with Elon Musk". Carte Blanche. September 4, 2005. Archived from the original on September 28, 2007. 
Bergin, Chris (January 20, 2006). "SpaceX's Musk and Thompson Q and A". nasaspaceflight.com. 
Video interview of Elon Musk by Zadi Diaz of EPIC FU, June 17, 2008. Retrieved April 27, 2014
Gray, Sadie (January 4, 2009). "Forget the bungalow, retire to Mars". Sunday Times. London, UK. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
Musk profile onInnovation.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014
An interview at the Founders Showcase, August 5, 2010
Elon Musk: 'I'm planning to retire to Mars', video interview for The Guardian, August 1, 2010
60 Minutes interview; March 18, 2012.
A 20 minute interview about sending humans to Mars with BBC's Jonathan Amos, March 20, 2012
Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity, ted.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014
Musk, Elon (January 6, 2015). "I am Elon Musk, CEO/CTO of a rocket company, AMA!". Reddit.com. Retrieved January 7, 2015. 
Elon Musk Powers Up: Inside Tesla's Billion Gigafactory Fast Company (magazine), November 2015
Elon Musk Profiled, Bloomberg Risk Takers (45min) - same video on YouTube
Elon Musk: The future we're building — and boring, ted.com. Retrieved May 7, 2017



Biography portal
Business and economics portal
Cars portal
Ecology portal
Space portal
United States portal








v
t
e


Elon Musk



Companies



Zip2 (1995–1999)
PayPal (1999–2002)
SpaceX (2002–present)
Tesla Motors (2004–present)
SolarCity (2006–present)
OpenAI (2015–present)
The Boring Company (2016–present)
Neuralink (2017–present)





Other endeavors



Hyperloop
Wet Nellie





Family



Maye Musk (mother)
Justine Musk (first wife)
Talulah Riley (second and third wife)
Kimbal Musk (brother)
Tosca Musk (sister)
Lyndon Rive (cousin, CEO of SolarCity)









 Category
 WikiQuote
 Commons













v
t
e


Tesla, Inc.



People



Elon Musk (CEO, Chief Product Architect)
JB Straubel (CTO)
Franz von Holzhausen (Chief Designer)
Martin Eberhard (co-founder, inaugural CEO)








Products




Sedans



Model S
Model 3





Crossovers/SUVs



Model X





Sports cars



Roadster (discontinued)





Others



Powerwall
Autopilot








Collaborations



Mercedes A-Class E-Cell
Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive
Smart electric drive
RAV4 EV Second generation





Facilities



Tesla Factory
Gigafactory 1
Gigafactory Europe
Superchargers and battery-swapping stations
SolarCity Gigafactory





Other



History

Timeline


Dealership disputes
SolarCity









 Category
 Commons













v
t
e


PayPal Mafia



Individuals



Peter Thiel
Reid Hoffman
Max Levchin
Ken Howery
Luke Nosek
Elon Musk
Steve Chen
Keith Rabois
Chad Hurley
Roelof Botha
Jawed Karim
Yishan Wong
Eric M. Jackson
David O. Sacks
Premal Shah
Russel Simmons
Jeremy Stoppelman





Companies founded
or co-founded



PayPal
LinkedIn
YouTube
Slide.com
Yelp
Geni.com
Yammer
SpaceX
Tesla, Inc.
Palantir Technologies
Kiva.org





Investments



Friendster
Facebook
Powerset
Vator
Six Apart
Zynga
IronPort
Flickr
Digg
Grockit
Ooma
Quantcast
RapLeaf
SmartDrive Systems
TransferWise
Ping.fm
Nanosolar
Knewton
Kongregate
Last.fm
TokBox
Xoom
Joost





Funds



Founders Fund
Clarium Capital
Greylock Partners
Sequoia Capital





Other



The PayPal Wars
Thank You for Smoking
The Stanford Review












v
t
e


SpaceX



Vehicles





Rockets






Current




Falcon 9

Full Thrust








In development




Falcon 9 Block 5
Falcon Heavy
ITS launch vehicle






Retired




Falcon 1
Falcon 9

v1.0
v1.1








Cancelled




Falcon 1e
Falcon 5
Falcon 9 Air









Test vehicles




Grasshopper (retired)
F9R Dev1† (destroyed)
DragonFly






Spacecraft




Dragon
Dragon 2
Interplanetary Spaceship
ITS tanker






Reusable hardware




Recovered boosters

B1019


Reused boosters

B1021
B1029


Reused capsules

C106













Engines



Merlin (1A, 1B, 1C, 1D, Vacuum)
Kestrel
Draco
SuperDraco
Raptor
Methalox thruster





Missions





Falcon 1




Demo 1† (FalconSAT-2)
Demo 2† (DemoSat)
Flight 3†

Trailblazer
PRESat
NanoSail-D
Explorers


Ratsat
RazakSAT






Falcon 9






Demonstration flights




Dragon Spacecraft Qualification Unit
NASA COTS Demo Flight 1
Dragon C2+






Dragon ISS logistics




CRS-1
CRS-2
CRS-3
CRS-4
CRS-5
CRS-6
CRS-7†
CRS-8
CRS-9
CRS-10
CRS-11
CRS-12
CRS-13
CRS-14
CRS-15
CRS-16
CRS-17
CRS-18
CRS-19
CRS-20
(missions contracted up to CRS-26)






Commercial satellites




SES-8
Thaicom 6
Orbcomm OG2 × 6
AsiaSat 8
AsiaSat 6
ABS-3A / Eutelsat 115 West B
TürkmenÄlem 52°E
Orbcomm OG2 × 11
SES-9
JCSAT-14
Thaicom 8
ABS-2A / Eutelsat 117 West B
JCSAT-16
Amos-6†
Iridium NEXT 1–10
EchoStar 23
SES-10
Inmarsat-5 F4
BulgariaSat-1
Iridium NEXT 11–20
Intelsat 35e
SES-11
Iridium NEXT 21–30
Koreasat 5A
Iridium NEXT 31–40
Paz
Bangabandhu-1
Iridium NEXT 41–50
SES-16 / GovSat-1
Hispasat 30W-6






Scientific satellites




CASSIOPE
DSCOVR
Jason-3
FormoSat-5
SAOCOM 1A






Military satellites




NROL-76
X-37B OTV-5









Falcon Heavy




Demo Flight
ArabSat 6A
USAF STP-2

DSX
FormoSat-7
LightSail 2
GPIM
DSAC
ISAT


Moon tourists
ViaSat 3
Red Dragon








Launch sites





Orbital




Cape Canaveral, Florida

CCAFS Launch Complex 40
Kennedy Launch Pad 39A


Vandenberg, California

Launch Complex 4E


Brownsville, Texas

Boca Chica


Kwajalein, Marshall Islands

Omelek Island†








Suborbital




McGregor test site
New Mexico test site†








Landing sites



Autonomous spaceport drone ships
Landing Zone 1, Cape Canaveral
Launch Complex 4W, Vandenberg





Other facilities



Headquarters and factory (Hawthorne, California)
Rocket development and test facility (McGregor, Texas)
Satellite development facility (Redmond, Washington)
Regional offices (Chantilly, Houston, Seattle, Washington DC)





Contracts



Commercial Orbital Transportation Services (COTS)
Commercial Resupply Services (CRS)
Commercial Crew Development (CCDev)
Commercial Crew integrated Capability (CCiCap)





R&D programs



SpaceX reusable launch system development program
Falcon 9 first-stage landing tests
Interplanetary Transport System
Red Dragon
SpaceX satellite constellation





People



Elon Musk (CEO, CTO)
Gwynne Shotwell (President & COO)
Tom Mueller (Vice President of Propulsion Development)






Italics indicate unflown vehicles and future missions or sites. † denotes failed missions, destroyed vehicles and abandoned sites.







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 306339060
LCCN: n2014017754
ISNI: 0000 0004 2658 2862
GND: 1062481119
NDL: 001156447










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Elon_Musk&oldid=792423717"					
Categories: Elon Musk1971 births20th-century American businesspeople20th-century American engineers21st-century American businesspeople21st-century American engineersAlumni of Pretoria Boys High SchoolAmerican aerospace businesspeopleAmerican aerospace designersAmerican aerospace engineersAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican chief executives in the automobile industryAmerican chief executives of energy companiesAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican chief executives of manufacturing companiesAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer programmersAmerican corporate directorsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican founders of automobile manufacturersAmerican inventorsAmerican investorsAmerican libertariansAmerican nonprofit executivesAmerican people of British descentAmerican people of Canadian descentAmerican philanthropistsAmerican software engineersAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersAmerican transhumanistsAmerican transportation businesspeopleAutomotive pioneersBasic income proponentsBusinesspeople from Los AngelesBusinesspeople in softwareCalifornia Institute of Technology trusteesChief technology officersEngineers from CaliforniaGiving PledgersLiving peopleHyperloopPayPal peoplePeople associated with solar powerPeople from PretoriaPeople with acquired Canadian citizenshipPioneers of rail transportRoyal Aeronautical Society Gold Medal winnersSouth African emigrants to the United StatesSouth African people of Canadian descentSouth African people of British descentSouth African people of German descentSpace advocatesSpaceX peopleStanford University peopleSustainable transport pioneersTesla Inc. peopleTranshumanistsWharton School of the University of Pennsylvania alumniWhite South African peoplePeople with acquired American citizenship21st-century inventors20th-century Canadian businesspeople21st-century Canadian businesspeopleSouth African business executivesCanadian aerospace engineersSouth African engineersCanadian billionairesSouth African billionairesCanadian chief executivesSouth African chief executivesCanadian computer businesspeopleCanadian computer programmersSouth African computer programmersCanadian corporate directorsSouth African corporate directorsCanadian inventorsSouth African inventorsCanadian financial company foundersSouth African company foundersCanadian investorsSouth African investorsCanadian libertariansCanadian nonprofit executivesCanadian people of British descentCanadian people of South African descentCanadian philanthropistsSouth African philanthropistsCanadian software engineersCanadian technology chief executivesCanadian technology company foundersCanadian transhumanistsCanadian people of German descentAmerican people of Pennsylvania Dutch descentHidden categories: CS1 French-language sources (fr)Accuracy disputes from May 2015All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2016Wikipedia semi-protected pagesUse American English from November 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from February 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with failed verificationArticles with failed verification from October 2015Wikipedia articles in need of updating from March 2016All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBoarischBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalegoગુજરાતી한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLumbaartMagyarमैथिलीMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीМонголNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayZazakiŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 12:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Tesla and Elon Musk's 'major new product line'—is it a battery?



   















  
































X












&times















&times















&times















&times


















Energy



Energy


Oil and Gas


Utilities


Renewable Energy




Tesla and Elon Musk's 'major new product line'—is it a battery?

Morgan Brennan													| @MorganLBrennan

Tuesday, 31 Mar 2015 |  3:50  PM ETCNBC.com



SHARES











  On Monday, Tesla Chief Executive Elon Musk took to Twitter to tease a new product announcement: "Major new Tesla product line—not a car—will be unveiled at our Hawthorne Design Studio on Thursday at 8 pm, April 30." 





  
Getty Images
Elon Musk


  The tweet fueled a tidal wave of speculation from Wall Street and news outlets that the mystery product would be a stationary battery storage system for residential customers. There's still no firm indication that what Musk will debut will be a battery system, or anything related to energy, for that matter. But there's reason to guess that it could be. (Tweet This) 
  Tesla has confirmed nothing ahead of next month's announcement, but here's what Musk himself said on the electric carmakers' February earnings conference call: "We're going to unveil the Tesla home battery or the sort of consumer battery that will be for use in people's houses or businesses fairly soon. We have the design done, and it should start going to production probably in about six months or so. We're trying to figure out a date to have the product unveiling, but it's probably in the next month or two months." 

 Read MoreAnalyst: Keep calm and buy Tesla 
  The company's been testing residential stationary batteries in roughly 200 to 250 California households, according to a Global Equities Research analyst note from Monday, and it already supplies lithium-ion batteries (which it also uses in its electric cars) to sister company SolarCity (also founded by Musk).  
  Presumably, once Tesla's $5 billion lithium-ion battery plant—dubbed the "gigafactory"—gets up and running, large-scale production could be done from there as well.  







show chapters





 



 




				    	                 
            Tesla's Musk: New product coming, not a car   
			                        Monday, 30 Mar 2015 | 12:44  PM ET |  01:12 




  If some sort of battery is indeed the product on tap at April's event—and with the caveat that the world outside Tesla's Palo Alto, California, headquarters has few details in the meantime—it could become part of a much bigger discussion not only for the future of Tesla, but for power generation.  
  For years now, cost-competitive energy storage has persisted as the missing link for renewable energy, the main roadblock to more widespread adoption of technologies such as solar photovoltaic panels.  
  "Cost-effective storage has been the 'holy grail' of renewable energy for some time," said Jeffrey Osborne, a senior research analyst at Cowen and Co. covering alternative energy, via email. "The problem with wind and solar is that it is not 'dispatchable' power to use when you need it and you have to hope the wind is blowing or the sun is shining. Residential, commercial and utilities want storage combined with solar, it is just very expensive historically." 




 GTM Research, a market analysis firm that focuses on solar power, estimates that the combined market of solar-plus-storage could grow to $1 billion in 2018, up from $42 million in 2014. 
  It's highly likely that Tesla intends to play a role in that market. Morgan Stanley published a report last July asserting that, "From our analysis of the economics of energy storage products, we conclude that Tesla will likely have the most economic energy storage solution by a significant margin." 
  SolarCity, of which Musk is also chairman, currently controls 30 to 40 percent of the U.S. residential solar market, according to Cowen's Osborne, and storage represents an opportunity to cross-sell more products to customers.  
 Read MoreSolar energy's unexpected conservative backers 
  That said, Tesla isn't the company racing to get an attractively priced product onto the storage market. Earlier this month, SunEdison announced that it purchased Solar Grid Storage. In December, SunPower unveiled a partnership with privately held Sunverge Energy for both residential customers and utilities. Enphase Energy and Ideal Power are also targeting this space, as are start-ups Primus Power and EnerVault.  
  MIT professor Donald Sadoway has been developing another kind of stationary storage technology called liquid metal batteries, rolling out pilot programs for larger-scale use within the grid through Ambri, a company he started with several former students. Last fall, Sadoway told CNBC that widespread deployment of batteries could decentralize the aging power grid and reduce the rising cost of electric bills for consumers.  








Morgan BrennanCNBC Reporter


Related Securities




Symbol
Price
 
Change
%Change




TWTR

---




TSLA

---




MS

---




ENPHASE NRG

---




IPWR

---




SPWR

---




SCTY

---













































To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again.





Playing




Share this video...


×


Watch Next...

















































   Elon Musk teases new Tesla product reveal - Oct. 13, 2016                   
                  



























     


Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed.
By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.






























































        Elon Musk teases new Tesla product reveal 

        by Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz   October 13, 2016: 12:33 PM ET                       Watch Elon Musk tackle bizarre audience questions     
Tesla CEO Elon Musk is at it again. In a classically cryptic tweet to his more than 5.5 million followers earlier this week, Musk teased that a new product announcement was coming on October 17.  What made the tweet even more intriguing is the fact that Musk said the new Tesla (TSLA) product was "unexpected by most."     Musk hinted that the news won't have to do with Tesla's controversial merger plan with SolarCity (SCTY), the alternative energy company run by two of Musk's cousins. A separate Tesla/SolarCity event was happening on October 28.   It's also unlikely that Musk will be talking about his rocket company SpaceX since he clearly indicated that it was Tesla that would have a new product.    Tesla product unveiling on the 17th (unexpected by most), followed by Tesla/SolarCity on the 28th— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) October 9, 2016     So what does Musk have up his sleeve?    Musk is a showman who has been known to oversell his teasing announcements, and CNNMoney's auto guru Peter Valdes-Dapena doesn't think the news will be all that exciting. He told me that it's unlikely to be a new vehicle.   He thinks it could be an updated version of one of Tesla's existing products or a more detailed look at the upcoming Model 3 -- the "affordable" Tesla that's due out at the end of 2017.   Related: Elon Musk wants to sell you an entire solar roof   There are rumors that it could be a reworked version of Tesla's Model X SUV -- a vehicle many are referring to as the Model Y.   But Twitter users and auto and tech bloggers are hoping it will be much more than that.   After all, Musk already has indicated in his new Master Plan for Tesla that a pickup truck, heavy-duty cargo trucks for freight shipping and some sort of mass transit vehicle could be in the works.   So maybe a Tesla Semi or a Tesla Bus will be the product announcement?   Musk also hinted that Tesla will one day let its customers share their cars with other people -- if/when autonomous driving vehicles get the green light from regulators across the country.   In other words, people could turn their Teslas into mini-Ubers and rent them out to people who need a lift. (Or Lyft.)   It seems unlikely that Tesla will launch a true ridesharing service next week though. It's probably too soon.   But one rumor that kept resurfacing this week is that Tesla may launch a motorcycle known as the Model M.   The auto blog Silodrome even has a mockup of what it could look like. (It originally posted it last year though, not in response to Musk's latest tweet.)   Luckily, we only have to wait a few more days to find out just exactly what Musk is unveiling.   Some have even joked that it could be a Tony Stark-styled Iron Man suit, fitting since Robert Downey. Jr. has said he's modeled his version of the Avengers character partly on Musk.   What is certain though is that none of the wacky, but hilarious, ideas created by the parody Bored Elon Musk Twitter account will be announced Monday.   It's too bad though. One of Bored Elon Musk's most recent proposals? A drone to nag co-workers to look at their inbox more frequently.    Shoulder tapping drone you can send over to a coworker who needs to answer your email faster. pic.twitter.com/uBITjSY1Ne— Bored Elon Musk (@BoredElonMusk) September 30, 2016     Maybe Musk will announce on Monday that Tesla is buying all of Bored Elon Musk's fake patents? A boy can dream.      CNNMoney (New York)  First published October 13, 2016: 12:33 PM ET          







 


Social Surge - What's Trending










                  Amazon will make thousands of job offers next week
                









                  Coca-Cola is replacing Coke Zero with a new drink
                









                  Britain bans gasoline and diesel cars starting in 2040
                














Mortgage









CNNMoney Sponsors
































NextAdvisor Paid Partner






Pay no interest until September 2018 with this card
$200 just for using this credit card
Rack up unlimited miles with this astonishing credit card
3 cards charging 0% interest until 2019
The highest paying cash back card has arrived





GoBankingRates Paid Partner






Refinance your mortgage – check for today’s low rate! NMLS#174457
Compare savings accounts and open a new account today!
Take advantage of a steady interest rate with these CD accounts
You can earn 10x returns in your savings with these banks



       



















      
        


Elon Musk | Speaker | TED.com




































You have JavaScript disabled
For the best experience, please turn JavaScript on.
Here's how

























TED Speaker


TED Attendee





Elon Musk

Serial entrepreneur






TED Speaker


TED Attendee






@elonmusk


Tesla


SpaceX


























Elon Musk is the CEO and product architect of Tesla Motors and the CEO/CTO of Space Exploration Technologies (SpaceX).

Why you should listen
At SpaceX, Musk oversees the development of rockets and spacecraft for missions to Earth orbit and ultimately to other planets. In 2008, SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft won the NASA contract to provide cargo transport to space. In 2012, SpaceX became the first commercial company to dock with the International Space Station and return cargo to Earth with the Dragon. At Tesla, Musk has overseen product development and design from the beginning, including the all-electric Tesla Roadster, Model S and Model X, and the rollout of Supercharger stations to keep the cars juiced up. (Some of the charging stations use solar energy systems from SolarCity, of which Musk is the non-executive chair.) Transitioning to a sustainable energy economy, in which electric vehicles play a pivotal role, has been one of his central interests for almost two decades. He co-founded PayPal and served as the company's chair and CEO.




Elon Musk’s TED talks







21:04






 The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity ...




Posted

Mar 2013












40:50






 The future we're building — and boring




Posted

Apr 2017












More news and ideas from Elon Musk





Live from TED2017



The future us: The talks of Session 11 of TED2017



April 28, 2017

In the final session of TED2017, we look ahead to the future we’ll build together. Below, recaps of the talks from Session 11, in chronological order. A design renaissance for our apps. “There’s a hidden goal driving all of our technology, and that goal is the race for our attention.” says Tristan Harris. He would know; he […]
Continue reading





Live from TED2017



What will the future look like? Elon Musk speaks at TED2017



April 28, 2017

In conversation with TED’s Head Curator Chris Anderson, serial entrepreneur and future-builder Elon Musk discusses his new project digging tunnels under LA, Hyperloop, Tesla, SpaceX and his dreams for what the world could look like. Below, highlights from the conversation. Why are you boring? “We’re trying to dig a hole under LA, and this is to […]
Continue reading





We humans



The skill you need now: presentation literacy



January 5, 2017

TED curator Chris Anderson discusses the transformative power of speaking to an audience from the heart.
Continue reading
















































































Elon Musk | Tesla


























































Tesla, Inc




×


























Elon Musk







Elon Musk is the co-founder, CEO and Product Architect at Tesla, overseeing all product development, engineering, and design of the company's electric vehicles, battery products, and solar roofs.
Since the company’s inception in 2003, Tesla’s mission has been to accelerate the transition to a sustainable energy future. The first Tesla product, the Roadster sports car, debuted in 2008, followed by the Model S Sedan, which was introduced in 2012, and the Model X SUV, which launched in 2015. Model S was named Motor Trend 2013 Car of the Year, received Consumer Reports’ Best Overall Car and earned the highest-ever safety rating awarded by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. In 2017, Tesla will begin deliveries of Model 3, a $35,000 mass-market electric car with over 215 miles of range.
In 2015, Tesla introduced two energy storage products, the Powerwall home battery and the Powerpack industrial-scale battery. In 2016, Tesla acquired SolarCity, the leading provider of solar power systems in the United States, and in 2017 will release the Solar Roof, a beautiful and affordable energy generation product.
Elon is also the co-founder, CEO, and lead designer of Space Exploration Technologies (SpaceX), where he oversees the development and manufacturing of advanced rockets and spacecraft for missions to and beyond Earth orbit, with the goal of creating a self-sustaining city on Mars. He is also the co-founder and chairman of OpenAI, a non-profit research company working to build safe artificial intelligence and ensure that AI's benefits are as widely and evenly distributed as possible.
Previously, Elon co-founded and sold PayPal, the world's leading Internet payment system, and Zip2, one of the first internet maps and directions services, which helped bring major publishers like the New York Times and Hearst online.
 
 




Press

Worldwide inquiries
Press@tesla.com




 


















Close


Become a Tesla Insider



Get Newsletter 














Leave this field blank 


 











 


Here's What Elon Musk Revealed At the New Tesla Product Unveiling










































































 













































			Earth & Energy		
Here’s What Elon Musk Revealed At the New Tesla Product Unveiling




													tzahiV/iStock						
						
						
					









In Brief
Elon Musk as finally unveiled his new solar roofing styles surrounded by houses roofed by the technology along with a 14 kWh second generation Powerwall.The tiles are not meant to retrofit existing homes, but to be used in the construction of new ones. The cost of the materials is said to be less than the cost of traditional materials, plus electricity. 

Major Announcement
The public first heard of Tesla’s intent to acquire SolarCity earlier this year. Despite the fact that the deal hasn’t officially closed, both companies are keen to demonstrate the potential of this collaboration. This made the most recent announcement, which happened yesterday evening, something that everyone was really looking forward to.
Image Credit: Tesla Motors
Elon Musk has already talked about what could be expected. Leading up to this big reveal, he spoke about creating a new roofing system that could redefine how we use solar power. It turns out, this will be directly integrated with the Powerwall 2.0, which will serve as the home energy storage solution.
This was discussed on the SolarCity blog: 



Now is the right time to bring our two companies together: Tesla is getting ready to scale our Powerwall and Powerpack stationary storage products and SolarCity is getting ready to offer next-generation differentiated solar solutions. By joining forces, we can operate more efficiently and fully integrate our products, while providing customers with an aesthetically beautiful and simple one-stop solar + storage experience: one installation, one service contract, one phone app.
Just this week, during Tesla’s third quarter earnings call, Musk shared additional information about the new product, describing it as “impressive” and noting that it has exceeded his expectations.
The goal? To replace 5 million rooftops with Tesla’s more sustainable solar alternative.
Tesla Roofing System
At the event, Musk was surrounded by houses of many styles, all newly fitted with the solar technology. The roofing material has been designed to aesthetically match a few different roofing structures, such as French slate, flat modern, and even Tuscan style curved roof tiles.
From the ground, the tiles look like the tiles they are mimicking, but as they are viewed at a more extreme angle (such as that of the sun) they become more transparent. Musk stated, “The goal is… to have solar roofs that look better than a normal roof, generate electricity, last longer, have better insulation and actually have an installed cost that is less than a normal roof plus the cost of electricity.”
Photo credit: Tesla
During the unveiling, Musk also discussed an upgrade to the Tesla’s Powerwall. The Powerwall 2 will cost $5,500 and will have double the capacity (14kWh) of the first generation product.
Majority of American homes use asphalt shingles for roofs. While cheap, its affordability does come at a price. They absorb heat, and aren’t very durable, and in terms of sustainability, they are fossil fuel based and are difficult to dispose. An affordable, environmentally friendly option would indeed be a welcome alternative.
Still, the availability of these alternatives, including Tesla’s new roofing system isn’t an all encompassing solution.
As Musk explained prior to the launch of his latest product, the system isn’t designed to be a retrofitted into existing homes. It’s designed for anyone constructing new homes or those planning to replace an aging roof. Other concerns, such as the need to install it at “latitude-appropirate angles,” or its durability when exposed to harsh elements, have also been raised.










								References:
								TechCrunch, Tree Hugger, Solar City 










 

Written By



Editor Patrick Caughill
October 29, 2016 





 

Editor June Javelosa
 



October 29, 2016








 Share This




 Tweet This




 Email This







Share






















Written By



Editor Patrick Caughill






 

Editor June Javelosa




October 29, 2016





#elon musk#solar city#solar power#tesla 








Get futuristic videos and news delivered straight to your inbox



Daily
Weekly


Subscribe





Related Articles





				Elon Musk’s Boring Company Just Tested Its First Car Elevator			







				Consumer Reports Upgrades Tesla’s Newest Model to Top Safety Rating			







				Mark Zuckerberg Responds to Elon Musk’s Warnings About AI			


 













Over 200,000 people subscribe to our newsletter.
See stories of the future in your inbox each morning.


Get futuristic videos and news delivered straight to your inbox



Daily
Weekly


Subscribe


 





×





Sign in to join the conversation.





Connect with Facebook





Connect with Twitter



 
						We only grab your name + photo and will never post as you.
					







Subscribe




















Like us on Facebook




×






													Get your Daily Dose of the Future
											



													Get mind-blowing news & videos delivered right to your inbox!											






								Subscribe							




Close
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Elon  Products | Dermstore




 
































 


























 
 














Dermstore








brands


skin care

Cleansers & Exfoliators
Moisturizers
Serums
Sun Care
Value Sets
Tools & Devices
All Skin Care



makeup

Foundation
Concealer
Eye Makeup
Lip Makeup
Face Makeup
Mascara
Palettes & Sets
All Makeup



hair care

Shampoo
Conditioner
Styling Tools
Styling Products
Hair Treatments
All Hair Care



bath & body

Lotions & Oils
Bath & Shower
Body Treatments
Hair Removal
Baby & Mom
Fragrance
Oral Care
Value Sets
All Bath & Body



natural

Skin Care
Makeup
Hair Care
Bath & Body
All Natural




        Rewards


Sign up to earn points towards discounts on your favorite brands and products!

Learn More
Join Now




Sale


skin health center


blog


Reviews


Press


customer service

Customer Service
Order Status
Shipping Policies
Returns
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Discount Exclusions
Website Terms of Use

Call Us
1800-213-DERM(3376)





Log In











FREE Shipping & Returns - details



Save 32% on Harry Josh Pro Tools 2000 Pro Dryer + free gifts for a limited time. SHOP NOW   



 Let wanderlust lead the way with  travel-ready beauty. 
 SHOP TRAVEL 







Earn Rewards



Log In / Sign Up 

Log In / Sign Up
Track Order
Easy Returns
Order History
My Favorites
Dermstore Subscriptions






















0 Items 0 
















0 Items 0 

































ElonAll Products 












Elon offers exceptional care for the nails, skin and hair. Originally based solely around nail care, Elon provides effective treatment to cracked, peeling and split nails. Now, Elon also provides care for dry skin, eczema, irritated skin and thinning hair. This combination of exceptionally effective formulation makes for a more beautiful you from head to toe.









Refine by






 
Product Type Bath and Body
 Hair Care
 Makeup
 Skin Care
 
 
Concern Anti-Fungal

 Calluses

 Damaged Hair

 Diaper Rash

 Dryness and Dehydration

 Eczema

 Free Radical Damage

 Frizzy Hair

 Hair Loss and Thinning Hair

 
 
Skin Type Acne-Prone Skin
 Combination Skin
 Dry Skin
 Mature Skin
 Normal Skin
 Oily Skin
 Sensitive Skin
 
 
Hair Type Colored Hair
 Dry Hair
 Fine Hair
 
 
Application Area Body
 Face
 Feet
 Hair
 Hands
 Nails
 Scalp
 
 
Ingredient Vitamin E
 Antioxidants
 Dimethicone
 Vitamin C
 Titanium Dioxide
 Aloe Vera
 Panthenol
 Vitamin A
 Shea Butter
 Jojoba
View More
View Less

 Aloe Vera
 Antioxidants
 Beeswax
 Biotin
 Dimethicone
 Hydroquinone
 Jojoba
 Olive Oil
 Panthenol
 Shea Butter
 Titanium Dioxide
 Vitamin A
 Vitamin C
 Vitamin E
 
 
Ratings 
 
 
 
 











                                    Filters:
                                

                                    None
                                

CLEAR FILTERS








Sort By


Best Sellers
Price - Low to High
Price - High to Low
New
Top Rated
Free Gift





















































JOIN NOW


20% off your next order + free shipping 
Expires 30 days from signup. For new subscribers only. Brand exclusions apply.



JOIN NOW






WELCOME AND THANK YOU!
          You are now subscribed.


WELCOME AND THANK YOU!
          Our Records indicate that you've already subscribed once.




JOIN NOW


Oops, an error occurred.
          Please try adding your email address again.



JOIN NOW



 







Elon Musk - Wikipedia




















 







Elon Musk

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 26 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Elon Musk



A headshot of Elon Musk in 2015.



Born
Elon Reeve Musk
(1971-06-28) June 28, 1971 (age 46)
Pretoria, Transvaal (now Gauteng), South Africa


Residence
Bel Air, Los Angeles, California, U.S.[1][2]


Citizenship



South African (1971–present)
Canadian (1989–present)
American (2002–present)





Alma mater
Queen's University
University of Pennsylvania[3][4]


Occupation
Entrepreneur, Engineer, Inventor, and Investor


Known for
SpaceX, PayPal, Tesla Inc., Hyperloop, SolarCity, OpenAI, The Boring Company, Neuralink, Zip2


Net worth
US$16.1 billion (July 2017)[5]


Title
CEO and CTO of SpaceX
CEO and product architect of Tesla, Inc.
CEO of Neuralink
Chairman of SolarCity
Co-chairman of OpenAI


Spouse(s)



Justine Musk (m. 2000; div. 2008)
Talulah Riley (m. 2010–div. 2012; m. 2013–div. 2016)[6][7]





Children
6


Parent(s)
Maye Musk (mother)
Errol Graham Musk (father)


Relatives
Tosca Musk (sister)
Kimbal Musk (brother)
Lyndon Rive (cousin)


Signature





Elon Reeve Musk (/ˈiːlɒn ˈmʌsk/; born June 28, 1971) is a South African-born Canadian-American business magnate, investor,[8][9] engineer,[10] and inventor.[15]
Elon is the founder, CEO, and CTO of SpaceX; a co-founder,[16] a Series A investor, CEO, and product architect of Tesla Inc.; co-chairman of OpenAI; founder and CEO of Neuralink. He was previously co-founder and chairman of SolarCity; co-founder of Zip2; and founder of X.com, which merged with Confinity and took the name PayPal.[21] As of July 2017, he has an estimated net worth of $16.1 billion, making him the 80th-wealthiest person in the world.[22] In December 2016, Musk was ranked 21st on the Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[23]
Musk has stated that the goals of SolarCity, Tesla, and SpaceX revolve around his vision to change the world and humanity.[24] His goals include reducing global warming through sustainable energy production and consumption, and reducing the "risk of human extinction" by "making life multiplanetary"[25][26] by establishing a human colony on Mars.
In addition to his primary business pursuits, he has also envisioned a high-speed transportation system known as the Hyperloop, and has proposed a VTOL supersonic jet aircraft with electric fan propulsion, known as the Musk electric jet.[27][28]
Elon also proposed the concept of The Boring Company in 2017.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 Early childhood
1.2 Education


2 Career

2.1 Zip2
2.2 X.com and PayPal
2.3 SpaceX
2.4 Tesla
2.5 SolarCity
2.6 Hyperloop
2.7 OpenAI
2.8 Neuralink
2.9 The Boring Company


3 Subsidies
4 Political positions

4.1 Lobbying


5 Opinions

5.1 Destiny and religion
5.2 Extraterrestrial life
5.3 Artificial intelligence


6 Personal life

6.1 Philanthropy
6.2 Family
6.3 Zolpidem usage


7 Patents
8 Awards and recognition

8.1 Honorary doctorates


9 In popular media
10 References
11 Further reading
12 External links

12.1 Articles
12.2 Interviews





Early life
Early childhood
Musk was born on June 28, 1971, in Pretoria, Transvaal, South Africa,[29] the son of Maye Musk (née Haldeman), a model and dietician from Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada;[30] and Errol Musk, a South African electromechanical engineer, pilot and sailor. He has a younger brother, Kimbal (born 1972), and a younger sister, Tosca (born 1974).[34] His paternal grandmother was British, and he also has Pennsylvania Dutch ancestry.[35][36] His maternal grandfather was American, from Minnesota.[37] After his parents divorced in 1980, Musk lived mostly with his father in the suburbs of Pretoria.[35]
During his childhood he was an avid reader.[38]
At age 10, he developed an interest in computing with the Commodore VIC-20.[39] He taught himself computer programming at the age of 12, sold the code for a BASIC-based video game he created called Blastar, to a magazine called PC and Office Technology, for approximately $500.[40][41] A web version of the game is available online.[40][42]
Musk was severely bullied throughout his childhood, and was once hospitalized when a group of boys threw him down a flight of stairs and then beat him until he lost consciousness.[38]
Musk was initially educated at private schools, attending the English-speaking Waterkloof House Preparatory School. Musk later graduated from Pretoria Boys High School and moved to Canada in June 1989, just before his 18th birthday,[43] after obtaining Canadian citizenship through his Canadian-born mother.[44][45]`
Education
At the age of 17, Musk was accepted into Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, for undergraduate study. In 1992, after spending two years at Queen's University, Musk transferred to the University of Pennsylvania, where in May 1997 he received a Bachelor of Science degree in physics from its College of Arts and Sciences, and a Bachelor of Science degree in economics from its Wharton School of Business. Musk extended his studies for one year to finish the second bachelor's degree.[38][46] While at the University of Pennsylvania, Musk and fellow Penn student Adeo Ressi rented a 10-bedroom fraternity house, using it as an unofficial nightclub.[38]
In 1995, at age 24, Musk moved to California to begin a PhD in applied physics and materials science at Stanford University, but left the program after two days to pursue his entrepreneurial aspirations in the areas of the Internet, renewable energy and outer space.[41][47] In 2002, he became a U.S. citizen.[48][49]
Career
Zip2
Main article: Zip2
In 1995, Musk and his brother, Kimbal, started Zip2, a web software company, with US$28,000 of their father's money.[38] The company developed and marketed an Internet "city guide" for the newspaper publishing industry.[50] Musk obtained contracts with The New York Times and the Chicago Tribune[51] and persuaded the board of directors to abandon plans for a merger with CitySearch.[52] While at Zip2, Musk wanted to become CEO; however, none of the board members would allow it.[38] Compaq acquired Zip2 for US$307 million in cash and US$34 million in stock options in February 1999.[53] Musk received US$22 million for his 7% share from the sale.[51]
X.com and PayPal
Main article: PayPal
In March 1999, Musk co-founded X.com, an online financial services and e-mail payment company, with US$10 million from the sale of Zip2.[43][50][52] One year later, the company merged with Confinity,[51][54] which had a money transfer service called PayPal. The merged company focused on the PayPal service and was renamed PayPal in 2001. PayPal's early growth was driven mainly by a viral marketing campaign where new customers were recruited when they received money through the service.[55] Musk was ousted in October 2000 from his role as CEO (although he remained on the board) due to disagreements with other company leadership, notably over his desire to move PayPal's Unix-based infrastructure to Microsoft Windows.[56] In October 2002, PayPal was acquired by eBay for US$1.5 billion in stock, of which Musk received US$165 million.[57] Before its sale, Musk, who was the company's largest shareholder, owned 11.7% of PayPal's shares.[58]
SpaceX
Main article: SpaceX
In 2001, Musk conceptualized "Mars Oasis"; a project to land a miniature experimental greenhouse on Mars, containing food crops growing on Martian regolith, in an attempt to regain public interest in space exploration.[59][60] In October 2001, Musk travelled to Moscow with Jim Cantrell (an aerospace supplies fixer), and Adeo Ressi (his best friend from college), to buy refurbished Dnepr Intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) that could send the envisioned payloads into space. The group met with companies such as NPO Lavochkin and Kosmotras; however, according to Cantrell, Musk was seen as a novice and was consequently spat on by one of the Russian chief designers,[61] and the group returned to the United States empty-handed. In February 2002, the group returned to Russia to look for three ICBMs, bringing along Mike Griffin, who had worked for the CIA's venture capital arm, In-Q-Tel; NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory; and was just leaving Orbital Sciences, a maker of satellites and spacecraft. The group met again with Kosmotras, and were offered one rocket for US$8 million, however, this was seen by Musk as too expensive; Musk consequently stormed out of the meeting. On the flight back from Moscow, Musk realized that he could start a company that could build the affordable rockets he needed.[61] According to early Tesla and SpaceX investor Steve Jurvetson,[62] Musk calculated that the raw materials for building a rocket actually were only 3 percent of the sales price of a rocket at the time. It was concluded that theoretically, by applying vertical integration and the modular approach from software engineering, SpaceX could cut launch price by a factor of ten and still enjoy a 70-percent gross margin.[63] Ultimately, Musk ended up founding SpaceX with the long-term goal of creating a "true spacefaring civilization".[64]




Musk and President Barack Obama at the Falcon 9 launch site in 2010


With US$100 million of his early fortune,[65] Musk founded Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, in May 2002.[66] Musk is chief executive officer (CEO) and chief technology officer (CTO) of the Hawthorne, California-based company. SpaceX develops and manufactures space launch vehicles with a focus on advancing the state of rocket technology. The company's first two launch vehicles are the Falcon 1 and Falcon 9 rockets (a nod to Star Wars' Millennium Falcon), and its first spacecraft is the Dragon (a nod to Puff the Magic Dragon).[67] In seven years, SpaceX designed the family of Falcon launch vehicles and the Dragon multipurpose spacecraft. In September 2008, SpaceX's Falcon 1 rocket became the first privately funded liquid-fueled vehicle to put a satellite into Earth orbit.[38] On May 25, 2012, the SpaceX Dragon vehicle berthed with the ISS, making history as the first commercial company to launch and berth a vehicle to the International Space Station.[68]
In 2006, SpaceX was awarded a contract from NASA to continue the development and test of the SpaceX Falcon 9 launch vehicle and Dragon spacecraft in order to transport cargo to the International Space Station,[69][not in citation given] followed by a US$1.6 billion NASA Commercial Resupply Services program contract on December 23, 2008, for 12 flights of its Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station, replacing the US Space Shuttle after it retired in 2011.[70] Astronaut transport to the ISS is currently handled solely by the Soyuz, but SpaceX is one of two companies awarded a contract by NASA as part of the Commercial Crew Development program, which is intended to develop a US astronaut transport capability by 2018.[71] On 22 December 2015, SpaceX successfully landed the first stage of its Falcon rocket back at the launch pad. This was the first time in history such a feat had been achieved by an orbital rocket and is a significant step towards rocket reusability lowering the costs of access to space.[72] This first stage recovery was replicated several times in 2016 by landing on an Autonomous spaceport drone ship, an ocean based recovery platform.[73]
SpaceX is both the largest private producer of rocket engines in the world, and holder of the record for highest thrust-to-weight ratio for a rocket engine.[74] SpaceX has produced more than 100 operational Merlin 1D engines, currently the world's most powerful engine for its weight.[75] The relatively immense power to weight ratio allows each Merlin 1D engine to vertically lift the weight of 40 average family cars. In combination, the 9 Merlin engines in the Falcon 9 first stage produces anywhere from 5.8 to 6.7 MN (1.3 to 1.5 million pounds) of thrust, depending on altitude.[76]
Musk was influenced by Isaac Asimov's Foundation series[77] and views space exploration as an important step in preserving and expanding the consciousness of human life.[78] Musk said that multiplanetary life may serve as a hedge against threats to the survival of the human species.

An asteroid or a super volcano could destroy us, and we face risks the dinosaurs never saw: an engineered virus, inadvertent creation of a micro black hole, catastrophic global warming or some as-yet-unknown technology could spell the end of us. Humankind evolved over millions of years, but in the last sixty years atomic weaponry created the potential to extinguish ourselves. Sooner or later, we must expand life beyond this green and blue ball—or go extinct.

Musk's goal is to reduce the cost of human spaceflight by a factor of 10.[79] In a 2011 interview, he said he hopes to send humans to Mars' surface within 10–20 years.[80] In Ashlee Vance's biography, Musk stated that he wants to establish a Mars colony by 2040, with a population of 80,000.[39] Musk stated that, since Mars' atmosphere lacks oxygen, all transportation would have to be electric (electric cars, electric trains, Hyperloop, electric aircraft).[81] Space X intends to launch a Dragon spacecraft on a Falcon Heavy in 2018 to soft-land on Mars - this is intended to be the first of a regular cargo mission supply-run to Mars building up to later crewed flights.[82] Musk stated in June 2016 that the first unmanned flight of the larger Mars Colonial Transporter (MCT) spacecraft is aimed for departure to the red planet in 2022, to be followed by the first manned MCT Mars flight departing in 2024.[83] In September 2016, Musk revealed details of his plan to explore and colonize Mars.[84] By 2016, Musk's private trust holds 54% of SpaceX stock, equivalent to 78% of voting shares.[85]
Tesla
Main article: Tesla, Inc.
Tesla, Inc. (originally Tesla Motors) was incorporated in July 2003 by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning, who financed the company until the Series A round of funding.[86]
Both men played active roles in the company's early development prior to Elon Musk's involvement.[87] Musk led the Series A round of investment in February 2004, joining Tesla's board of directors as its chairman.[88] Musk took an active role within the company and oversaw Roadster product design at a detailed level, but was not deeply involved in day-to-day business operations.[89]
Following the financial crisis in 2008,[90] Musk assumed leadership of the company as CEO and product architect, positions he still holds today. Tesla Motors first built an electric sports car, the Tesla Roadster in 2008, with sales of about 2,500 vehicles to 31 countries. Tesla began delivery of its four-door Model S sedan on June 22, 2012. It unveiled its third product, the Model X, aimed at the SUV/minivan market, on February 9, 2012; the Model X launch was however delayed until September 2015.[91][92][93] In addition to its own cars, Tesla sells electric powertrain systems to Daimler for the Smart EV, Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive and Mercedes A Class and to Toyota for the RAV4 EV. Musk was able to bring in both companies as long-term investors in Tesla.[94]







Musk observing an assembly demo at the reopening of the NUMMI plant, now known as the Tesla Factory (Fremont, California) in 2010









Musk standing in front of a Tesla Model S in 2011









Musk and Senator Dianne Feinstein next to a Tesla Model S (2010)




Musk has favored building a sub-US$30,000 compact Tesla model and building and selling electric vehicle powertrain components so that other automakers can produce electric vehicles at affordable prices without having to develop the products in-house; this led to the Model 3 that is planned to have a base price of US$35,000.[95] Several mainstream publications have compared him with Henry Ford for his work on advanced vehicle powertrains.[96]
In a May 2013 interview with All Things Digital, Musk said that to overcome the range limitations of electric cars, Tesla is "dramatically accelerating" its network of supercharger stations, tripling the number on the East and West coasts of the U.S. that June, with plans for more expansion across North America, including Canada, throughout the year.[97] As of January 29, 2016, Musk owns about 28.9 million Tesla shares, which equates to about 22% of the company.[98][99]
As of 2014, Musk's annual salary is one dollar, similar to Steve Jobs and other CEOs, the remainder of his compensation is in the form of stock and performance-based bonuses.[100][101]
In 2014, Musk announced that Tesla would allow its technology patents to be used by anyone in good faith in a bid to entice automobile manufacturers to speed up development of electric cars. "The unfortunate reality is electric car programs (or programs for any vehicle that doesn't burn hydrocarbons) at the major manufacturers are small to non-existent, constituting an average of far less than 1% of their total vehicle sales", Musk said.[102]
In February 2016, Musk announced that he had acquired the Tesla.com domain name from Stu Grossman, who had owned it since 1992 and changed Tesla's homepage to that domain.[103]
SolarCity
Main article: SolarCity
Musk provided the initial concept and financial capital for SolarCity, which was then co-founded in 2006 by his cousins Lyndon and Peter Rive.[104][105] SolarCity is now the second largest provider of solar power systems in the United States.[106]
The underlying motivation for funding both SolarCity and Tesla is to help combat global warming.[107] In 2012, Musk announced that SolarCity and Tesla are collaborating to use electric vehicle batteries to smooth the impact of rooftop solar on the power grid, with the program going live in 2013.[108]
On June 17, 2014, Musk committed to building in Buffalo, New York, a SolarCity advanced production facility that would triple the size of the largest solar plant in the United States. Musk stated the plant will be "one of the single largest solar panel production plants in the world", and it will be followed by one or more even bigger facilities in subsequent years.[109][needs update]
In June 2016, Musk's car company, Tesla, formally submitted an offer to acquire SolarCity.[110]
Hyperloop
Main articles: Hyperloop and Hyperloop pod competition
On August 12, 2013, Musk unveiled a concept for a high-speed transportation system incorporating reduced-pressure tubes in which pressurized capsules ride on an air cushion driven by linear induction motors and air compressors.[111] The mechanism for releasing the concept was an alpha-design document that, in addition to scoping out the technology, outlined a notional route where such a transport system might be built: between the Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area.[112]
After earlier envisioning Hyperloop, Musk assigned a dozen engineers from Tesla and SpaceX who worked for nine months, establishing the conceptual foundations and creating the designs for the transportation system.[113][114] An early design for the system was then published in a whitepaper posted to the Tesla and SpaceX blogs.[115][116][117] Musk's proposal, if technologically feasible at the costs he has cited, would make Hyperloop travel cheaper than any other mode of transport for such long distances. The alpha design was proposed to use a partial vacuum to reduce aerodynamic drag, which it is theorized would allow for high-speed travel with relatively low power, with certain other features like air-bearing skis and an inlet compressor to reduce air drag. The alpha design document estimated the total cost of an LA-to-SF Hyperloop system at US$6 billion, but this amount is speculative.[118]
In June 2015, Musk announced a design competition for students and others to build Hyperloop pods to operate on a SpaceX-sponsored mile-long track in a 2015–2017 Hyperloop pod competition. The track was used in January 2017, and Musk also started building a tunnel.[119]
Hyperloop One, a company unaffiliated with Musk, had announced that it had done its first successful test run on its DevLoop track in Nevada on July 13, 2017. It was on May 12, 2017 at 12:02 A.M and had lasted 5.3 seconds, reaching a top speed of 70 mph.[120]
On July 25, 2017, Elon Musk announced that he had gotten approval from the Department of Transportation to build a hyperloop from New York City to Washington D.C stopping in both Philadelphia and Baltimore.[121]
OpenAI
Main article: OpenAI
In December 2015, Elon Musk announced the creation of OpenAI, a not-for-profit artificial intelligence (AI) research company. OpenAI aims to develop artificial general intelligence in a way that is safe and beneficial to humanity.[122]
By making AI available to everyone, OpenAI wants to "counteract large corporations who may gain too much power by owning super-intelligence systems devoted to profits, as well as governments which may use AI to gain power and even oppress their citizenry".[123]
Neuralink
Main article: Neuralink
In 2016, Musk co-founded Neuralink, a neurotechnology startup company, to integrate the human brain with artificial intelligence. The company, which is still in the earliest stages of existence, is centered on creating devices that can be implanted in the human brain, with the eventual purpose of helping human beings merge with software and keep pace with advancements in artificial intelligence. These enhancements could improve memory or allow for more direct interfacing with computing devices.[124]
The Boring Company
Main article: The Boring Company
On December 17, 2016, while stuck in traffic, Musk tweeted "Am going to build a tunnel boring machine and just start digging..." The company was named 'The Boring Company'.[125] On January 21, 2017, Musk tweeted "Exciting progress on the tunnel front. Plan to start digging in a month or so."[126] The first tunnel will start on the SpaceX campus,[127] and will probably go to a nearby parking garage. As of January 26, 2017, discussions with regulatory bodies have begun,[128] but no requests for permits to dig in the Los Angeles area have yet been filed with the California Department of Transportation.[129]
In February 2017, the company began digging a 30-foot-wide, 50-foot-long, and 15-foot-deep "test trench" on the premises of Space X's offices in Los Angeles, since the construction requires no permits.[130][131]
Subsidies
Musk has stated that he does not believe the U.S. government should provide subsidies to companies but should instead use a carbon tax to price in the negative externality of air pollution and discourage "bad behavior." Musk argues that the free market would achieve the "best solution," and that producing environmentally unfriendly vehicles should come with its own consequences.[132]
Musk's statements have been widely criticized, with Stanford University Professor Fred Turner noting that "if you're an entrepreneur like Elon Musk, you will take the money where you can get it, but at the same time believe as a matter of faith that it's entrepreneurship and technology that are the sources of social change, not the state. It is not quite self-delusion, but there is a habit of thinking of oneself as a free-standing, independent agent, and of not acknowledging the subsidies that one received. And this goes on all the time in Silicon Valley."[133] Author Michael Shellenberger argued that "in the case of Musk, it is hard not to read that as a kind of defensiveness. And I think there is a business reason for it. They are dealing with a lot of investors for whom subsidies are not the basis for a long-term viable business, and they often want to exaggerate the speed with which they are going to be able to become independent." Shellenberger continues, "we would all be better off if these entrepreneurs were a bit more grateful, a bit more humble." While journalist and author Jim Motavalli, who interviewed Musk for High Voltage, his 2011 book about the electric vehicle industry, speculated that "Elon is now looking at it from the point of view of a winner, and he doesn't want to see other people win because they get government money – I do think there is a tendency of people, once they have succeeded, to want to pull the ladder up after them."[134]
In 2015, Musk's statements were subject to further scrutiny when an LA Times article claimed that SpaceX, Tesla, SolarCity and buyers of their products had or were projected to receive together an estimated US$4.9 billion in government subsidies over twenty years. One example given is New York state, which is spending $750 million to build a solar panel factory in Buffalo which will be leased to SolarCity for $1 a year. The deal also includes no property taxes for a decade, an estimated $260 million valuation. Musk employs a former U.S. State Department official as the chief negotiator for Tesla.[135]
Political positions




Musk speaking alongside Irish Taoiseach (Prime Minister) Enda Kenny


Politically, Musk has described himself as "half Democrat, half Republican." In his own words: "I'm somewhere in the middle, socially liberal and fiscally conservative."[136] In 2016, Musk became a member of two of then President-elect Donald Trump's presidential advisory committees (the Strategic and Policy Forum[137][138][139][140] and Manufacturing Jobs Initiative)[141] but resigned from both in 2017, in protest at Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement on climate change.[142][143]
Musk has described himself as "nauseatingly pro-American." According to Musk, the United States is "[inarguably] the greatest country that has ever existed on Earth," describing it as "the greatest force for good of any country that's ever been." Musk believes outright that there "would not be democracy in the world if not for the United States," arguing there were "three separate occasions in the 20th-century where democracy would have fallen with World War I, World War II and the Cold War, if not for the United States." Musk also stated that he thinks "it would be a mistake to say the United States is perfect, it certainly is not. There have been many foolish things the United States has done and bad things the United States has done."[144]
Prompted by the emergence of self-driving cars and Artificial Intelligence, Musk has voiced support for a Universal Basic Income.[145]
Prior to the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Musk criticized candidate Trump by saying: "I feel a bit stronger that he is probably not the right guy. He doesn't seem to have the sort of character that reflects well on the United States."[146] Following Donald Trump's inauguration, Musk expressed approval of Trump's choice of Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State and accepted an invitation to appear on a panel advising President Trump. Regarding his cooperation with Trump, Musk has subsequently commented: "The more voices of reason that the President hears, the better."[147]
Lobbying
In an interview with the Washington Post, Musk stated he was a "significant (though not top-tier) donor to Democrats, but that he also gives heavily to Republicans." Musk further stated, "in order to have your voice be heard in Washington, you have to make some little contribution."[148][149]
A recent report from the Sunlight Foundation (a nonpartisan group that tracks government spending), found that "SpaceX has spent over US$4 million on lobbying Congress since it was established in 2002 and doled out more than US$800,000 in political contributions" to Democrats and Republicans. The same report noted that "SpaceX's campaign to win political support has been systematic and sophisticated", and that "unlike most tech-startups, SpaceX has maintained a significant lobbying presence in Washington almost since day 1". The report further noted that "Musk himself has donated roughly US$725,000 to various campaigns since 2002. In 2004, he contributed US$2,000 to President George W. Bush's reelection campaign, maxing out (over US$100,000)[150] to Obama's reelection campaign and donated US$5,000 to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who represents Florida, a state critical to the space industry. (...) All told, Musk and SpaceX gave out roughly US$250,000 in the 2012 election cycle."[148][151] Additionally, SpaceX hired former Republican Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott to represent the company, via the Washington-based lobbying group Patton Boggs LLP. Alongside Patton Boggs LLP, SpaceX uses several other outside lobbying firms, who work alongside SpaceX's own lobbyists.[152]
Musk had been a supporter of the U.S. political action committee (PAC) FWD.us, which was started by fellow high-profile entrepreneur Mark Zuckerberg and advocates for immigration reform. However, in May 2013, Musk publicly withdrew his support in protest of advertisements the PAC was running that supported causes like the Keystone Pipeline. Musk and other members, including David O. Sacks, pulled out, criticizing the strategy as "cynical".[153] Musk further stated, "we shouldn't give in to the politics. If we give in to that, we'll get the political system we deserve."[154]
In December 2013, Sean Becker of the media/political website Mic called Musk a "complete hypocrite", stating that "[for] the 2014 election cycle, Musk has contributed to the Longhorn PAC and the National Republican Congressional Committee — both of which have funded the campaigns of anti-science, anti-environment candidates such as Rep. Michelle Bachman (R-Minn.)."[154] Musk has directly contributed to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who has been accused of holding similar positions regarding climate change.[151]
Opinions
Destiny and religion
When asked whether he believed "there was some kind of destiny involved" in humanity's transition to a multi-planetary species, rather than "just physics", Musk responded:

Well, I do. Do I think that there's some sort of master intelligence architecting all of this stuff? I think probably not because then you have to say: "Where does the master intelligence come from?" So it sort of begs the question. So I think really you can explain this with the fundamental laws of physics. You know its complex phenomenon from simple elements.[155]

Musk has stated that he does not pray, or worship any being, although previously admitted to praying before an important Falcon 1 launch, asking "any entities that [were] listening" to "bless [the] launch". When asked whether he believed "religion and science could co-exist", Musk replied "probably not".[156]
Extraterrestrial life
Although Musk believes "there is a good chance that there is simple life on other planets", he "questions whether there is other intelligent life in the known universe".[156] Musk later clarified his "hope that there is other intelligent life in the known universe", and stated that it is "probably more likely than not, but that's a complete guess."[157]
Musk has also considered the simulation hypothesis as a potential solution to the Fermi paradox:

The absence of any noticeable life may be an argument in favour of us being in a simulation.... Like when you're playing an adventure game, and you can see the stars in the background, but you can't ever get there. If it's not a simulation, then maybe we're in a lab and there's some advanced alien civilization that's just watching how we develop, out of curiosity, like mould in a petri dish.... If you look at our current technology level, something strange has to happen to civilizations, and I mean strange in a bad way. ... And it could be that there are a whole lot of dead, one-planet civilizations.[158]

Artificial intelligence
Musk has frequently spoken out about the potential dangers of artificial intelligence, declaring it "the most serious threat to the survival of the human race". During an interview at the MIT AeroAstro Centennial Symposium, Musk described AI as "[humanity's] biggest existential threat", further stating, "I'm increasingly inclined to think that there should be some regulatory oversight, maybe at the national and international level, just to make sure that we don't do something very foolish." Musk described the creation of artificial intelligence as "summoning the demon".[159][160]
Despite this, Musk has previously invested in DeepMind, an AI firm, and Vicarious, a company working to improve machine intelligence. In January 2015, he donated $10 million to the Future of Life Institute, an organization focused on challenges posed by advanced technologies.[161] He is the co-chairman of OpenAI, a nonprofit artificial intelligence research company.[162]
Musk has said that his investments are, "not from the standpoint of actually trying to make any investment return... I like to just keep an eye on what's going on with artificial intelligence". Musk continued, "There have been movies about this, you know, like Terminator – there are some scary outcomes. And we should try to make sure the outcomes are good, not bad."[163]
In June 2016, he was asked whether he thinks humans live in a computer simulation, to which he answered "probably". Elaborated as follows:

The strongest argument for us probably being in a simulation I think is the following: 40 years ago we had Pong – two rectangles and a dot. That's where we were. Now 40 years later we have photorealistic, 3D simulations with millions of people playing simultaneously and it's getting better every year. And soon we'll have virtual reality, we'll have augmented reality. If you assume any rate of improvement at all, then the games will become indistinguishable from reality, just indistinguishable.[164]

Personal life
Musk owned a McLaren F1 supercar, which he crashed while it was uninsured.[165] He also previously owned an Aero L-39, a Czech-made jet trainer aircraft .[166]
The 1994 model Dassault Falcon 900 aircraft used in the 2005 film Thank You for Smoking is registered to Musk (N900SX),[167] and Musk had a cameo as the pilot of his plane, opening the door for Robert Duvall and escorting Aaron Eckhart aboard. Musk owns Wet Nellie, the Lotus Esprit from the James Bond film The Spy Who Loved Me. He plans to convert it into the functional car-submarine from the film.[168]
Musk attended the Burning Man festival in 2004 and has said he first thought up the idea for SolarCity at the festival.[108]
Tosca Musk, Elon's sister, is a filmmaker. She is the founder of Musk Entertainment and has produced various movies.[169]
Musk stated that he wants to die on Mars, just not on impact.[170]
Philanthropy
Musk is chairman of the Musk Foundation, which focuses its philanthropic efforts on providing solar-power energy systems in disaster areas. In 2010, the Musk Foundation collaborated with SolarCity to donate a 25-kW solar power system to the South Bay Community Alliance's (SBCA) hurricane response center in Coden, Alabama.[171] In July 2011, the Musk Foundation donated US$250,000 towards a solar power project in Sōma, Japan, a city that had been recently devastated by tsunami.[172]
In July 2014, Musk was asked by cartoonist Matthew Inman and William Terbo, the grandnephew of Nikola Tesla, to donate US$8 million toward the construction of the Tesla Science Center at Wardenclyffe.[173] Ultimately, Musk agreed to donate US$1 million toward the project and additionally pledged to build a Tesla Supercharger in the museum car park.[174]
Musk donated US$10 million to the Future of Life Institute in January 2015, to run a global research program aimed at keeping artificial intelligence beneficial to humanity.[175][161][176]
As of 2015, Musk is a trustee of the X Prize Foundation[177] and a signatory of The Giving Pledge.[178]
Family
Musk met his first wife, Canadian author Justine Wilson, while both were students at Ontario's Queen's University. They married in 2000 and separated in 2008.[179]
Their first son, Nevada Alexander Musk, died of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) at the age of ten weeks.[180] They later had five sons through in vitro fertilization – twins in 2004, followed by triplets in 2006 – all of whom they share custody.[181]
In 2008, Musk began dating English actress Talulah Riley, and in 2010, the couple married. In January 2012, Musk announced that he had ended his four-year relationship with Riley,[33][182] tweeting to Riley, "It was an amazing four years. I will love you forever. You will make someone very happy one day."[183] In July 2013, Musk and Riley remarried. In December 2014, Musk filed for a second divorce from Riley, however, the action was withdrawn.[7] It was announced in March 2016 that divorce proceedings were again under way, this time with Riley filing for divorce from Musk.[184] The divorce was finalized in late 2016.[185]
Zolpidem usage
In an apparent self-admission of mixing Zolpidem and alcohol, Musk tweeted in June 2017 "A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!".[186] Health authorities advise to not take Zolpidem together with alcohol, which can be a highly addictive combination and increase the risk of experiencing dangerous side-effects.[187] Musk gained media attention for advocating a dangerous drug combination publicly on his social media.[188][189]
Patents


Title
Application number
Grant number
Application date
Grant date
Original assignee


Funnel shaped charge inlet[190]
13/549185
8579635
2012-07-13
2013-11-12
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle charge inlet[191]
29/427056
D724031
2012-07-13
2015-03-10
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle[192]
29/412833
D683268
2012-02-08
2013-05-28
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle door[193]
29/412841
D678154
2012-02-08
2013-03-19
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Awards and recognition

In 2006, Musk served as a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences Aeronautics and Space Engineering Board.[194]
R&D Magazine Innovator of the Year for 2007 for SpaceX, Tesla, and SolarCity.[195]
Inc Magazine Entrepreneur of the Year award for 2007 for his work on Tesla and SpaceX.[196]
2007 Index Design award for his design of the Tesla Roadster.[197] Global Green 2006 product design award for his design of the Tesla Roadster, presented by Mikhail Gorbachev.[198]
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics George Low award for the most outstanding contribution in the field of space transportation in 2007/2008. Musk was recognized for his design of the Falcon 1, the first privately developed liquid-fuel rocket to reach orbit.[199]
National Wildlife Federation 2008 National Conservation Achievement award for Tesla and SolarCity. Other 2008 recipients include journalist Thomas Friedman, U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT), and Florida Governor Charlie Crist.[200]
The Aviation Week 2008 Laureate for the most significant achievement worldwide in the space industry.[201]
National Space Society's Von Braun Trophy in 2008/2009, given for leadership of the most significant achievement in space. Prior recipients include Burt Rutan and Steve Squyres.[202]
Automotive Executive of the Year (worldwide) in 2010 for demonstrating technology leadership and innovation via Tesla. Prior awardees include Bill Ford Jr, Bob Lutz, Dieter Zetsche and Lee Iacocca. Musk is the youngest ever recipient of this award.[203]
Listed as one of Time's 100 people who most affected the world in 2010.[204]
The world governing body for aerospace records, Fédération Aéronautique Internationale, presented Musk in 2010 with the highest award in air and space, the FAI Gold Space Medal, for designing the first privately developed rocket to reach orbit. Prior recipients include Neil Armstrong, Burt Rutan of Scaled Composites and John Glenn.[205]
Named as one of the 75 most influential people of the 21st century by Esquire magazine.[78]
Recognized as a Living Legend of Aviation in 2010 by the Kitty Hawk Foundation for creating the successor to the Space Shuttle (Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft). Other recipients include Buzz Aldrin and Richard Branson.[206]
In 2010, Musk was elected to the board of trustees of the California Institute of Technology,[207] however no longer holds the position.[208]
In a 2010 Space Foundation survey, he was ranked as the No. 10 (tied with rocketry pioneer and scientist Wernher von Braun) most popular space hero.[209]
In February 2011, Forbes listed Musk as one of "America's 20 Most Powerful CEOs 40 And Under".[210]
In June 2011, Musk was awarded the US$250,000 Heinlein Prize for Advances in Space Commercialization[211]
In 2011, Musk was honored as a Legendary Leader at the Churchill Club Awards.[212]
In 2012, Musk was awarded the Royal Aeronautical Society's highest award: a Gold Medal.[213]
Musk was the 2012 recipient of Smithsonian magazine's American Ingenuity Award in the Technology category.
In 2013, Musk was named the Fortune Businessperson of the year for SpaceX, SolarCity, and Tesla.[214]
In 2015, he was awarded IEEE Honorary Membership.[215]
As of 2015, Musk serves on the board of advisors of Social Concepts, Inc.[216]
In 2016, The Drive, a division of Time, named Musk the most influential person in the car business and as the second most influential person in the automotive tech sector.[217]
In June 2016, Business Insider named Musk one of the "Top 10 Business Visionaries Creating Value for the World" along with Mark Zuckerberg and Sal Khan.[218]
In December 2016, Musk was ranked 21st on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[23]
In March 2017, Musk was listed by UK-based company Richtopia at number 3 in the list of 200 Most Influential Philanthropists and Social Entrepreneurs.[219][220]

Honorary doctorates

Honorary doctorate in Design from the Art Center College of Design[221]
Honorary doctorate (DUniv) in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Surrey[222]
Honorary doctorate of Engineering and Technology from Yale University[223]

In popular media
In the 2005 film Thank You for Smoking, Musk had a cameo as the pilot of his own plane, opening the door for the Captain (Robert Duvall) and escorting Nick Naylor (Aaron Eckhart) aboard. In Iron Man 2 (2010), he met Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) in a restaurant, and had some brief lines regarding an "idea for an electric jet". In 2014, he was satirized in the South Park episode "Handicar". He later made a guest appearance in three more episodes of South Park in 2016, this time voicing himself in the episodes "Members Only", "Not Funny", and "The End of Serialization as We Know It." In January 2015, he made a guest appearance playing himself on The Simpsons in an episode titled "The Musk Who Fell to Earth"; the episode poked fun at many of the inventor's ideas.[224]
In November 2015, Musk appeared in an episode of The Big Bang Theory, playing himself, volunteering at a soup kitchen with Howard.[225] In 2016 Musk was referenced by Dr. Martin Stein on The CW time-travel TV show DC's Legends of Tomorrow. During a time travel to the past, Stein meets his younger self and introduced himself as Elon Musk, to disguise his own identity.[226] Following the same TV universe on The CW, in the DC Superhero series The Flash, one of the characters[who?] quoted that he wished he'd be like Elon Musk on alternate universes.[citation needed]
Musk was also featured in the 2015 environmental documentary Racing Extinction, in which a custom Tesla Model S was designed to help project images of critically endangered species onto public buildings, including the Empire State Building and the Vatican.[227]
In 2016 Musk appeared as himself in the romantic comedy film Why Him? where he was briefly met by one of the main characters, Ned Flemming played by Bryan Cranston, in a bar at a party.[228]
References


^ "Billionaire Tesla CEO Elon Musk Buys Neighbor's Home in Bel Air For Million". Forbes. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ "Inside Elon Musk's M Bel Air Mansion". Bloomberg News. Retrieved August 21, 2013. 
^ Hull, Dana (April 11, 2014). "Timeline: Elon Musk's accomplishments". Retrieved June 11, 2015 – via Mercury News. 
^ Zanerhaft, Jaron (2013). "Elon Musk: Patriarchs and Prodigies". CSQ. C-Suite Quarterly. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ "The World's Billionaires List". Forbes. Retrieved July 25, 2017. 
^ "Actor Talulah Riley files to divorce billionaire Elon Musk, again". The Guardian. March 21, 2016. Retrieved April 20, 2016. The pair first married in 2010 and divorced in 2012. They remarried 18 months later. 
^ a b "Elon Musk withdraws Talulah Riley divorce papers after being spotted at Allen & Company conference". Mail Online. August 5, 2015. 
^ Curtis, Sophie (November 10, 2014). "Elon Musk 'to launch fleet of internet satellites'". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved June 23, 2015. Elon Musk, inventor and business magnate 
^ Vance, Ashlee (September 13, 2012). "Elon Musk, the 21st Century Industrialist". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved June 23, 2015. 
^ "Early Career Engineers, Conferences and Careers". asme.org. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Bellis, Mary. "Biography of Elon Musk". inventors.about.com. About.com. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ "The Top 10 Venture Capitalists on 2014's Midas List". Forbes. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Albergotti, Reed (March 21, 2014). "Zuckerberg, Musk Invest in Artificial Intelligence Company". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Love, Dylan (March 21, 2014). "Elon Musk And Mark Zuckerberg Have Invested Million in a Mysterious Artificial Intelligence Company". Business Insider. Business Insider. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ [11][12][13][14]
^ Shanklin, Emily (27 March 2017). "Elon Musk". SpaceX. Retrieved 17 June 2017. 
^ Martin LaMonica (September 21, 2009). "Tesla Motors founders: Now there are five". CNET. 
^ "A Brief history of Tesla". Tech Crunch. January 4, 2013. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Tesla was founded not by Elon Musk, but rather by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning in July 2003. The two bootstrapped the fledgling auto company until Elon Musk led the company's  million Series A financing round in February 2004, when Musk became the company's Chairman of the Board. 
^ Hardy, Quentin; Bilton, Nick (March 16, 2014). "Start-Ups Aim to Conquer Space Market". The New York Times. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Space Exploration Technologies, or Space X, started by the Tesla founder Elon Musk 
^ "Trust Your Own Focus Group of One". Entrepreneur.com. April 11, 2014. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Elon Musk, founder of PayPal, Tesla and SpaceX 
^ [17][18][19][20]
^ "Elon Musk". Forbes.com. Retrieved 21 March 2017. 
^ a b "The World's Most Powerful People". Forbes. December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Youtube Video - Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity". 
^ Why Invest In Making Life Multi-Planetary? Elon Musk. December 13, 2011. Retrieved February 21, 2016 – via YouTube. 
^ Ross Andersen (September 30, 2014). "Elon Musk puts his case for a multi-planet civilisation". Aeon. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ Jonathan Charlton. "Elon Musk 'Toying' with Designs for Electric Jet". Aviation.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk on dodging a nervous breakdown (2013). YouTube. March 16, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk (South African entrepreneur)". Britannica Online Encyclopedia. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ a b His Biography author Ashlee Vance interviewed on the TV show Triangulation on the TWiT.tv network, discussion of his family starts around the 15th minute
^ Friend, Tad (2009). "Plugged In". The New Yorker. 85 (23–30): 53. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ Masia, Seth (May 2011). "A Family Leads to the Installer Universe". Solar Today. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ a b Elliott, Hannah (March 3, 2012). "At Home With Elon Musk: The (Soon-to-Be) Bachelor Billionaire". Forbes. Retrieved August 12, 2013. 
^ [30][31][32][33]
^ a b Hall, Dana (April 11, 2014). "Rocket Man: The otherworldly ambitions of Elon Musk". San Jose Mercury News. Retrieved April 14, 2014. 
^ Hannah Elliott. "At Home With Elon Musk: The (Soon-to-Be) Bachelor Billionaire". Forbes. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ "Tweet". February 5, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g Vance, Ashlee (2015). Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future. ISBN 978-0062301239. 
^ a b Pierre Haski (May 28, 2015). "Elon Musk (Tesla, SpaceX): génie ou prédateur de la Silicon Valley?" (in French). rue89.nouvelobs.com. 
^ a b "Play the PC game Elon Musk wrote as a pre-teen". 
^ a b Belfiore, Michael (2007). "Chapter 7: Orbit on a Shoestring". Rocketeers. Harper Collins. pp. 166–95. ISBN 978-0-06-114902-3. 
^ "Blastar for HTML5". blastar-1984.appspot.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ a b "37 Interesting Facts about Elon Musk, One of the Most Innovative Entrepreneurs of Our Time". BoomsBeat.com. February 14, 2014. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Davis, Johnny (August 4, 2007). "One more giant leap". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ Diggelen, Alison van (February 7, 2013). "Iron Man, Growing up in South Africa". Fresh Dialogues. Retrieved November 1, 2013. I actually filled out the forms for her and got her a Canadian passport, and me too. Within three weeks of getting my Canadian passport, I was in Canada. 
^ Robin Keats (2013). "Rocket man". Queen's University. Archived from the original on May 4, 2015. 
^ Inspirations with Elon Musk. OnInnovation. Retrieved June 24, 2010. 
^ Junod, Tom (November 15, 2012). "Triumph of His Will". Esquire. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ Clark, Steve (September 27, 2014). "SpaceX chief: Commercial launch sites necessary step to Mars". Brownsville Herald. Retrieved September 30, 2014. 
^ a b Friedman, Josh (April 22, 2003), "Entrepreneur Tries His Midas Touch in Space", Los Angeles Times 
^ a b c "Elon Musk Biography". Advameg. August 23, 2005. 
^ a b Kidder, David; Hoffman, Reid (2013). The Startup Playbook: Secrets of the Fastest Growing Start-Ups from the founding Entrepreneurs. San Francisco, CA: Chronicle Books. pp. 2224–228. ISBN 978-1452105048. 
^ Junnarkar, Sandeep (February 16, 1999). "Compaq buys Zip2". CNET. 
^ Jackson, Erik (2004). The PayPal Wars. Los Angeles, CA: World Ahead Publishing. pp. 40, 69, 130, 163. 
^ Musk, Elon (October 8, 2003). Success Through Viral Marketing: PayPal. Entrepreneurial Thought Leaders Lecture. 
^ "The PayPal Mafia". Fortune. Retrieved July 4, 2015. 
^ "SEC 10-K" (PDF). eBay. December 31, 2002. 
^ "SEC 10-K". Paypal. December 31, 2001. 
^ McKnight, John Carter (September 25, 2001). "Elon Musk, Life to Mars Foundation". Mars Now, a weekly column. Space Frontier Foundation. 
^ Musk, Elon. "Risky Business". IEEE Spectrum. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
^ a b Vance, Ashlee (May 14, 2015). "Elon Musk's space dream almost killed Tesla". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved June 7, 2015. 
^ "How Steve Jurvetson Saved Elon Musk". Business Insider. September 14, 2012. 
^ SpaceX and Daring to Think Big – Steve Jurvetson. YouTube. January 28, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk (September 8, 2006). "SpaceX wins NASA competition to replace Space Shuttle". SpaceX. 
^ Wayne, Leslie (February 5, 2006). "A Bold Plan to Go Where Men Have Gone Before". The New York Times. Retrieved February 16, 2015. 
^ California Business Search (C2414622 - Space Exploration Technologies Corp) 
^ SpaceX 
^ Harwood, William (May 31, 2012). "SpaceX Dragon returns to Earth, ends historic trip". CBS News. Retrieved August 3, 2013. 
^ COTS 2006 Demo Competition. NASA (accessed August 26, 2014); and announcement "Commercial Orbital Transportation Services Demonstrations". January 18, 2006 (accessed August 26, 2014)
^ "NASA Awards Space Station Commercial Resupply Services Contracts". nasa.gov. NASA. 23 December 2008. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "Boeing And SpaceX Win Billion In NASA Contracts". NPR.org. National Public Radio. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "SpaceX rocket in historic upright landing". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ O'Kane, Sean (2016-05-27). "SpaceX successfully lands a Falcon 9 rocket at sea for the third time". The Verge. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "Is SpaceX Changing the Rocket Equation?". airspacemag.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Clark, Stephen. "100th Merlin 1D engine flies on Falcon 9 rocket – Spaceflight Now". Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "SpaceX completes 100th Merlin 1D Engine". SpaceX. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Carroll, Roy (July 17, 2013). "Elon Musk's mission to Mars". The Guardian. London, UK. Retrieved July 23, 2013. 
^ a b "75 most influential people: Elon Musk". Esquire. October 1, 2008. 
^ "Space Exploration Technologies Corporation Press Release". SpaceX. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ "Elon Musk: I'll Put a Man on Mars in 10 Years". Market Watch. New York. April 22, 2011. Archived from the original on December 1, 2011. Retrieved December 1, 2011. 
^ Elon Musk speaks at the Hyperloop Pod Award Ceremony (2016.1.30). January 31, 2016. Retrieved February 21, 2016 – via YouTube. 
^ "SpaceX Will Launch Private Mars Missions as Soon as 2018". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ Davenport, Christian (2016-06-13). "Elon Musk provides new details on his ‘mind blowing’ mission to Mars". Washington Post. Retrieved 2016-06-14. 
^ Chang, Kenneth (27 September 2016). "Elon Musk’s Plan: Get Humans to Mars, and Beyond". New York Times. Retrieved 27 September 2016. 
^ Lambert, Fred (November 16, 2016). "Elon Musk’s stake in SpaceX is actually worth more than his Tesla shares". Electrek. Retrieved November 17, 2016. 
^ Burns, Matt (October 8, 2014). "A Brief History of Tesla". TechCrunch. TechCrunch.com. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Nordqvist, Joseph (February 12, 2014). "Tesla Motors Inc.—Company Information". Market Business News. Archived from the original on February 12, 2014. Retrieved April 16, 2014. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 2, 2006). "The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan (just between you and me) No. 124". Tesla Motors. Archived from the original on August 2, 2010. Retrieved October 3, 2010. [self-published source]
^ Musk, Elon. "CEO Elon Musk". Tesla Motors. Retrieved October 20, 2010. 
^ Morrison, Chris (October 15, 2008). "Musk steps in as CEO". The New York Times. 
^ Graham Ruddick. "Tesla's Model X electric car spreads falcon wings at US launch". the Guardian. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Tesla Model X: Not a model launch". Fortune. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Model X". Tesla Motors. October 29, 2012. 
^ Joann Muller (June 1, 2013). "What Do Toyota And Mercedes See in Tesla? A Bit of Themselves". Forbes.com. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 2, 2006). "The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan (just between you and me)". Tesla Motors. 
^ Hamilton, Tyler (October 12, 2009). "Tesla CEO following in Henry Ford's tracks". Toronto Star. Archived from the original on October 17, 2009. 
^ Del Ray, Jason (May 29, 2013), Musk: You'll Be Able to Drive Your Tesla Cross-Country by Year's End With Supercharger Expansion, All Things D 
^ Claudia Assis; Jeremy C. Owens. "Elon Musk exercises Tesla options, pays million tax bill with own cash". MarketWatch. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ Chris Ziegler (January 29, 2016). "Elon Musk bought million more worth of Tesla this week". The Verge. Vox Media. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ "Tesla's Elon Musk worked for free last year". Fortune. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Durisin, Megan (August 10, 2013). "Musk get US$4.3 million of stock options for Model X work". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ "All Our Patent Are Belong To You". Tesla Motors. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Dana Hull (2016-02-19). "Musk Gets Tesla.com Domain Name After Waiting a Decade". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 2016-03-22. 
^ "Management Team". SolarCity. 
^ Kanellos, Michael (February 15, 2008). "Newsmaker: Elon Musk on rockets, sports cars, and solar power". CNET. 
^ "2013 Top 250 Solar Contractors". Solar Power World. September 13, 2013. 
^ The unveiling of the Tesla Motors Electric Car. Autoblog. Retrieved July 26, 2006. 
^ a b Diggelen, Alison van. "Tesla and SolarCity Collaborate on Clean Energy Storage". KQED. Retrieved June 25, 2012. 
^ Aaron Smith (June 17, 2014). "Elon Musk's sunny plans for Buffalo". CNNMoney. 
^ "Tesla Makes Offer to Acquire SolarCity". www.teslamotors.com. Retrieved 2016-06-22. 
^ "Beyond the hype of Hyperloop: An analysis of Elon Musk's proposed transit system". Gizmag.com. August 22, 2013. Retrieved August 23, 2013. 
^ Ashlee Vance. "Revealed: Elon Musk Explains the Hyperloop, the Solar-Powered High-Speed Future of Inter-City Transportation". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved April 27, 2016. 
^ "Hyperloop Update: Elon Musk Will Start Developing It Himself". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2016-03-22. 
^ "Musk announces plans to build Hyperloop demonstrator". gizmag.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 12, 2013). "Hyperloop Alpha" (PDF). SpaceX. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 12, 2013). "Hyperloop". Tesla. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ "Hyperloop Designed for Quick, Convenient Commute". ABC News. March 9, 2013. Retrieved August 15, 2013. 
^ "Hyperloop". SpaceX. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ Mazza, Sandy (January 29, 2017). "Hyperloop competition brings new mass-transit technology to life in Hawthorne". Daily Bulletin. 
^ Hawkins, Andrew J. (2017-07-14). "Talking to Hyperloop One about its big ‘Kitty Hawk’ moment — and what comes next". The Verge. Retrieved 2017-07-14. 
^ "Elon Musk Says He Has 'Verbal' OK To Build N.Y.-D.C. Hyperloop". NPR.org. Retrieved 2017-07-25. 
^ Markoff, John (December 11, 2015). "Artificial-Intelligence Research Center Is Founded by Silicon Valley Investors". The New York Times. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ Levy, Steven (December 11, 2015). "How Elon Musk and Y Combinator Plan to Stop Computers From Taking Over". Medium/Backchannel. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk launches Neuralink, a venture to merge the human brain with AI". The Verge. 2017-03-27. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Golson, Jordan (2017-01-25). "Elon Musk: "Without tunnels, we will all be in traffic hell forever"". The Verge. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ "Elon Musk Will Begin Digging His "Boring Company" Tunnel in About A Month". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ Parnell, Brid-Aine. "Elon Musk Teases Traffic-Busting Tunneling Firm 'The Boring Co.'". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ Solon, Olivia (January 26, 2017). "Elon Musk to dig tunnel to ease traffic in LA, but he doesn't yet have permission" – via The Guardian. 
^ Mazza, Sandy. "Elon Musk wants to start digging a traffic-relieving tunnel in Hawthorne ‘in a month or so’". Los Angeles Daily Times. Retrieved 2017-01-28. 
^ Chafkin, Max (16 February 2017). "Elon Musk Is Really Boring". Bloomberg. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ Heathman, Amelia. "Elon Musk's boring machine has already built a 'test trench' in LA". WIRED UK. Retrieved 2017-02-19. 
^ Werber, Cassie. "Elon Musk says tax-free carbon is "the dumbest experiment in history"". Quartz. Retrieved 30 August 2016. 
^ "Taxpayer Subsidies Helped Tesla Motors, So Why Does Elon Musk Slam Them?". Mother Jones. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Harkinson, Josh (September 2013). "Taxpayer Subsidies Helped Tesla Motors, So Why Does Elon Musk Slam Them?". Mother Jones. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Hirsch, Jerry (May 30, 2015). "Elon Musk's growing empire is fuelled by  billion in government subsidies". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved June 2, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk: The Way Of The Future". YouTube. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Team, The Transition (December 14, 2016). "President-Elect Trump Announces Additional Members of President’s Strategic and Policy Forum". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Elon Musk and the chief executive of Uber are now advising Donald Trump". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Donald Trump Adds Elon Musk, Travis Kalanick, and Indra Nooyi to His Team of Advisers". December 14, 2016. Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ OConnell, Justin (December 23, 2016). "Elon Musk, Appointed to Trump's Team of Advisories, Thinks Bitcoin Is a "Good Thing" - CryptoCoinsNews". CryptoCoinsNews. Retrieved April 16, 2017. 
^ "Elon Musk just got more involved with Trump's administration". businessinsider.com. Retrieved January 29, 2017. 
^ "US quits Paris climate pact: Reaction from around the world following the US president's decision on the Paris accord". Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ "Elon Musk anouncing departing presidential councils on Twitter". Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ Wattenberg, Ben. "Elon Musk and the frontier of Technology". Think Tank. PBS.org. Retrieved June 12, 2015. 
^ Strange, Adario (2016-11-05). "Elon Musk thinks universal income is answer to automation taking human jobs". mashable.com. Retrieved 2017-02-06. 
^ "Elon Musk on Trump presidency: 'I don't think he's the right guy'". businessinsider.in. Retrieved March 21, 2017. 
^ Lee, Dave (2017-01-26). "Elon Musk: I'm Trump's voice of reason". BBC News. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ a b "Elon Musk, SpaceX Founder, Battles Entrenched Rivals Over NASA Contracts". The Huffington Post. February 20, 2013. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ "Obama and Congress at odds over Elon Musk". fightforvotes.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Timothy P. Carney, "Carney: Green stimulus profiteer comes under IRS scrutiny", WashingtonExaminer.com, October 14, 2012.
^ a b "SpaceX blasts off literally and politically". Sunlight Foundation. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Salant, Jonathan D. (September 27, 2013). "Billionaires Battle as Bezos-Musk Companies Vie for Launch Pad". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg Business. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ Steven Kovach, "Elon Musk Says He Quit Mark Zuckerberg's PAC Because It Was Too Cynical", BusinessInsider.com, May 31, 2013.
^ a b Becker, Sean (December 11, 2013). "Elon Musk Donated to Anti-Science Republicans". Mic. Policy.Mic. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ "Going to Mars with Elon Musk". OnInnovation.com. June 2008. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ a b "Elon Musk and Rainn Wilson discuss colonizing Mars, global warming, and the fear of failure". The Verge. March 19, 2013. Retrieved June 12, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk, CEO and CTO, Space Exploration Technologies Corp (SpaceX), Peter Diamandis, CEO, X Prize Foundation and John Doerr, Venture Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers". YouTube. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Anderson, Ross (September 30, 2014). "The Elon Musk Interview on Mars Colonization". Aeon. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Gibbs, Samuel (October 27, 2014). "Elon Musk: artificial intelligence is our biggest existential threat". The Guardian. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking think we should ban killer robots". Washington Post. July 28, 2015. Archived from the original on March 8, 2016. Retrieved January 5, 2017. 
^ a b Kosoff, Maya (January 15, 2015). "Elon Musk Is Donating Million To Keep Killer Robots From Taking Over The World". Business Insider. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ Muoio, Danielle (December 11, 2015). "Elon Musk just announced a new artificial intelligence research company". Tech Insider. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Hern, Alex (June 18, 2014). "Elon Musk says he invested in DeepMind over 'Terminator' fears". Retrieved June 10, 2015 – via The Guardian. 
^ "We are living in a computer simulation, Elon Musk says". The Independent. 2016-06-02. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ Matt Hardigree. "Elon Musk Explains How He Wrecked An Uninsured Million McLaren F1". Jalopnik. 
^ Wayne, Leslie (February 5, 2006). "A Bold Plan to Go Where Men Have Gone Before". The New York Times. 
^ FlightAware. "Aircraft Registration N900SK". Retrieved June 25, 2012. 
^ Chris Woodyard,"Tesla's Elon Musk buys 007's sub to make it real", USAToday.com, October 18, 2013; accessed November 13, 2013.
^ "Tosca Musk profile at". Musk entertainment. 
^ Achenbach, Joel. "Elon Musk Wants to Go to Mars" National Geographic November 2016. p. 41.
^ "Elon Musk and SolarCity Donate Solar Power Project to Coastal Response Center in Alabama". Enhanced Online News. Business Wire. 
^ "Elon Musk Donates Solar Power Project to Soma City in Fukushima Prefecture, Japan". BusinessWire.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
^ "What it's like to own a Tesla Model S – Part 2 – The Oatmeal". theoatmeal.com. 
^ Greg Kumparak. "Elon Musk Donates Million to the Oatmeal's Nikola Tesla Museum". TechCrunch. AOL. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk donates M to keep AI beneficial, Future of Life Institute, 2015, retrieved January 20, 2015 
^ "Elon Musk Donates M To Make Sure AI Doesn't Go The Way of Skynet". Mashable. 2015. Retrieved June 21, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk". XPRIZE. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Kroll, Luisa (April 19, 2012). "The Giving Pledge Signs on 12 More Wealthy Americans Including Tesla's Elon Musk And Home Depot's Arthur Blank". Forbes. 
^ Durand Streisand, Elizabeth. "A Look at Elon Musk's Rocky Romantic History". Yahoo. Retrieved 29 May 2017. 
^ Junod, Justine (November 14, 2012). "Elon Musk: Triumph of His Will". Esquire. Retrieved November 28, 2012. 
^ Elliott, Hannah. "Elon Musk – In Photos: Forbes Life Elon Musk". Forbes. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Lai, Jennifer (January 19, 2012). "Elon Musk Divorce: Announces Split From Talulah Riley On Twitter". The Huffington Post. Retrieved July 23, 2013. 
^ "Elon Musk Divorce: Announces Split From Talulah Riley On Twitter", The Huffington Post, January 19, 2012.
^ "Billionaire Elon Musk's wife files for divorce", Mashable.com, March 21, 2016.
^ Kimble, Lindsay (November 18, 2016). "lon Musk and Talulah Riley Are Divorced for a Second Time". People. Retrieved April 24, 2017. 
^ Musk, Elon (2017-06-06). "A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!". twitter. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Australian Government. "Zolpidem ("Stilnox") – updated information – February 2008". www.tga.gov.au. Archived from the original on 2007-08-12. Retrieved 2009-06-22. 
^ Matyszczyk, Chris (2017-06-07). "Elon Musk's strange, strange Ambien tweet". CNET. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Tan, Yvette (2017-06-07). "Elon Musk's weird Ambien tweets are back". Mashable. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; Ferguson, Joshua Willard; Zalan, Daryl; Van Dyke, Christopher Hugo (November 12, 2013), United States Patent: 8579635 - Funnel shaped charge inlet, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; Ferguson, Joshua Willard; Zalan, Daryl; Van Dyke, Christopher Hugo (March 10, 2015), United States Patent: D724031 - Vehicle charge inlet, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; von Holzhausen, Franz; Lee, Bernard; Imai, David Tadashi (May 28, 2013), United States Patent: D683268 - Vehicle, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; von Holzhausen, Franz; Lee, Bernard (March 19, 2013), United States Patent: D678154 - Vehicle door, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Priorities in Space Science Enabled by Nuclear Power And Propulsion. The National Academies Press. 2006. ISBN 9780309180108. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Rocket Man". R&D. September 4, 2007. Retrieved April 20, 2016. 
^ Chafkin, Max (December 1, 2007). "Entrepreneur of the Year, 2007: Elon Musk". inc.com. 
^ "Tesla Roadster". Index. 2007. Archived from the original on January 18, 2012. 
^ "Tesla Motors team". Tesla Motors. 
^ "SpaceX successfully launches Falcon 1 to orbit". Space Exploration Technologies Corp. 2008. 
^ "Connie Awards". National Wildlife Federation. 2008. Archived from the original on June 29, 2009. 
^ Michels, Jennifer (March 4, 2009). "Aviation Week Reveals Laureate Award Winners". Aviation Week. 
^ "Space Community Gathers at National Space Society's ISDC 2009" (Press release). National Space Society. June 17, 2009. 
^ "Automotive Executive of the Year". DNV Certification. 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Favreau, Jon (April 29, 2010). "The 2010 Time 100". Time. 
^ "Barron Hilton and Elon Musk honoured with the highest FAI awards". Fédération Aéronautique Internationale. December 16, 2010. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ "Living Legend of Aviation Awards". Kittie Hawk Air Academy. 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Caltech Elects Two Innovators to Board of Trustees". 
^ "Trustee List". The California Institute of Technology. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ "Space Foundation Survey Reveals Broad Range of Space Heroes". 
^ Smith, Jacquelyn (February 14, 2011). "America's 20 Most Powerful CEOs 40 And Under". Forbes. Retrieved February 18, 2011. To make this list, you had to be the chief executive of one of the 20 biggest publicly traded companies in the U.S. (as of Feb. 11, by market capitalization) with a CEO aged 40 or under. 
^ Dula, Art (June 16, 2011). "Heinlein Prize Honors Elon Musk of SpaceX". The Heinlein Prize. 
^ "2011 Churchill Club Awards". 
^ "2012 RAeS Gold Medal". 
^ Jonathan Welsh (November 21, 2013). "Tesla's Elon Musk is Fortune Businessperson of the Year". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "IEEE Honorary Membership Recipients" (PDF). IEEE. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ "Social Concepts, Inc: We connect people ™". socialconcepts.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk Named Most Influential Person In The Car Business Teslarati, Retrieved 11 May 2016.
^ "The top 10 business visionaries creating value for the world". Business Insider. Business Insider Inc. 
^ "Philanthropists & Social Entrepreneurs Top 200: From Elon Musk to Melinda Gates, These Are the Most Influential Do-Gooders in the World". Richtopia. Retrieved 29 March 2017. 
^ "200 most influential philanthropists in the world". Naij. Retrieved 31 March 2017. 
^ "Graduation show, Art Center College of Design". Cumulusassociation.org. November 23, 2010. Retrieved August 15, 2013. 
^ Surrey celebrates its honorary graduates, Surrey celebrates graduation 2015, Surrey Graduate, Surrey Alumni Society (Autumn/Winter 2009)[dead link]
^ SEAS Celebrates Class of 2015, Honors Innovators Elon Musk and Dean Kamen, 314th commencement (Spring 2015)
^ "Elon Musk SpaceX Tesla on the Simpsons – Business Insider". Business Insider. January 27, 2015. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ "Tesla CEO Elon Musk To Appear On Upcoming Episode Of The Big Bang Theory - CBS.com". CBS. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ "‘DC’s Legends of Tomorrow’ Power Rankings, Week 2: Burn, Baby, Burn – Observer". Observer. January 29, 2016. Retrieved February 7, 2016. 
^ Field, Kyle. "Tesla Stars In "Racing Extinction" Documentary". CleanTechnica. Retrieved 11 July 2016. 
^ Bova, Dan. "'Why Him?' Director on Elon Musk's Amazing 'I Can't Come to Work Today' Excuse". entrepreneur.com. Retrieved January 29, 2017. 


Further reading

Vance, Ashlee. Elon Musk: How the Billionaire CEO of SpaceX and Tesla is Shaping our Future. Virgin Books (2015). ISBN 9780753555620. Afterthoughts by Ashlee Vance

External links

Find more aboutElon Muskat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity
Data from Wikidata



Elon Musk on IMDb
SolarCity official website
SpaceX official website
Tesla official website
Paypal official website
Open AI official website

Articles

Gimien, Mark (August 17, 1999). "Fast Track". Salon. 
Statement of Elon Musk at House Space and Aeronautics Subcommittee Hearings on the Future Market for Commercial Space (2005)
History of PayPal, gawker.com (2007)
Bailey, Brandon (2010). "Elon Musk: Will his Silicon Valley story have a Hollywood ending?". San Jose Mercury News. 
"Science Fiction Books That Inspired Elon Musk", MediaBistro.com, March 19, 2013.
"Elon Musk’s Space Dream Almost Killed Tesla" (Bloomberg, 2015)

Interviews

Appearances on C-SPAN
"An interview with Elon Musk". HobbySpace. August 5, 2003. 
"Lift off with Elon Musk". Carte Blanche. September 4, 2005. Archived from the original on September 28, 2007. 
Bergin, Chris (January 20, 2006). "SpaceX's Musk and Thompson Q and A". nasaspaceflight.com. 
Video interview of Elon Musk by Zadi Diaz of EPIC FU, June 17, 2008. Retrieved April 27, 2014
Gray, Sadie (January 4, 2009). "Forget the bungalow, retire to Mars". Sunday Times. London, UK. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
Musk profile onInnovation.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014
An interview at the Founders Showcase, August 5, 2010
Elon Musk: 'I'm planning to retire to Mars', video interview for The Guardian, August 1, 2010
60 Minutes interview; March 18, 2012.
A 20 minute interview about sending humans to Mars with BBC's Jonathan Amos, March 20, 2012
Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity, ted.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014
Musk, Elon (January 6, 2015). "I am Elon Musk, CEO/CTO of a rocket company, AMA!". Reddit.com. Retrieved January 7, 2015. 
Elon Musk Powers Up: Inside Tesla's Billion Gigafactory Fast Company (magazine), November 2015
Elon Musk Profiled, Bloomberg Risk Takers (45min) - same video on YouTube
Elon Musk: The future we're building — and boring, ted.com. Retrieved May 7, 2017



Biography portal
Business and economics portal
Cars portal
Ecology portal
Space portal
United States portal








v
t
e


Elon Musk



Companies



Zip2 (1995–1999)
PayPal (1999–2002)
SpaceX (2002–present)
Tesla Motors (2004–present)
SolarCity (2006–present)
OpenAI (2015–present)
The Boring Company (2016–present)
Neuralink (2017–present)





Other endeavors



Hyperloop
Wet Nellie





Family



Maye Musk (mother)
Justine Musk (first wife)
Talulah Riley (second and third wife)
Kimbal Musk (brother)
Tosca Musk (sister)
Lyndon Rive (cousin, CEO of SolarCity)









 Category
 WikiQuote
 Commons













v
t
e


Tesla, Inc.



People



Elon Musk (CEO, Chief Product Architect)
JB Straubel (CTO)
Franz von Holzhausen (Chief Designer)
Martin Eberhard (co-founder, inaugural CEO)








Products




Sedans



Model S
Model 3





Crossovers/SUVs



Model X





Sports cars



Roadster (discontinued)





Others



Powerwall
Autopilot








Collaborations



Mercedes A-Class E-Cell
Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive
Smart electric drive
RAV4 EV Second generation





Facilities



Tesla Factory
Gigafactory 1
Gigafactory Europe
Superchargers and battery-swapping stations
SolarCity Gigafactory





Other



History

Timeline


Dealership disputes
SolarCity









 Category
 Commons













v
t
e


PayPal Mafia



Individuals



Peter Thiel
Reid Hoffman
Max Levchin
Ken Howery
Luke Nosek
Elon Musk
Steve Chen
Keith Rabois
Chad Hurley
Roelof Botha
Jawed Karim
Yishan Wong
Eric M. Jackson
David O. Sacks
Premal Shah
Russel Simmons
Jeremy Stoppelman





Companies founded
or co-founded



PayPal
LinkedIn
YouTube
Slide.com
Yelp
Geni.com
Yammer
SpaceX
Tesla, Inc.
Palantir Technologies
Kiva.org





Investments



Friendster
Facebook
Powerset
Vator
Six Apart
Zynga
IronPort
Flickr
Digg
Grockit
Ooma
Quantcast
RapLeaf
SmartDrive Systems
TransferWise
Ping.fm
Nanosolar
Knewton
Kongregate
Last.fm
TokBox
Xoom
Joost





Funds



Founders Fund
Clarium Capital
Greylock Partners
Sequoia Capital





Other



The PayPal Wars
Thank You for Smoking
The Stanford Review












v
t
e


SpaceX



Vehicles





Rockets






Current




Falcon 9

Full Thrust








In development




Falcon 9 Block 5
Falcon Heavy
ITS launch vehicle






Retired




Falcon 1
Falcon 9

v1.0
v1.1








Cancelled




Falcon 1e
Falcon 5
Falcon 9 Air









Test vehicles




Grasshopper (retired)
F9R Dev1† (destroyed)
DragonFly






Spacecraft




Dragon
Dragon 2
Interplanetary Spaceship
ITS tanker






Reusable hardware




Recovered boosters

B1019


Reused boosters

B1021
B1029


Reused capsules

C106













Engines



Merlin (1A, 1B, 1C, 1D, Vacuum)
Kestrel
Draco
SuperDraco
Raptor
Methalox thruster





Missions





Falcon 1




Demo 1† (FalconSAT-2)
Demo 2† (DemoSat)
Flight 3†

Trailblazer
PRESat
NanoSail-D
Explorers


Ratsat
RazakSAT






Falcon 9






Demonstration flights




Dragon Spacecraft Qualification Unit
NASA COTS Demo Flight 1
Dragon C2+






Dragon ISS logistics




CRS-1
CRS-2
CRS-3
CRS-4
CRS-5
CRS-6
CRS-7†
CRS-8
CRS-9
CRS-10
CRS-11
CRS-12
CRS-13
CRS-14
CRS-15
CRS-16
CRS-17
CRS-18
CRS-19
CRS-20
(missions contracted up to CRS-26)






Commercial satellites




SES-8
Thaicom 6
Orbcomm OG2 × 6
AsiaSat 8
AsiaSat 6
ABS-3A / Eutelsat 115 West B
TürkmenÄlem 52°E
Orbcomm OG2 × 11
SES-9
JCSAT-14
Thaicom 8
ABS-2A / Eutelsat 117 West B
JCSAT-16
Amos-6†
Iridium NEXT 1–10
EchoStar 23
SES-10
Inmarsat-5 F4
BulgariaSat-1
Iridium NEXT 11–20
Intelsat 35e
SES-11
Iridium NEXT 21–30
Koreasat 5A
Iridium NEXT 31–40
Paz
Bangabandhu-1
Iridium NEXT 41–50
SES-16 / GovSat-1
Hispasat 30W-6






Scientific satellites




CASSIOPE
DSCOVR
Jason-3
FormoSat-5
SAOCOM 1A






Military satellites




NROL-76
X-37B OTV-5









Falcon Heavy




Demo Flight
ArabSat 6A
USAF STP-2

DSX
FormoSat-7
LightSail 2
GPIM
DSAC
ISAT


Moon tourists
ViaSat 3
Red Dragon








Launch sites





Orbital




Cape Canaveral, Florida

CCAFS Launch Complex 40
Kennedy Launch Pad 39A


Vandenberg, California

Launch Complex 4E


Brownsville, Texas

Boca Chica


Kwajalein, Marshall Islands

Omelek Island†








Suborbital




McGregor test site
New Mexico test site†








Landing sites



Autonomous spaceport drone ships
Landing Zone 1, Cape Canaveral
Launch Complex 4W, Vandenberg





Other facilities



Headquarters and factory (Hawthorne, California)
Rocket development and test facility (McGregor, Texas)
Satellite development facility (Redmond, Washington)
Regional offices (Chantilly, Houston, Seattle, Washington DC)





Contracts



Commercial Orbital Transportation Services (COTS)
Commercial Resupply Services (CRS)
Commercial Crew Development (CCDev)
Commercial Crew integrated Capability (CCiCap)





R&D programs



SpaceX reusable launch system development program
Falcon 9 first-stage landing tests
Interplanetary Transport System
Red Dragon
SpaceX satellite constellation





People



Elon Musk (CEO, CTO)
Gwynne Shotwell (President & COO)
Tom Mueller (Vice President of Propulsion Development)






Italics indicate unflown vehicles and future missions or sites. † denotes failed missions, destroyed vehicles and abandoned sites.







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 306339060
LCCN: n2014017754
ISNI: 0000 0004 2658 2862
GND: 1062481119
NDL: 001156447










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Elon_Musk&oldid=792423717"					
Categories: Elon Musk1971 births20th-century American businesspeople20th-century American engineers21st-century American businesspeople21st-century American engineersAlumni of Pretoria Boys High SchoolAmerican aerospace businesspeopleAmerican aerospace designersAmerican aerospace engineersAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican chief executives in the automobile industryAmerican chief executives of energy companiesAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican chief executives of manufacturing companiesAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer programmersAmerican corporate directorsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican founders of automobile manufacturersAmerican inventorsAmerican investorsAmerican libertariansAmerican nonprofit executivesAmerican people of British descentAmerican people of Canadian descentAmerican philanthropistsAmerican software engineersAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersAmerican transhumanistsAmerican transportation businesspeopleAutomotive pioneersBasic income proponentsBusinesspeople from Los AngelesBusinesspeople in softwareCalifornia Institute of Technology trusteesChief technology officersEngineers from CaliforniaGiving PledgersLiving peopleHyperloopPayPal peoplePeople associated with solar powerPeople from PretoriaPeople with acquired Canadian citizenshipPioneers of rail transportRoyal Aeronautical Society Gold Medal winnersSouth African emigrants to the United StatesSouth African people of Canadian descentSouth African people of British descentSouth African people of German descentSpace advocatesSpaceX peopleStanford University peopleSustainable transport pioneersTesla Inc. peopleTranshumanistsWharton School of the University of Pennsylvania alumniWhite South African peoplePeople with acquired American citizenship21st-century inventors20th-century Canadian businesspeople21st-century Canadian businesspeopleSouth African business executivesCanadian aerospace engineersSouth African engineersCanadian billionairesSouth African billionairesCanadian chief executivesSouth African chief executivesCanadian computer businesspeopleCanadian computer programmersSouth African computer programmersCanadian corporate directorsSouth African corporate directorsCanadian inventorsSouth African inventorsCanadian financial company foundersSouth African company foundersCanadian investorsSouth African investorsCanadian libertariansCanadian nonprofit executivesCanadian people of British descentCanadian people of South African descentCanadian philanthropistsSouth African philanthropistsCanadian software engineersCanadian technology chief executivesCanadian technology company foundersCanadian transhumanistsCanadian people of German descentAmerican people of Pennsylvania Dutch descentHidden categories: CS1 French-language sources (fr)Accuracy disputes from May 2015All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2016Wikipedia semi-protected pagesUse American English from November 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from February 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with failed verificationArticles with failed verification from October 2015Wikipedia articles in need of updating from March 2016All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBoarischBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalegoગુજરાતી한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLumbaartMagyarमैथिलीMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीМонголNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayZazakiŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 12:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Elon Musk - Wikipedia




















 







Elon Musk

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 26 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Elon Musk



A headshot of Elon Musk in 2015.



Born
Elon Reeve Musk
(1971-06-28) June 28, 1971 (age 46)
Pretoria, Transvaal (now Gauteng), South Africa


Residence
Bel Air, Los Angeles, California, U.S.[1][2]


Citizenship



South African (1971–present)
Canadian (1989–present)
American (2002–present)





Alma mater
Queen's University
University of Pennsylvania[3][4]


Occupation
Entrepreneur, Engineer, Inventor, and Investor


Known for
SpaceX, PayPal, Tesla Inc., Hyperloop, SolarCity, OpenAI, The Boring Company, Neuralink, Zip2


Net worth
US$16.1 billion (July 2017)[5]


Title
CEO and CTO of SpaceX
CEO and product architect of Tesla, Inc.
CEO of Neuralink
Chairman of SolarCity
Co-chairman of OpenAI


Spouse(s)



Justine Musk (m. 2000; div. 2008)
Talulah Riley (m. 2010–div. 2012; m. 2013–div. 2016)[6][7]





Children
6


Parent(s)
Maye Musk (mother)
Errol Graham Musk (father)


Relatives
Tosca Musk (sister)
Kimbal Musk (brother)
Lyndon Rive (cousin)


Signature





Elon Reeve Musk (/ˈiːlɒn ˈmʌsk/; born June 28, 1971) is a South African-born Canadian-American business magnate, investor,[8][9] engineer,[10] and inventor.[15]
Elon is the founder, CEO, and CTO of SpaceX; a co-founder,[16] a Series A investor, CEO, and product architect of Tesla Inc.; co-chairman of OpenAI; founder and CEO of Neuralink. He was previously co-founder and chairman of SolarCity; co-founder of Zip2; and founder of X.com, which merged with Confinity and took the name PayPal.[21] As of July 2017, he has an estimated net worth of $16.1 billion, making him the 80th-wealthiest person in the world.[22] In December 2016, Musk was ranked 21st on the Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[23]
Musk has stated that the goals of SolarCity, Tesla, and SpaceX revolve around his vision to change the world and humanity.[24] His goals include reducing global warming through sustainable energy production and consumption, and reducing the "risk of human extinction" by "making life multiplanetary"[25][26] by establishing a human colony on Mars.
In addition to his primary business pursuits, he has also envisioned a high-speed transportation system known as the Hyperloop, and has proposed a VTOL supersonic jet aircraft with electric fan propulsion, known as the Musk electric jet.[27][28]
Elon also proposed the concept of The Boring Company in 2017.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 Early childhood
1.2 Education


2 Career

2.1 Zip2
2.2 X.com and PayPal
2.3 SpaceX
2.4 Tesla
2.5 SolarCity
2.6 Hyperloop
2.7 OpenAI
2.8 Neuralink
2.9 The Boring Company


3 Subsidies
4 Political positions

4.1 Lobbying


5 Opinions

5.1 Destiny and religion
5.2 Extraterrestrial life
5.3 Artificial intelligence


6 Personal life

6.1 Philanthropy
6.2 Family
6.3 Zolpidem usage


7 Patents
8 Awards and recognition

8.1 Honorary doctorates


9 In popular media
10 References
11 Further reading
12 External links

12.1 Articles
12.2 Interviews





Early life
Early childhood
Musk was born on June 28, 1971, in Pretoria, Transvaal, South Africa,[29] the son of Maye Musk (née Haldeman), a model and dietician from Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada;[30] and Errol Musk, a South African electromechanical engineer, pilot and sailor. He has a younger brother, Kimbal (born 1972), and a younger sister, Tosca (born 1974).[34] His paternal grandmother was British, and he also has Pennsylvania Dutch ancestry.[35][36] His maternal grandfather was American, from Minnesota.[37] After his parents divorced in 1980, Musk lived mostly with his father in the suburbs of Pretoria.[35]
During his childhood he was an avid reader.[38]
At age 10, he developed an interest in computing with the Commodore VIC-20.[39] He taught himself computer programming at the age of 12, sold the code for a BASIC-based video game he created called Blastar, to a magazine called PC and Office Technology, for approximately $500.[40][41] A web version of the game is available online.[40][42]
Musk was severely bullied throughout his childhood, and was once hospitalized when a group of boys threw him down a flight of stairs and then beat him until he lost consciousness.[38]
Musk was initially educated at private schools, attending the English-speaking Waterkloof House Preparatory School. Musk later graduated from Pretoria Boys High School and moved to Canada in June 1989, just before his 18th birthday,[43] after obtaining Canadian citizenship through his Canadian-born mother.[44][45]`
Education
At the age of 17, Musk was accepted into Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, for undergraduate study. In 1992, after spending two years at Queen's University, Musk transferred to the University of Pennsylvania, where in May 1997 he received a Bachelor of Science degree in physics from its College of Arts and Sciences, and a Bachelor of Science degree in economics from its Wharton School of Business. Musk extended his studies for one year to finish the second bachelor's degree.[38][46] While at the University of Pennsylvania, Musk and fellow Penn student Adeo Ressi rented a 10-bedroom fraternity house, using it as an unofficial nightclub.[38]
In 1995, at age 24, Musk moved to California to begin a PhD in applied physics and materials science at Stanford University, but left the program after two days to pursue his entrepreneurial aspirations in the areas of the Internet, renewable energy and outer space.[41][47] In 2002, he became a U.S. citizen.[48][49]
Career
Zip2
Main article: Zip2
In 1995, Musk and his brother, Kimbal, started Zip2, a web software company, with US$28,000 of their father's money.[38] The company developed and marketed an Internet "city guide" for the newspaper publishing industry.[50] Musk obtained contracts with The New York Times and the Chicago Tribune[51] and persuaded the board of directors to abandon plans for a merger with CitySearch.[52] While at Zip2, Musk wanted to become CEO; however, none of the board members would allow it.[38] Compaq acquired Zip2 for US$307 million in cash and US$34 million in stock options in February 1999.[53] Musk received US$22 million for his 7% share from the sale.[51]
X.com and PayPal
Main article: PayPal
In March 1999, Musk co-founded X.com, an online financial services and e-mail payment company, with US$10 million from the sale of Zip2.[43][50][52] One year later, the company merged with Confinity,[51][54] which had a money transfer service called PayPal. The merged company focused on the PayPal service and was renamed PayPal in 2001. PayPal's early growth was driven mainly by a viral marketing campaign where new customers were recruited when they received money through the service.[55] Musk was ousted in October 2000 from his role as CEO (although he remained on the board) due to disagreements with other company leadership, notably over his desire to move PayPal's Unix-based infrastructure to Microsoft Windows.[56] In October 2002, PayPal was acquired by eBay for US$1.5 billion in stock, of which Musk received US$165 million.[57] Before its sale, Musk, who was the company's largest shareholder, owned 11.7% of PayPal's shares.[58]
SpaceX
Main article: SpaceX
In 2001, Musk conceptualized "Mars Oasis"; a project to land a miniature experimental greenhouse on Mars, containing food crops growing on Martian regolith, in an attempt to regain public interest in space exploration.[59][60] In October 2001, Musk travelled to Moscow with Jim Cantrell (an aerospace supplies fixer), and Adeo Ressi (his best friend from college), to buy refurbished Dnepr Intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) that could send the envisioned payloads into space. The group met with companies such as NPO Lavochkin and Kosmotras; however, according to Cantrell, Musk was seen as a novice and was consequently spat on by one of the Russian chief designers,[61] and the group returned to the United States empty-handed. In February 2002, the group returned to Russia to look for three ICBMs, bringing along Mike Griffin, who had worked for the CIA's venture capital arm, In-Q-Tel; NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory; and was just leaving Orbital Sciences, a maker of satellites and spacecraft. The group met again with Kosmotras, and were offered one rocket for US$8 million, however, this was seen by Musk as too expensive; Musk consequently stormed out of the meeting. On the flight back from Moscow, Musk realized that he could start a company that could build the affordable rockets he needed.[61] According to early Tesla and SpaceX investor Steve Jurvetson,[62] Musk calculated that the raw materials for building a rocket actually were only 3 percent of the sales price of a rocket at the time. It was concluded that theoretically, by applying vertical integration and the modular approach from software engineering, SpaceX could cut launch price by a factor of ten and still enjoy a 70-percent gross margin.[63] Ultimately, Musk ended up founding SpaceX with the long-term goal of creating a "true spacefaring civilization".[64]




Musk and President Barack Obama at the Falcon 9 launch site in 2010


With US$100 million of his early fortune,[65] Musk founded Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, in May 2002.[66] Musk is chief executive officer (CEO) and chief technology officer (CTO) of the Hawthorne, California-based company. SpaceX develops and manufactures space launch vehicles with a focus on advancing the state of rocket technology. The company's first two launch vehicles are the Falcon 1 and Falcon 9 rockets (a nod to Star Wars' Millennium Falcon), and its first spacecraft is the Dragon (a nod to Puff the Magic Dragon).[67] In seven years, SpaceX designed the family of Falcon launch vehicles and the Dragon multipurpose spacecraft. In September 2008, SpaceX's Falcon 1 rocket became the first privately funded liquid-fueled vehicle to put a satellite into Earth orbit.[38] On May 25, 2012, the SpaceX Dragon vehicle berthed with the ISS, making history as the first commercial company to launch and berth a vehicle to the International Space Station.[68]
In 2006, SpaceX was awarded a contract from NASA to continue the development and test of the SpaceX Falcon 9 launch vehicle and Dragon spacecraft in order to transport cargo to the International Space Station,[69][not in citation given] followed by a US$1.6 billion NASA Commercial Resupply Services program contract on December 23, 2008, for 12 flights of its Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station, replacing the US Space Shuttle after it retired in 2011.[70] Astronaut transport to the ISS is currently handled solely by the Soyuz, but SpaceX is one of two companies awarded a contract by NASA as part of the Commercial Crew Development program, which is intended to develop a US astronaut transport capability by 2018.[71] On 22 December 2015, SpaceX successfully landed the first stage of its Falcon rocket back at the launch pad. This was the first time in history such a feat had been achieved by an orbital rocket and is a significant step towards rocket reusability lowering the costs of access to space.[72] This first stage recovery was replicated several times in 2016 by landing on an Autonomous spaceport drone ship, an ocean based recovery platform.[73]
SpaceX is both the largest private producer of rocket engines in the world, and holder of the record for highest thrust-to-weight ratio for a rocket engine.[74] SpaceX has produced more than 100 operational Merlin 1D engines, currently the world's most powerful engine for its weight.[75] The relatively immense power to weight ratio allows each Merlin 1D engine to vertically lift the weight of 40 average family cars. In combination, the 9 Merlin engines in the Falcon 9 first stage produces anywhere from 5.8 to 6.7 MN (1.3 to 1.5 million pounds) of thrust, depending on altitude.[76]
Musk was influenced by Isaac Asimov's Foundation series[77] and views space exploration as an important step in preserving and expanding the consciousness of human life.[78] Musk said that multiplanetary life may serve as a hedge against threats to the survival of the human species.

An asteroid or a super volcano could destroy us, and we face risks the dinosaurs never saw: an engineered virus, inadvertent creation of a micro black hole, catastrophic global warming or some as-yet-unknown technology could spell the end of us. Humankind evolved over millions of years, but in the last sixty years atomic weaponry created the potential to extinguish ourselves. Sooner or later, we must expand life beyond this green and blue ball—or go extinct.

Musk's goal is to reduce the cost of human spaceflight by a factor of 10.[79] In a 2011 interview, he said he hopes to send humans to Mars' surface within 10–20 years.[80] In Ashlee Vance's biography, Musk stated that he wants to establish a Mars colony by 2040, with a population of 80,000.[39] Musk stated that, since Mars' atmosphere lacks oxygen, all transportation would have to be electric (electric cars, electric trains, Hyperloop, electric aircraft).[81] Space X intends to launch a Dragon spacecraft on a Falcon Heavy in 2018 to soft-land on Mars - this is intended to be the first of a regular cargo mission supply-run to Mars building up to later crewed flights.[82] Musk stated in June 2016 that the first unmanned flight of the larger Mars Colonial Transporter (MCT) spacecraft is aimed for departure to the red planet in 2022, to be followed by the first manned MCT Mars flight departing in 2024.[83] In September 2016, Musk revealed details of his plan to explore and colonize Mars.[84] By 2016, Musk's private trust holds 54% of SpaceX stock, equivalent to 78% of voting shares.[85]
Tesla
Main article: Tesla, Inc.
Tesla, Inc. (originally Tesla Motors) was incorporated in July 2003 by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning, who financed the company until the Series A round of funding.[86]
Both men played active roles in the company's early development prior to Elon Musk's involvement.[87] Musk led the Series A round of investment in February 2004, joining Tesla's board of directors as its chairman.[88] Musk took an active role within the company and oversaw Roadster product design at a detailed level, but was not deeply involved in day-to-day business operations.[89]
Following the financial crisis in 2008,[90] Musk assumed leadership of the company as CEO and product architect, positions he still holds today. Tesla Motors first built an electric sports car, the Tesla Roadster in 2008, with sales of about 2,500 vehicles to 31 countries. Tesla began delivery of its four-door Model S sedan on June 22, 2012. It unveiled its third product, the Model X, aimed at the SUV/minivan market, on February 9, 2012; the Model X launch was however delayed until September 2015.[91][92][93] In addition to its own cars, Tesla sells electric powertrain systems to Daimler for the Smart EV, Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive and Mercedes A Class and to Toyota for the RAV4 EV. Musk was able to bring in both companies as long-term investors in Tesla.[94]







Musk observing an assembly demo at the reopening of the NUMMI plant, now known as the Tesla Factory (Fremont, California) in 2010









Musk standing in front of a Tesla Model S in 2011









Musk and Senator Dianne Feinstein next to a Tesla Model S (2010)




Musk has favored building a sub-US$30,000 compact Tesla model and building and selling electric vehicle powertrain components so that other automakers can produce electric vehicles at affordable prices without having to develop the products in-house; this led to the Model 3 that is planned to have a base price of US$35,000.[95] Several mainstream publications have compared him with Henry Ford for his work on advanced vehicle powertrains.[96]
In a May 2013 interview with All Things Digital, Musk said that to overcome the range limitations of electric cars, Tesla is "dramatically accelerating" its network of supercharger stations, tripling the number on the East and West coasts of the U.S. that June, with plans for more expansion across North America, including Canada, throughout the year.[97] As of January 29, 2016, Musk owns about 28.9 million Tesla shares, which equates to about 22% of the company.[98][99]
As of 2014, Musk's annual salary is one dollar, similar to Steve Jobs and other CEOs, the remainder of his compensation is in the form of stock and performance-based bonuses.[100][101]
In 2014, Musk announced that Tesla would allow its technology patents to be used by anyone in good faith in a bid to entice automobile manufacturers to speed up development of electric cars. "The unfortunate reality is electric car programs (or programs for any vehicle that doesn't burn hydrocarbons) at the major manufacturers are small to non-existent, constituting an average of far less than 1% of their total vehicle sales", Musk said.[102]
In February 2016, Musk announced that he had acquired the Tesla.com domain name from Stu Grossman, who had owned it since 1992 and changed Tesla's homepage to that domain.[103]
SolarCity
Main article: SolarCity
Musk provided the initial concept and financial capital for SolarCity, which was then co-founded in 2006 by his cousins Lyndon and Peter Rive.[104][105] SolarCity is now the second largest provider of solar power systems in the United States.[106]
The underlying motivation for funding both SolarCity and Tesla is to help combat global warming.[107] In 2012, Musk announced that SolarCity and Tesla are collaborating to use electric vehicle batteries to smooth the impact of rooftop solar on the power grid, with the program going live in 2013.[108]
On June 17, 2014, Musk committed to building in Buffalo, New York, a SolarCity advanced production facility that would triple the size of the largest solar plant in the United States. Musk stated the plant will be "one of the single largest solar panel production plants in the world", and it will be followed by one or more even bigger facilities in subsequent years.[109][needs update]
In June 2016, Musk's car company, Tesla, formally submitted an offer to acquire SolarCity.[110]
Hyperloop
Main articles: Hyperloop and Hyperloop pod competition
On August 12, 2013, Musk unveiled a concept for a high-speed transportation system incorporating reduced-pressure tubes in which pressurized capsules ride on an air cushion driven by linear induction motors and air compressors.[111] The mechanism for releasing the concept was an alpha-design document that, in addition to scoping out the technology, outlined a notional route where such a transport system might be built: between the Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area.[112]
After earlier envisioning Hyperloop, Musk assigned a dozen engineers from Tesla and SpaceX who worked for nine months, establishing the conceptual foundations and creating the designs for the transportation system.[113][114] An early design for the system was then published in a whitepaper posted to the Tesla and SpaceX blogs.[115][116][117] Musk's proposal, if technologically feasible at the costs he has cited, would make Hyperloop travel cheaper than any other mode of transport for such long distances. The alpha design was proposed to use a partial vacuum to reduce aerodynamic drag, which it is theorized would allow for high-speed travel with relatively low power, with certain other features like air-bearing skis and an inlet compressor to reduce air drag. The alpha design document estimated the total cost of an LA-to-SF Hyperloop system at US$6 billion, but this amount is speculative.[118]
In June 2015, Musk announced a design competition for students and others to build Hyperloop pods to operate on a SpaceX-sponsored mile-long track in a 2015–2017 Hyperloop pod competition. The track was used in January 2017, and Musk also started building a tunnel.[119]
Hyperloop One, a company unaffiliated with Musk, had announced that it had done its first successful test run on its DevLoop track in Nevada on July 13, 2017. It was on May 12, 2017 at 12:02 A.M and had lasted 5.3 seconds, reaching a top speed of 70 mph.[120]
On July 25, 2017, Elon Musk announced that he had gotten approval from the Department of Transportation to build a hyperloop from New York City to Washington D.C stopping in both Philadelphia and Baltimore.[121]
OpenAI
Main article: OpenAI
In December 2015, Elon Musk announced the creation of OpenAI, a not-for-profit artificial intelligence (AI) research company. OpenAI aims to develop artificial general intelligence in a way that is safe and beneficial to humanity.[122]
By making AI available to everyone, OpenAI wants to "counteract large corporations who may gain too much power by owning super-intelligence systems devoted to profits, as well as governments which may use AI to gain power and even oppress their citizenry".[123]
Neuralink
Main article: Neuralink
In 2016, Musk co-founded Neuralink, a neurotechnology startup company, to integrate the human brain with artificial intelligence. The company, which is still in the earliest stages of existence, is centered on creating devices that can be implanted in the human brain, with the eventual purpose of helping human beings merge with software and keep pace with advancements in artificial intelligence. These enhancements could improve memory or allow for more direct interfacing with computing devices.[124]
The Boring Company
Main article: The Boring Company
On December 17, 2016, while stuck in traffic, Musk tweeted "Am going to build a tunnel boring machine and just start digging..." The company was named 'The Boring Company'.[125] On January 21, 2017, Musk tweeted "Exciting progress on the tunnel front. Plan to start digging in a month or so."[126] The first tunnel will start on the SpaceX campus,[127] and will probably go to a nearby parking garage. As of January 26, 2017, discussions with regulatory bodies have begun,[128] but no requests for permits to dig in the Los Angeles area have yet been filed with the California Department of Transportation.[129]
In February 2017, the company began digging a 30-foot-wide, 50-foot-long, and 15-foot-deep "test trench" on the premises of Space X's offices in Los Angeles, since the construction requires no permits.[130][131]
Subsidies
Musk has stated that he does not believe the U.S. government should provide subsidies to companies but should instead use a carbon tax to price in the negative externality of air pollution and discourage "bad behavior." Musk argues that the free market would achieve the "best solution," and that producing environmentally unfriendly vehicles should come with its own consequences.[132]
Musk's statements have been widely criticized, with Stanford University Professor Fred Turner noting that "if you're an entrepreneur like Elon Musk, you will take the money where you can get it, but at the same time believe as a matter of faith that it's entrepreneurship and technology that are the sources of social change, not the state. It is not quite self-delusion, but there is a habit of thinking of oneself as a free-standing, independent agent, and of not acknowledging the subsidies that one received. And this goes on all the time in Silicon Valley."[133] Author Michael Shellenberger argued that "in the case of Musk, it is hard not to read that as a kind of defensiveness. And I think there is a business reason for it. They are dealing with a lot of investors for whom subsidies are not the basis for a long-term viable business, and they often want to exaggerate the speed with which they are going to be able to become independent." Shellenberger continues, "we would all be better off if these entrepreneurs were a bit more grateful, a bit more humble." While journalist and author Jim Motavalli, who interviewed Musk for High Voltage, his 2011 book about the electric vehicle industry, speculated that "Elon is now looking at it from the point of view of a winner, and he doesn't want to see other people win because they get government money – I do think there is a tendency of people, once they have succeeded, to want to pull the ladder up after them."[134]
In 2015, Musk's statements were subject to further scrutiny when an LA Times article claimed that SpaceX, Tesla, SolarCity and buyers of their products had or were projected to receive together an estimated US$4.9 billion in government subsidies over twenty years. One example given is New York state, which is spending $750 million to build a solar panel factory in Buffalo which will be leased to SolarCity for $1 a year. The deal also includes no property taxes for a decade, an estimated $260 million valuation. Musk employs a former U.S. State Department official as the chief negotiator for Tesla.[135]
Political positions




Musk speaking alongside Irish Taoiseach (Prime Minister) Enda Kenny


Politically, Musk has described himself as "half Democrat, half Republican." In his own words: "I'm somewhere in the middle, socially liberal and fiscally conservative."[136] In 2016, Musk became a member of two of then President-elect Donald Trump's presidential advisory committees (the Strategic and Policy Forum[137][138][139][140] and Manufacturing Jobs Initiative)[141] but resigned from both in 2017, in protest at Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement on climate change.[142][143]
Musk has described himself as "nauseatingly pro-American." According to Musk, the United States is "[inarguably] the greatest country that has ever existed on Earth," describing it as "the greatest force for good of any country that's ever been." Musk believes outright that there "would not be democracy in the world if not for the United States," arguing there were "three separate occasions in the 20th-century where democracy would have fallen with World War I, World War II and the Cold War, if not for the United States." Musk also stated that he thinks "it would be a mistake to say the United States is perfect, it certainly is not. There have been many foolish things the United States has done and bad things the United States has done."[144]
Prompted by the emergence of self-driving cars and Artificial Intelligence, Musk has voiced support for a Universal Basic Income.[145]
Prior to the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Musk criticized candidate Trump by saying: "I feel a bit stronger that he is probably not the right guy. He doesn't seem to have the sort of character that reflects well on the United States."[146] Following Donald Trump's inauguration, Musk expressed approval of Trump's choice of Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State and accepted an invitation to appear on a panel advising President Trump. Regarding his cooperation with Trump, Musk has subsequently commented: "The more voices of reason that the President hears, the better."[147]
Lobbying
In an interview with the Washington Post, Musk stated he was a "significant (though not top-tier) donor to Democrats, but that he also gives heavily to Republicans." Musk further stated, "in order to have your voice be heard in Washington, you have to make some little contribution."[148][149]
A recent report from the Sunlight Foundation (a nonpartisan group that tracks government spending), found that "SpaceX has spent over US$4 million on lobbying Congress since it was established in 2002 and doled out more than US$800,000 in political contributions" to Democrats and Republicans. The same report noted that "SpaceX's campaign to win political support has been systematic and sophisticated", and that "unlike most tech-startups, SpaceX has maintained a significant lobbying presence in Washington almost since day 1". The report further noted that "Musk himself has donated roughly US$725,000 to various campaigns since 2002. In 2004, he contributed US$2,000 to President George W. Bush's reelection campaign, maxing out (over US$100,000)[150] to Obama's reelection campaign and donated US$5,000 to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who represents Florida, a state critical to the space industry. (...) All told, Musk and SpaceX gave out roughly US$250,000 in the 2012 election cycle."[148][151] Additionally, SpaceX hired former Republican Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott to represent the company, via the Washington-based lobbying group Patton Boggs LLP. Alongside Patton Boggs LLP, SpaceX uses several other outside lobbying firms, who work alongside SpaceX's own lobbyists.[152]
Musk had been a supporter of the U.S. political action committee (PAC) FWD.us, which was started by fellow high-profile entrepreneur Mark Zuckerberg and advocates for immigration reform. However, in May 2013, Musk publicly withdrew his support in protest of advertisements the PAC was running that supported causes like the Keystone Pipeline. Musk and other members, including David O. Sacks, pulled out, criticizing the strategy as "cynical".[153] Musk further stated, "we shouldn't give in to the politics. If we give in to that, we'll get the political system we deserve."[154]
In December 2013, Sean Becker of the media/political website Mic called Musk a "complete hypocrite", stating that "[for] the 2014 election cycle, Musk has contributed to the Longhorn PAC and the National Republican Congressional Committee — both of which have funded the campaigns of anti-science, anti-environment candidates such as Rep. Michelle Bachman (R-Minn.)."[154] Musk has directly contributed to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who has been accused of holding similar positions regarding climate change.[151]
Opinions
Destiny and religion
When asked whether he believed "there was some kind of destiny involved" in humanity's transition to a multi-planetary species, rather than "just physics", Musk responded:

Well, I do. Do I think that there's some sort of master intelligence architecting all of this stuff? I think probably not because then you have to say: "Where does the master intelligence come from?" So it sort of begs the question. So I think really you can explain this with the fundamental laws of physics. You know its complex phenomenon from simple elements.[155]

Musk has stated that he does not pray, or worship any being, although previously admitted to praying before an important Falcon 1 launch, asking "any entities that [were] listening" to "bless [the] launch". When asked whether he believed "religion and science could co-exist", Musk replied "probably not".[156]
Extraterrestrial life
Although Musk believes "there is a good chance that there is simple life on other planets", he "questions whether there is other intelligent life in the known universe".[156] Musk later clarified his "hope that there is other intelligent life in the known universe", and stated that it is "probably more likely than not, but that's a complete guess."[157]
Musk has also considered the simulation hypothesis as a potential solution to the Fermi paradox:

The absence of any noticeable life may be an argument in favour of us being in a simulation.... Like when you're playing an adventure game, and you can see the stars in the background, but you can't ever get there. If it's not a simulation, then maybe we're in a lab and there's some advanced alien civilization that's just watching how we develop, out of curiosity, like mould in a petri dish.... If you look at our current technology level, something strange has to happen to civilizations, and I mean strange in a bad way. ... And it could be that there are a whole lot of dead, one-planet civilizations.[158]

Artificial intelligence
Musk has frequently spoken out about the potential dangers of artificial intelligence, declaring it "the most serious threat to the survival of the human race". During an interview at the MIT AeroAstro Centennial Symposium, Musk described AI as "[humanity's] biggest existential threat", further stating, "I'm increasingly inclined to think that there should be some regulatory oversight, maybe at the national and international level, just to make sure that we don't do something very foolish." Musk described the creation of artificial intelligence as "summoning the demon".[159][160]
Despite this, Musk has previously invested in DeepMind, an AI firm, and Vicarious, a company working to improve machine intelligence. In January 2015, he donated $10 million to the Future of Life Institute, an organization focused on challenges posed by advanced technologies.[161] He is the co-chairman of OpenAI, a nonprofit artificial intelligence research company.[162]
Musk has said that his investments are, "not from the standpoint of actually trying to make any investment return... I like to just keep an eye on what's going on with artificial intelligence". Musk continued, "There have been movies about this, you know, like Terminator – there are some scary outcomes. And we should try to make sure the outcomes are good, not bad."[163]
In June 2016, he was asked whether he thinks humans live in a computer simulation, to which he answered "probably". Elaborated as follows:

The strongest argument for us probably being in a simulation I think is the following: 40 years ago we had Pong – two rectangles and a dot. That's where we were. Now 40 years later we have photorealistic, 3D simulations with millions of people playing simultaneously and it's getting better every year. And soon we'll have virtual reality, we'll have augmented reality. If you assume any rate of improvement at all, then the games will become indistinguishable from reality, just indistinguishable.[164]

Personal life
Musk owned a McLaren F1 supercar, which he crashed while it was uninsured.[165] He also previously owned an Aero L-39, a Czech-made jet trainer aircraft .[166]
The 1994 model Dassault Falcon 900 aircraft used in the 2005 film Thank You for Smoking is registered to Musk (N900SX),[167] and Musk had a cameo as the pilot of his plane, opening the door for Robert Duvall and escorting Aaron Eckhart aboard. Musk owns Wet Nellie, the Lotus Esprit from the James Bond film The Spy Who Loved Me. He plans to convert it into the functional car-submarine from the film.[168]
Musk attended the Burning Man festival in 2004 and has said he first thought up the idea for SolarCity at the festival.[108]
Tosca Musk, Elon's sister, is a filmmaker. She is the founder of Musk Entertainment and has produced various movies.[169]
Musk stated that he wants to die on Mars, just not on impact.[170]
Philanthropy
Musk is chairman of the Musk Foundation, which focuses its philanthropic efforts on providing solar-power energy systems in disaster areas. In 2010, the Musk Foundation collaborated with SolarCity to donate a 25-kW solar power system to the South Bay Community Alliance's (SBCA) hurricane response center in Coden, Alabama.[171] In July 2011, the Musk Foundation donated US$250,000 towards a solar power project in Sōma, Japan, a city that had been recently devastated by tsunami.[172]
In July 2014, Musk was asked by cartoonist Matthew Inman and William Terbo, the grandnephew of Nikola Tesla, to donate US$8 million toward the construction of the Tesla Science Center at Wardenclyffe.[173] Ultimately, Musk agreed to donate US$1 million toward the project and additionally pledged to build a Tesla Supercharger in the museum car park.[174]
Musk donated US$10 million to the Future of Life Institute in January 2015, to run a global research program aimed at keeping artificial intelligence beneficial to humanity.[175][161][176]
As of 2015, Musk is a trustee of the X Prize Foundation[177] and a signatory of The Giving Pledge.[178]
Family
Musk met his first wife, Canadian author Justine Wilson, while both were students at Ontario's Queen's University. They married in 2000 and separated in 2008.[179]
Their first son, Nevada Alexander Musk, died of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) at the age of ten weeks.[180] They later had five sons through in vitro fertilization – twins in 2004, followed by triplets in 2006 – all of whom they share custody.[181]
In 2008, Musk began dating English actress Talulah Riley, and in 2010, the couple married. In January 2012, Musk announced that he had ended his four-year relationship with Riley,[33][182] tweeting to Riley, "It was an amazing four years. I will love you forever. You will make someone very happy one day."[183] In July 2013, Musk and Riley remarried. In December 2014, Musk filed for a second divorce from Riley, however, the action was withdrawn.[7] It was announced in March 2016 that divorce proceedings were again under way, this time with Riley filing for divorce from Musk.[184] The divorce was finalized in late 2016.[185]
Zolpidem usage
In an apparent self-admission of mixing Zolpidem and alcohol, Musk tweeted in June 2017 "A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!".[186] Health authorities advise to not take Zolpidem together with alcohol, which can be a highly addictive combination and increase the risk of experiencing dangerous side-effects.[187] Musk gained media attention for advocating a dangerous drug combination publicly on his social media.[188][189]
Patents


Title
Application number
Grant number
Application date
Grant date
Original assignee


Funnel shaped charge inlet[190]
13/549185
8579635
2012-07-13
2013-11-12
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle charge inlet[191]
29/427056
D724031
2012-07-13
2015-03-10
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle[192]
29/412833
D683268
2012-02-08
2013-05-28
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle door[193]
29/412841
D678154
2012-02-08
2013-03-19
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Awards and recognition

In 2006, Musk served as a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences Aeronautics and Space Engineering Board.[194]
R&D Magazine Innovator of the Year for 2007 for SpaceX, Tesla, and SolarCity.[195]
Inc Magazine Entrepreneur of the Year award for 2007 for his work on Tesla and SpaceX.[196]
2007 Index Design award for his design of the Tesla Roadster.[197] Global Green 2006 product design award for his design of the Tesla Roadster, presented by Mikhail Gorbachev.[198]
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics George Low award for the most outstanding contribution in the field of space transportation in 2007/2008. Musk was recognized for his design of the Falcon 1, the first privately developed liquid-fuel rocket to reach orbit.[199]
National Wildlife Federation 2008 National Conservation Achievement award for Tesla and SolarCity. Other 2008 recipients include journalist Thomas Friedman, U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT), and Florida Governor Charlie Crist.[200]
The Aviation Week 2008 Laureate for the most significant achievement worldwide in the space industry.[201]
National Space Society's Von Braun Trophy in 2008/2009, given for leadership of the most significant achievement in space. Prior recipients include Burt Rutan and Steve Squyres.[202]
Automotive Executive of the Year (worldwide) in 2010 for demonstrating technology leadership and innovation via Tesla. Prior awardees include Bill Ford Jr, Bob Lutz, Dieter Zetsche and Lee Iacocca. Musk is the youngest ever recipient of this award.[203]
Listed as one of Time's 100 people who most affected the world in 2010.[204]
The world governing body for aerospace records, Fédération Aéronautique Internationale, presented Musk in 2010 with the highest award in air and space, the FAI Gold Space Medal, for designing the first privately developed rocket to reach orbit. Prior recipients include Neil Armstrong, Burt Rutan of Scaled Composites and John Glenn.[205]
Named as one of the 75 most influential people of the 21st century by Esquire magazine.[78]
Recognized as a Living Legend of Aviation in 2010 by the Kitty Hawk Foundation for creating the successor to the Space Shuttle (Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft). Other recipients include Buzz Aldrin and Richard Branson.[206]
In 2010, Musk was elected to the board of trustees of the California Institute of Technology,[207] however no longer holds the position.[208]
In a 2010 Space Foundation survey, he was ranked as the No. 10 (tied with rocketry pioneer and scientist Wernher von Braun) most popular space hero.[209]
In February 2011, Forbes listed Musk as one of "America's 20 Most Powerful CEOs 40 And Under".[210]
In June 2011, Musk was awarded the US$250,000 Heinlein Prize for Advances in Space Commercialization[211]
In 2011, Musk was honored as a Legendary Leader at the Churchill Club Awards.[212]
In 2012, Musk was awarded the Royal Aeronautical Society's highest award: a Gold Medal.[213]
Musk was the 2012 recipient of Smithsonian magazine's American Ingenuity Award in the Technology category.
In 2013, Musk was named the Fortune Businessperson of the year for SpaceX, SolarCity, and Tesla.[214]
In 2015, he was awarded IEEE Honorary Membership.[215]
As of 2015, Musk serves on the board of advisors of Social Concepts, Inc.[216]
In 2016, The Drive, a division of Time, named Musk the most influential person in the car business and as the second most influential person in the automotive tech sector.[217]
In June 2016, Business Insider named Musk one of the "Top 10 Business Visionaries Creating Value for the World" along with Mark Zuckerberg and Sal Khan.[218]
In December 2016, Musk was ranked 21st on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[23]
In March 2017, Musk was listed by UK-based company Richtopia at number 3 in the list of 200 Most Influential Philanthropists and Social Entrepreneurs.[219][220]

Honorary doctorates

Honorary doctorate in Design from the Art Center College of Design[221]
Honorary doctorate (DUniv) in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Surrey[222]
Honorary doctorate of Engineering and Technology from Yale University[223]

In popular media
In the 2005 film Thank You for Smoking, Musk had a cameo as the pilot of his own plane, opening the door for the Captain (Robert Duvall) and escorting Nick Naylor (Aaron Eckhart) aboard. In Iron Man 2 (2010), he met Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) in a restaurant, and had some brief lines regarding an "idea for an electric jet". In 2014, he was satirized in the South Park episode "Handicar". He later made a guest appearance in three more episodes of South Park in 2016, this time voicing himself in the episodes "Members Only", "Not Funny", and "The End of Serialization as We Know It." In January 2015, he made a guest appearance playing himself on The Simpsons in an episode titled "The Musk Who Fell to Earth"; the episode poked fun at many of the inventor's ideas.[224]
In November 2015, Musk appeared in an episode of The Big Bang Theory, playing himself, volunteering at a soup kitchen with Howard.[225] In 2016 Musk was referenced by Dr. Martin Stein on The CW time-travel TV show DC's Legends of Tomorrow. During a time travel to the past, Stein meets his younger self and introduced himself as Elon Musk, to disguise his own identity.[226] Following the same TV universe on The CW, in the DC Superhero series The Flash, one of the characters[who?] quoted that he wished he'd be like Elon Musk on alternate universes.[citation needed]
Musk was also featured in the 2015 environmental documentary Racing Extinction, in which a custom Tesla Model S was designed to help project images of critically endangered species onto public buildings, including the Empire State Building and the Vatican.[227]
In 2016 Musk appeared as himself in the romantic comedy film Why Him? where he was briefly met by one of the main characters, Ned Flemming played by Bryan Cranston, in a bar at a party.[228]
References


^ "Billionaire Tesla CEO Elon Musk Buys Neighbor's Home in Bel Air For Million". Forbes. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ "Inside Elon Musk's M Bel Air Mansion". Bloomberg News. Retrieved August 21, 2013. 
^ Hull, Dana (April 11, 2014). "Timeline: Elon Musk's accomplishments". Retrieved June 11, 2015 – via Mercury News. 
^ Zanerhaft, Jaron (2013). "Elon Musk: Patriarchs and Prodigies". CSQ. C-Suite Quarterly. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ "The World's Billionaires List". Forbes. Retrieved July 25, 2017. 
^ "Actor Talulah Riley files to divorce billionaire Elon Musk, again". The Guardian. March 21, 2016. Retrieved April 20, 2016. The pair first married in 2010 and divorced in 2012. They remarried 18 months later. 
^ a b "Elon Musk withdraws Talulah Riley divorce papers after being spotted at Allen & Company conference". Mail Online. August 5, 2015. 
^ Curtis, Sophie (November 10, 2014). "Elon Musk 'to launch fleet of internet satellites'". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved June 23, 2015. Elon Musk, inventor and business magnate 
^ Vance, Ashlee (September 13, 2012). "Elon Musk, the 21st Century Industrialist". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved June 23, 2015. 
^ "Early Career Engineers, Conferences and Careers". asme.org. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Bellis, Mary. "Biography of Elon Musk". inventors.about.com. About.com. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ "The Top 10 Venture Capitalists on 2014's Midas List". Forbes. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Albergotti, Reed (March 21, 2014). "Zuckerberg, Musk Invest in Artificial Intelligence Company". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Love, Dylan (March 21, 2014). "Elon Musk And Mark Zuckerberg Have Invested Million in a Mysterious Artificial Intelligence Company". Business Insider. Business Insider. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ [11][12][13][14]
^ Shanklin, Emily (27 March 2017). "Elon Musk". SpaceX. Retrieved 17 June 2017. 
^ Martin LaMonica (September 21, 2009). "Tesla Motors founders: Now there are five". CNET. 
^ "A Brief history of Tesla". Tech Crunch. January 4, 2013. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Tesla was founded not by Elon Musk, but rather by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning in July 2003. The two bootstrapped the fledgling auto company until Elon Musk led the company's  million Series A financing round in February 2004, when Musk became the company's Chairman of the Board. 
^ Hardy, Quentin; Bilton, Nick (March 16, 2014). "Start-Ups Aim to Conquer Space Market". The New York Times. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Space Exploration Technologies, or Space X, started by the Tesla founder Elon Musk 
^ "Trust Your Own Focus Group of One". Entrepreneur.com. April 11, 2014. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Elon Musk, founder of PayPal, Tesla and SpaceX 
^ [17][18][19][20]
^ "Elon Musk". Forbes.com. Retrieved 21 March 2017. 
^ a b "The World's Most Powerful People". Forbes. December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Youtube Video - Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity". 
^ Why Invest In Making Life Multi-Planetary? Elon Musk. December 13, 2011. Retrieved February 21, 2016 – via YouTube. 
^ Ross Andersen (September 30, 2014). "Elon Musk puts his case for a multi-planet civilisation". Aeon. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ Jonathan Charlton. "Elon Musk 'Toying' with Designs for Electric Jet". Aviation.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk on dodging a nervous breakdown (2013). YouTube. March 16, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk (South African entrepreneur)". Britannica Online Encyclopedia. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ a b His Biography author Ashlee Vance interviewed on the TV show Triangulation on the TWiT.tv network, discussion of his family starts around the 15th minute
^ Friend, Tad (2009). "Plugged In". The New Yorker. 85 (23–30): 53. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ Masia, Seth (May 2011). "A Family Leads to the Installer Universe". Solar Today. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ a b Elliott, Hannah (March 3, 2012). "At Home With Elon Musk: The (Soon-to-Be) Bachelor Billionaire". Forbes. Retrieved August 12, 2013. 
^ [30][31][32][33]
^ a b Hall, Dana (April 11, 2014). "Rocket Man: The otherworldly ambitions of Elon Musk". San Jose Mercury News. Retrieved April 14, 2014. 
^ Hannah Elliott. "At Home With Elon Musk: The (Soon-to-Be) Bachelor Billionaire". Forbes. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ "Tweet". February 5, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g Vance, Ashlee (2015). Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future. ISBN 978-0062301239. 
^ a b Pierre Haski (May 28, 2015). "Elon Musk (Tesla, SpaceX): génie ou prédateur de la Silicon Valley?" (in French). rue89.nouvelobs.com. 
^ a b "Play the PC game Elon Musk wrote as a pre-teen". 
^ a b Belfiore, Michael (2007). "Chapter 7: Orbit on a Shoestring". Rocketeers. Harper Collins. pp. 166–95. ISBN 978-0-06-114902-3. 
^ "Blastar for HTML5". blastar-1984.appspot.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ a b "37 Interesting Facts about Elon Musk, One of the Most Innovative Entrepreneurs of Our Time". BoomsBeat.com. February 14, 2014. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Davis, Johnny (August 4, 2007). "One more giant leap". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ Diggelen, Alison van (February 7, 2013). "Iron Man, Growing up in South Africa". Fresh Dialogues. Retrieved November 1, 2013. I actually filled out the forms for her and got her a Canadian passport, and me too. Within three weeks of getting my Canadian passport, I was in Canada. 
^ Robin Keats (2013). "Rocket man". Queen's University. Archived from the original on May 4, 2015. 
^ Inspirations with Elon Musk. OnInnovation. Retrieved June 24, 2010. 
^ Junod, Tom (November 15, 2012). "Triumph of His Will". Esquire. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ Clark, Steve (September 27, 2014). "SpaceX chief: Commercial launch sites necessary step to Mars". Brownsville Herald. Retrieved September 30, 2014. 
^ a b Friedman, Josh (April 22, 2003), "Entrepreneur Tries His Midas Touch in Space", Los Angeles Times 
^ a b c "Elon Musk Biography". Advameg. August 23, 2005. 
^ a b Kidder, David; Hoffman, Reid (2013). The Startup Playbook: Secrets of the Fastest Growing Start-Ups from the founding Entrepreneurs. San Francisco, CA: Chronicle Books. pp. 2224–228. ISBN 978-1452105048. 
^ Junnarkar, Sandeep (February 16, 1999). "Compaq buys Zip2". CNET. 
^ Jackson, Erik (2004). The PayPal Wars. Los Angeles, CA: World Ahead Publishing. pp. 40, 69, 130, 163. 
^ Musk, Elon (October 8, 2003). Success Through Viral Marketing: PayPal. Entrepreneurial Thought Leaders Lecture. 
^ "The PayPal Mafia". Fortune. Retrieved July 4, 2015. 
^ "SEC 10-K" (PDF). eBay. December 31, 2002. 
^ "SEC 10-K". Paypal. December 31, 2001. 
^ McKnight, John Carter (September 25, 2001). "Elon Musk, Life to Mars Foundation". Mars Now, a weekly column. Space Frontier Foundation. 
^ Musk, Elon. "Risky Business". IEEE Spectrum. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
^ a b Vance, Ashlee (May 14, 2015). "Elon Musk's space dream almost killed Tesla". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved June 7, 2015. 
^ "How Steve Jurvetson Saved Elon Musk". Business Insider. September 14, 2012. 
^ SpaceX and Daring to Think Big – Steve Jurvetson. YouTube. January 28, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk (September 8, 2006). "SpaceX wins NASA competition to replace Space Shuttle". SpaceX. 
^ Wayne, Leslie (February 5, 2006). "A Bold Plan to Go Where Men Have Gone Before". The New York Times. Retrieved February 16, 2015. 
^ California Business Search (C2414622 - Space Exploration Technologies Corp) 
^ SpaceX 
^ Harwood, William (May 31, 2012). "SpaceX Dragon returns to Earth, ends historic trip". CBS News. Retrieved August 3, 2013. 
^ COTS 2006 Demo Competition. NASA (accessed August 26, 2014); and announcement "Commercial Orbital Transportation Services Demonstrations". January 18, 2006 (accessed August 26, 2014)
^ "NASA Awards Space Station Commercial Resupply Services Contracts". nasa.gov. NASA. 23 December 2008. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "Boeing And SpaceX Win Billion In NASA Contracts". NPR.org. National Public Radio. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "SpaceX rocket in historic upright landing". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ O'Kane, Sean (2016-05-27). "SpaceX successfully lands a Falcon 9 rocket at sea for the third time". The Verge. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "Is SpaceX Changing the Rocket Equation?". airspacemag.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Clark, Stephen. "100th Merlin 1D engine flies on Falcon 9 rocket – Spaceflight Now". Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "SpaceX completes 100th Merlin 1D Engine". SpaceX. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Carroll, Roy (July 17, 2013). "Elon Musk's mission to Mars". The Guardian. London, UK. Retrieved July 23, 2013. 
^ a b "75 most influential people: Elon Musk". Esquire. October 1, 2008. 
^ "Space Exploration Technologies Corporation Press Release". SpaceX. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ "Elon Musk: I'll Put a Man on Mars in 10 Years". Market Watch. New York. April 22, 2011. Archived from the original on December 1, 2011. Retrieved December 1, 2011. 
^ Elon Musk speaks at the Hyperloop Pod Award Ceremony (2016.1.30). January 31, 2016. Retrieved February 21, 2016 – via YouTube. 
^ "SpaceX Will Launch Private Mars Missions as Soon as 2018". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ Davenport, Christian (2016-06-13). "Elon Musk provides new details on his ‘mind blowing’ mission to Mars". Washington Post. Retrieved 2016-06-14. 
^ Chang, Kenneth (27 September 2016). "Elon Musk’s Plan: Get Humans to Mars, and Beyond". New York Times. Retrieved 27 September 2016. 
^ Lambert, Fred (November 16, 2016). "Elon Musk’s stake in SpaceX is actually worth more than his Tesla shares". Electrek. Retrieved November 17, 2016. 
^ Burns, Matt (October 8, 2014). "A Brief History of Tesla". TechCrunch. TechCrunch.com. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Nordqvist, Joseph (February 12, 2014). "Tesla Motors Inc.—Company Information". Market Business News. Archived from the original on February 12, 2014. Retrieved April 16, 2014. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 2, 2006). "The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan (just between you and me) No. 124". Tesla Motors. Archived from the original on August 2, 2010. Retrieved October 3, 2010. [self-published source]
^ Musk, Elon. "CEO Elon Musk". Tesla Motors. Retrieved October 20, 2010. 
^ Morrison, Chris (October 15, 2008). "Musk steps in as CEO". The New York Times. 
^ Graham Ruddick. "Tesla's Model X electric car spreads falcon wings at US launch". the Guardian. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Tesla Model X: Not a model launch". Fortune. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Model X". Tesla Motors. October 29, 2012. 
^ Joann Muller (June 1, 2013). "What Do Toyota And Mercedes See in Tesla? A Bit of Themselves". Forbes.com. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 2, 2006). "The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan (just between you and me)". Tesla Motors. 
^ Hamilton, Tyler (October 12, 2009). "Tesla CEO following in Henry Ford's tracks". Toronto Star. Archived from the original on October 17, 2009. 
^ Del Ray, Jason (May 29, 2013), Musk: You'll Be Able to Drive Your Tesla Cross-Country by Year's End With Supercharger Expansion, All Things D 
^ Claudia Assis; Jeremy C. Owens. "Elon Musk exercises Tesla options, pays million tax bill with own cash". MarketWatch. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ Chris Ziegler (January 29, 2016). "Elon Musk bought million more worth of Tesla this week". The Verge. Vox Media. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ "Tesla's Elon Musk worked for free last year". Fortune. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Durisin, Megan (August 10, 2013). "Musk get US$4.3 million of stock options for Model X work". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ "All Our Patent Are Belong To You". Tesla Motors. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Dana Hull (2016-02-19). "Musk Gets Tesla.com Domain Name After Waiting a Decade". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 2016-03-22. 
^ "Management Team". SolarCity. 
^ Kanellos, Michael (February 15, 2008). "Newsmaker: Elon Musk on rockets, sports cars, and solar power". CNET. 
^ "2013 Top 250 Solar Contractors". Solar Power World. September 13, 2013. 
^ The unveiling of the Tesla Motors Electric Car. Autoblog. Retrieved July 26, 2006. 
^ a b Diggelen, Alison van. "Tesla and SolarCity Collaborate on Clean Energy Storage". KQED. Retrieved June 25, 2012. 
^ Aaron Smith (June 17, 2014). "Elon Musk's sunny plans for Buffalo". CNNMoney. 
^ "Tesla Makes Offer to Acquire SolarCity". www.teslamotors.com. Retrieved 2016-06-22. 
^ "Beyond the hype of Hyperloop: An analysis of Elon Musk's proposed transit system". Gizmag.com. August 22, 2013. Retrieved August 23, 2013. 
^ Ashlee Vance. "Revealed: Elon Musk Explains the Hyperloop, the Solar-Powered High-Speed Future of Inter-City Transportation". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved April 27, 2016. 
^ "Hyperloop Update: Elon Musk Will Start Developing It Himself". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2016-03-22. 
^ "Musk announces plans to build Hyperloop demonstrator". gizmag.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 12, 2013). "Hyperloop Alpha" (PDF). SpaceX. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 12, 2013). "Hyperloop". Tesla. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ "Hyperloop Designed for Quick, Convenient Commute". ABC News. March 9, 2013. Retrieved August 15, 2013. 
^ "Hyperloop". SpaceX. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ Mazza, Sandy (January 29, 2017). "Hyperloop competition brings new mass-transit technology to life in Hawthorne". Daily Bulletin. 
^ Hawkins, Andrew J. (2017-07-14). "Talking to Hyperloop One about its big ‘Kitty Hawk’ moment — and what comes next". The Verge. Retrieved 2017-07-14. 
^ "Elon Musk Says He Has 'Verbal' OK To Build N.Y.-D.C. Hyperloop". NPR.org. Retrieved 2017-07-25. 
^ Markoff, John (December 11, 2015). "Artificial-Intelligence Research Center Is Founded by Silicon Valley Investors". The New York Times. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ Levy, Steven (December 11, 2015). "How Elon Musk and Y Combinator Plan to Stop Computers From Taking Over". Medium/Backchannel. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk launches Neuralink, a venture to merge the human brain with AI". The Verge. 2017-03-27. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Golson, Jordan (2017-01-25). "Elon Musk: "Without tunnels, we will all be in traffic hell forever"". The Verge. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ "Elon Musk Will Begin Digging His "Boring Company" Tunnel in About A Month". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ Parnell, Brid-Aine. "Elon Musk Teases Traffic-Busting Tunneling Firm 'The Boring Co.'". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ Solon, Olivia (January 26, 2017). "Elon Musk to dig tunnel to ease traffic in LA, but he doesn't yet have permission" – via The Guardian. 
^ Mazza, Sandy. "Elon Musk wants to start digging a traffic-relieving tunnel in Hawthorne ‘in a month or so’". Los Angeles Daily Times. Retrieved 2017-01-28. 
^ Chafkin, Max (16 February 2017). "Elon Musk Is Really Boring". Bloomberg. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ Heathman, Amelia. "Elon Musk's boring machine has already built a 'test trench' in LA". WIRED UK. Retrieved 2017-02-19. 
^ Werber, Cassie. "Elon Musk says tax-free carbon is "the dumbest experiment in history"". Quartz. Retrieved 30 August 2016. 
^ "Taxpayer Subsidies Helped Tesla Motors, So Why Does Elon Musk Slam Them?". Mother Jones. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Harkinson, Josh (September 2013). "Taxpayer Subsidies Helped Tesla Motors, So Why Does Elon Musk Slam Them?". Mother Jones. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Hirsch, Jerry (May 30, 2015). "Elon Musk's growing empire is fuelled by  billion in government subsidies". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved June 2, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk: The Way Of The Future". YouTube. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Team, The Transition (December 14, 2016). "President-Elect Trump Announces Additional Members of President’s Strategic and Policy Forum". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Elon Musk and the chief executive of Uber are now advising Donald Trump". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Donald Trump Adds Elon Musk, Travis Kalanick, and Indra Nooyi to His Team of Advisers". December 14, 2016. Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ OConnell, Justin (December 23, 2016). "Elon Musk, Appointed to Trump's Team of Advisories, Thinks Bitcoin Is a "Good Thing" - CryptoCoinsNews". CryptoCoinsNews. Retrieved April 16, 2017. 
^ "Elon Musk just got more involved with Trump's administration". businessinsider.com. Retrieved January 29, 2017. 
^ "US quits Paris climate pact: Reaction from around the world following the US president's decision on the Paris accord". Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ "Elon Musk anouncing departing presidential councils on Twitter". Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ Wattenberg, Ben. "Elon Musk and the frontier of Technology". Think Tank. PBS.org. Retrieved June 12, 2015. 
^ Strange, Adario (2016-11-05). "Elon Musk thinks universal income is answer to automation taking human jobs". mashable.com. Retrieved 2017-02-06. 
^ "Elon Musk on Trump presidency: 'I don't think he's the right guy'". businessinsider.in. Retrieved March 21, 2017. 
^ Lee, Dave (2017-01-26). "Elon Musk: I'm Trump's voice of reason". BBC News. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ a b "Elon Musk, SpaceX Founder, Battles Entrenched Rivals Over NASA Contracts". The Huffington Post. February 20, 2013. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ "Obama and Congress at odds over Elon Musk". fightforvotes.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Timothy P. Carney, "Carney: Green stimulus profiteer comes under IRS scrutiny", WashingtonExaminer.com, October 14, 2012.
^ a b "SpaceX blasts off literally and politically". Sunlight Foundation. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Salant, Jonathan D. (September 27, 2013). "Billionaires Battle as Bezos-Musk Companies Vie for Launch Pad". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg Business. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ Steven Kovach, "Elon Musk Says He Quit Mark Zuckerberg's PAC Because It Was Too Cynical", BusinessInsider.com, May 31, 2013.
^ a b Becker, Sean (December 11, 2013). "Elon Musk Donated to Anti-Science Republicans". Mic. Policy.Mic. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ "Going to Mars with Elon Musk". OnInnovation.com. June 2008. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ a b "Elon Musk and Rainn Wilson discuss colonizing Mars, global warming, and the fear of failure". The Verge. March 19, 2013. Retrieved June 12, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk, CEO and CTO, Space Exploration Technologies Corp (SpaceX), Peter Diamandis, CEO, X Prize Foundation and John Doerr, Venture Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers". YouTube. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Anderson, Ross (September 30, 2014). "The Elon Musk Interview on Mars Colonization". Aeon. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Gibbs, Samuel (October 27, 2014). "Elon Musk: artificial intelligence is our biggest existential threat". The Guardian. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking think we should ban killer robots". Washington Post. July 28, 2015. Archived from the original on March 8, 2016. Retrieved January 5, 2017. 
^ a b Kosoff, Maya (January 15, 2015). "Elon Musk Is Donating Million To Keep Killer Robots From Taking Over The World". Business Insider. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ Muoio, Danielle (December 11, 2015). "Elon Musk just announced a new artificial intelligence research company". Tech Insider. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Hern, Alex (June 18, 2014). "Elon Musk says he invested in DeepMind over 'Terminator' fears". Retrieved June 10, 2015 – via The Guardian. 
^ "We are living in a computer simulation, Elon Musk says". The Independent. 2016-06-02. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ Matt Hardigree. "Elon Musk Explains How He Wrecked An Uninsured Million McLaren F1". Jalopnik. 
^ Wayne, Leslie (February 5, 2006). "A Bold Plan to Go Where Men Have Gone Before". The New York Times. 
^ FlightAware. "Aircraft Registration N900SK". Retrieved June 25, 2012. 
^ Chris Woodyard,"Tesla's Elon Musk buys 007's sub to make it real", USAToday.com, October 18, 2013; accessed November 13, 2013.
^ "Tosca Musk profile at". Musk entertainment. 
^ Achenbach, Joel. "Elon Musk Wants to Go to Mars" National Geographic November 2016. p. 41.
^ "Elon Musk and SolarCity Donate Solar Power Project to Coastal Response Center in Alabama". Enhanced Online News. Business Wire. 
^ "Elon Musk Donates Solar Power Project to Soma City in Fukushima Prefecture, Japan". BusinessWire.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
^ "What it's like to own a Tesla Model S – Part 2 – The Oatmeal". theoatmeal.com. 
^ Greg Kumparak. "Elon Musk Donates Million to the Oatmeal's Nikola Tesla Museum". TechCrunch. AOL. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk donates M to keep AI beneficial, Future of Life Institute, 2015, retrieved January 20, 2015 
^ "Elon Musk Donates M To Make Sure AI Doesn't Go The Way of Skynet". Mashable. 2015. Retrieved June 21, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk". XPRIZE. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Kroll, Luisa (April 19, 2012). "The Giving Pledge Signs on 12 More Wealthy Americans Including Tesla's Elon Musk And Home Depot's Arthur Blank". Forbes. 
^ Durand Streisand, Elizabeth. "A Look at Elon Musk's Rocky Romantic History". Yahoo. Retrieved 29 May 2017. 
^ Junod, Justine (November 14, 2012). "Elon Musk: Triumph of His Will". Esquire. Retrieved November 28, 2012. 
^ Elliott, Hannah. "Elon Musk – In Photos: Forbes Life Elon Musk". Forbes. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Lai, Jennifer (January 19, 2012). "Elon Musk Divorce: Announces Split From Talulah Riley On Twitter". The Huffington Post. Retrieved July 23, 2013. 
^ "Elon Musk Divorce: Announces Split From Talulah Riley On Twitter", The Huffington Post, January 19, 2012.
^ "Billionaire Elon Musk's wife files for divorce", Mashable.com, March 21, 2016.
^ Kimble, Lindsay (November 18, 2016). "lon Musk and Talulah Riley Are Divorced for a Second Time". People. Retrieved April 24, 2017. 
^ Musk, Elon (2017-06-06). "A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!". twitter. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Australian Government. "Zolpidem ("Stilnox") – updated information – February 2008". www.tga.gov.au. Archived from the original on 2007-08-12. Retrieved 2009-06-22. 
^ Matyszczyk, Chris (2017-06-07). "Elon Musk's strange, strange Ambien tweet". CNET. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Tan, Yvette (2017-06-07). "Elon Musk's weird Ambien tweets are back". Mashable. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; Ferguson, Joshua Willard; Zalan, Daryl; Van Dyke, Christopher Hugo (November 12, 2013), United States Patent: 8579635 - Funnel shaped charge inlet, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; Ferguson, Joshua Willard; Zalan, Daryl; Van Dyke, Christopher Hugo (March 10, 2015), United States Patent: D724031 - Vehicle charge inlet, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; von Holzhausen, Franz; Lee, Bernard; Imai, David Tadashi (May 28, 2013), United States Patent: D683268 - Vehicle, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; von Holzhausen, Franz; Lee, Bernard (March 19, 2013), United States Patent: D678154 - Vehicle door, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Priorities in Space Science Enabled by Nuclear Power And Propulsion. The National Academies Press. 2006. ISBN 9780309180108. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Rocket Man". R&D. September 4, 2007. Retrieved April 20, 2016. 
^ Chafkin, Max (December 1, 2007). "Entrepreneur of the Year, 2007: Elon Musk". inc.com. 
^ "Tesla Roadster". Index. 2007. Archived from the original on January 18, 2012. 
^ "Tesla Motors team". Tesla Motors. 
^ "SpaceX successfully launches Falcon 1 to orbit". Space Exploration Technologies Corp. 2008. 
^ "Connie Awards". National Wildlife Federation. 2008. Archived from the original on June 29, 2009. 
^ Michels, Jennifer (March 4, 2009). "Aviation Week Reveals Laureate Award Winners". Aviation Week. 
^ "Space Community Gathers at National Space Society's ISDC 2009" (Press release). National Space Society. June 17, 2009. 
^ "Automotive Executive of the Year". DNV Certification. 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Favreau, Jon (April 29, 2010). "The 2010 Time 100". Time. 
^ "Barron Hilton and Elon Musk honoured with the highest FAI awards". Fédération Aéronautique Internationale. December 16, 2010. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ "Living Legend of Aviation Awards". Kittie Hawk Air Academy. 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Caltech Elects Two Innovators to Board of Trustees". 
^ "Trustee List". The California Institute of Technology. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ "Space Foundation Survey Reveals Broad Range of Space Heroes". 
^ Smith, Jacquelyn (February 14, 2011). "America's 20 Most Powerful CEOs 40 And Under". Forbes. Retrieved February 18, 2011. To make this list, you had to be the chief executive of one of the 20 biggest publicly traded companies in the U.S. (as of Feb. 11, by market capitalization) with a CEO aged 40 or under. 
^ Dula, Art (June 16, 2011). "Heinlein Prize Honors Elon Musk of SpaceX". The Heinlein Prize. 
^ "2011 Churchill Club Awards". 
^ "2012 RAeS Gold Medal". 
^ Jonathan Welsh (November 21, 2013). "Tesla's Elon Musk is Fortune Businessperson of the Year". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "IEEE Honorary Membership Recipients" (PDF). IEEE. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ "Social Concepts, Inc: We connect people ™". socialconcepts.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk Named Most Influential Person In The Car Business Teslarati, Retrieved 11 May 2016.
^ "The top 10 business visionaries creating value for the world". Business Insider. Business Insider Inc. 
^ "Philanthropists & Social Entrepreneurs Top 200: From Elon Musk to Melinda Gates, These Are the Most Influential Do-Gooders in the World". Richtopia. Retrieved 29 March 2017. 
^ "200 most influential philanthropists in the world". Naij. Retrieved 31 March 2017. 
^ "Graduation show, Art Center College of Design". Cumulusassociation.org. November 23, 2010. Retrieved August 15, 2013. 
^ Surrey celebrates its honorary graduates, Surrey celebrates graduation 2015, Surrey Graduate, Surrey Alumni Society (Autumn/Winter 2009)[dead link]
^ SEAS Celebrates Class of 2015, Honors Innovators Elon Musk and Dean Kamen, 314th commencement (Spring 2015)
^ "Elon Musk SpaceX Tesla on the Simpsons – Business Insider". Business Insider. January 27, 2015. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ "Tesla CEO Elon Musk To Appear On Upcoming Episode Of The Big Bang Theory - CBS.com". CBS. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ "‘DC’s Legends of Tomorrow’ Power Rankings, Week 2: Burn, Baby, Burn – Observer". Observer. January 29, 2016. Retrieved February 7, 2016. 
^ Field, Kyle. "Tesla Stars In "Racing Extinction" Documentary". CleanTechnica. Retrieved 11 July 2016. 
^ Bova, Dan. "'Why Him?' Director on Elon Musk's Amazing 'I Can't Come to Work Today' Excuse". entrepreneur.com. Retrieved January 29, 2017. 


Further reading

Vance, Ashlee. Elon Musk: How the Billionaire CEO of SpaceX and Tesla is Shaping our Future. Virgin Books (2015). ISBN 9780753555620. Afterthoughts by Ashlee Vance

External links

Find more aboutElon Muskat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity
Data from Wikidata



Elon Musk on IMDb
SolarCity official website
SpaceX official website
Tesla official website
Paypal official website
Open AI official website

Articles

Gimien, Mark (August 17, 1999). "Fast Track". Salon. 
Statement of Elon Musk at House Space and Aeronautics Subcommittee Hearings on the Future Market for Commercial Space (2005)
History of PayPal, gawker.com (2007)
Bailey, Brandon (2010). "Elon Musk: Will his Silicon Valley story have a Hollywood ending?". San Jose Mercury News. 
"Science Fiction Books That Inspired Elon Musk", MediaBistro.com, March 19, 2013.
"Elon Musk’s Space Dream Almost Killed Tesla" (Bloomberg, 2015)

Interviews

Appearances on C-SPAN
"An interview with Elon Musk". HobbySpace. August 5, 2003. 
"Lift off with Elon Musk". Carte Blanche. September 4, 2005. Archived from the original on September 28, 2007. 
Bergin, Chris (January 20, 2006). "SpaceX's Musk and Thompson Q and A". nasaspaceflight.com. 
Video interview of Elon Musk by Zadi Diaz of EPIC FU, June 17, 2008. Retrieved April 27, 2014
Gray, Sadie (January 4, 2009). "Forget the bungalow, retire to Mars". Sunday Times. London, UK. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
Musk profile onInnovation.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014
An interview at the Founders Showcase, August 5, 2010
Elon Musk: 'I'm planning to retire to Mars', video interview for The Guardian, August 1, 2010
60 Minutes interview; March 18, 2012.
A 20 minute interview about sending humans to Mars with BBC's Jonathan Amos, March 20, 2012
Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity, ted.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014
Musk, Elon (January 6, 2015). "I am Elon Musk, CEO/CTO of a rocket company, AMA!". Reddit.com. Retrieved January 7, 2015. 
Elon Musk Powers Up: Inside Tesla's Billion Gigafactory Fast Company (magazine), November 2015
Elon Musk Profiled, Bloomberg Risk Takers (45min) - same video on YouTube
Elon Musk: The future we're building — and boring, ted.com. Retrieved May 7, 2017



Biography portal
Business and economics portal
Cars portal
Ecology portal
Space portal
United States portal








v
t
e


Elon Musk



Companies



Zip2 (1995–1999)
PayPal (1999–2002)
SpaceX (2002–present)
Tesla Motors (2004–present)
SolarCity (2006–present)
OpenAI (2015–present)
The Boring Company (2016–present)
Neuralink (2017–present)





Other endeavors



Hyperloop
Wet Nellie





Family



Maye Musk (mother)
Justine Musk (first wife)
Talulah Riley (second and third wife)
Kimbal Musk (brother)
Tosca Musk (sister)
Lyndon Rive (cousin, CEO of SolarCity)









 Category
 WikiQuote
 Commons













v
t
e


Tesla, Inc.



People



Elon Musk (CEO, Chief Product Architect)
JB Straubel (CTO)
Franz von Holzhausen (Chief Designer)
Martin Eberhard (co-founder, inaugural CEO)








Products




Sedans



Model S
Model 3





Crossovers/SUVs



Model X





Sports cars



Roadster (discontinued)





Others



Powerwall
Autopilot








Collaborations



Mercedes A-Class E-Cell
Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive
Smart electric drive
RAV4 EV Second generation





Facilities



Tesla Factory
Gigafactory 1
Gigafactory Europe
Superchargers and battery-swapping stations
SolarCity Gigafactory





Other



History

Timeline


Dealership disputes
SolarCity









 Category
 Commons













v
t
e


PayPal Mafia



Individuals



Peter Thiel
Reid Hoffman
Max Levchin
Ken Howery
Luke Nosek
Elon Musk
Steve Chen
Keith Rabois
Chad Hurley
Roelof Botha
Jawed Karim
Yishan Wong
Eric M. Jackson
David O. Sacks
Premal Shah
Russel Simmons
Jeremy Stoppelman





Companies founded
or co-founded



PayPal
LinkedIn
YouTube
Slide.com
Yelp
Geni.com
Yammer
SpaceX
Tesla, Inc.
Palantir Technologies
Kiva.org





Investments



Friendster
Facebook
Powerset
Vator
Six Apart
Zynga
IronPort
Flickr
Digg
Grockit
Ooma
Quantcast
RapLeaf
SmartDrive Systems
TransferWise
Ping.fm
Nanosolar
Knewton
Kongregate
Last.fm
TokBox
Xoom
Joost





Funds



Founders Fund
Clarium Capital
Greylock Partners
Sequoia Capital





Other



The PayPal Wars
Thank You for Smoking
The Stanford Review












v
t
e


SpaceX



Vehicles





Rockets






Current




Falcon 9

Full Thrust








In development




Falcon 9 Block 5
Falcon Heavy
ITS launch vehicle






Retired




Falcon 1
Falcon 9

v1.0
v1.1








Cancelled




Falcon 1e
Falcon 5
Falcon 9 Air









Test vehicles




Grasshopper (retired)
F9R Dev1† (destroyed)
DragonFly






Spacecraft




Dragon
Dragon 2
Interplanetary Spaceship
ITS tanker






Reusable hardware




Recovered boosters

B1019


Reused boosters

B1021
B1029


Reused capsules

C106













Engines



Merlin (1A, 1B, 1C, 1D, Vacuum)
Kestrel
Draco
SuperDraco
Raptor
Methalox thruster





Missions





Falcon 1




Demo 1† (FalconSAT-2)
Demo 2† (DemoSat)
Flight 3†

Trailblazer
PRESat
NanoSail-D
Explorers


Ratsat
RazakSAT






Falcon 9






Demonstration flights




Dragon Spacecraft Qualification Unit
NASA COTS Demo Flight 1
Dragon C2+






Dragon ISS logistics




CRS-1
CRS-2
CRS-3
CRS-4
CRS-5
CRS-6
CRS-7†
CRS-8
CRS-9
CRS-10
CRS-11
CRS-12
CRS-13
CRS-14
CRS-15
CRS-16
CRS-17
CRS-18
CRS-19
CRS-20
(missions contracted up to CRS-26)






Commercial satellites




SES-8
Thaicom 6
Orbcomm OG2 × 6
AsiaSat 8
AsiaSat 6
ABS-3A / Eutelsat 115 West B
TürkmenÄlem 52°E
Orbcomm OG2 × 11
SES-9
JCSAT-14
Thaicom 8
ABS-2A / Eutelsat 117 West B
JCSAT-16
Amos-6†
Iridium NEXT 1–10
EchoStar 23
SES-10
Inmarsat-5 F4
BulgariaSat-1
Iridium NEXT 11–20
Intelsat 35e
SES-11
Iridium NEXT 21–30
Koreasat 5A
Iridium NEXT 31–40
Paz
Bangabandhu-1
Iridium NEXT 41–50
SES-16 / GovSat-1
Hispasat 30W-6






Scientific satellites




CASSIOPE
DSCOVR
Jason-3
FormoSat-5
SAOCOM 1A






Military satellites




NROL-76
X-37B OTV-5









Falcon Heavy




Demo Flight
ArabSat 6A
USAF STP-2

DSX
FormoSat-7
LightSail 2
GPIM
DSAC
ISAT


Moon tourists
ViaSat 3
Red Dragon








Launch sites





Orbital




Cape Canaveral, Florida

CCAFS Launch Complex 40
Kennedy Launch Pad 39A


Vandenberg, California

Launch Complex 4E


Brownsville, Texas

Boca Chica


Kwajalein, Marshall Islands

Omelek Island†








Suborbital




McGregor test site
New Mexico test site†








Landing sites



Autonomous spaceport drone ships
Landing Zone 1, Cape Canaveral
Launch Complex 4W, Vandenberg





Other facilities



Headquarters and factory (Hawthorne, California)
Rocket development and test facility (McGregor, Texas)
Satellite development facility (Redmond, Washington)
Regional offices (Chantilly, Houston, Seattle, Washington DC)





Contracts



Commercial Orbital Transportation Services (COTS)
Commercial Resupply Services (CRS)
Commercial Crew Development (CCDev)
Commercial Crew integrated Capability (CCiCap)





R&D programs



SpaceX reusable launch system development program
Falcon 9 first-stage landing tests
Interplanetary Transport System
Red Dragon
SpaceX satellite constellation





People



Elon Musk (CEO, CTO)
Gwynne Shotwell (President & COO)
Tom Mueller (Vice President of Propulsion Development)






Italics indicate unflown vehicles and future missions or sites. † denotes failed missions, destroyed vehicles and abandoned sites.







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 306339060
LCCN: n2014017754
ISNI: 0000 0004 2658 2862
GND: 1062481119
NDL: 001156447










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Elon_Musk&oldid=792423717"					
Categories: Elon Musk1971 births20th-century American businesspeople20th-century American engineers21st-century American businesspeople21st-century American engineersAlumni of Pretoria Boys High SchoolAmerican aerospace businesspeopleAmerican aerospace designersAmerican aerospace engineersAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican chief executives in the automobile industryAmerican chief executives of energy companiesAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican chief executives of manufacturing companiesAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer programmersAmerican corporate directorsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican founders of automobile manufacturersAmerican inventorsAmerican investorsAmerican libertariansAmerican nonprofit executivesAmerican people of British descentAmerican people of Canadian descentAmerican philanthropistsAmerican software engineersAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersAmerican transhumanistsAmerican transportation businesspeopleAutomotive pioneersBasic income proponentsBusinesspeople from Los AngelesBusinesspeople in softwareCalifornia Institute of Technology trusteesChief technology officersEngineers from CaliforniaGiving PledgersLiving peopleHyperloopPayPal peoplePeople associated with solar powerPeople from PretoriaPeople with acquired Canadian citizenshipPioneers of rail transportRoyal Aeronautical Society Gold Medal winnersSouth African emigrants to the United StatesSouth African people of Canadian descentSouth African people of British descentSouth African people of German descentSpace advocatesSpaceX peopleStanford University peopleSustainable transport pioneersTesla Inc. peopleTranshumanistsWharton School of the University of Pennsylvania alumniWhite South African peoplePeople with acquired American citizenship21st-century inventors20th-century Canadian businesspeople21st-century Canadian businesspeopleSouth African business executivesCanadian aerospace engineersSouth African engineersCanadian billionairesSouth African billionairesCanadian chief executivesSouth African chief executivesCanadian computer businesspeopleCanadian computer programmersSouth African computer programmersCanadian corporate directorsSouth African corporate directorsCanadian inventorsSouth African inventorsCanadian financial company foundersSouth African company foundersCanadian investorsSouth African investorsCanadian libertariansCanadian nonprofit executivesCanadian people of British descentCanadian people of South African descentCanadian philanthropistsSouth African philanthropistsCanadian software engineersCanadian technology chief executivesCanadian technology company foundersCanadian transhumanistsCanadian people of German descentAmerican people of Pennsylvania Dutch descentHidden categories: CS1 French-language sources (fr)Accuracy disputes from May 2015All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2016Wikipedia semi-protected pagesUse American English from November 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from February 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with failed verificationArticles with failed verification from October 2015Wikipedia articles in need of updating from March 2016All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBoarischBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalegoગુજરાતી한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLumbaartMagyarमैथिलीMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीМонголNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayZazakiŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 12:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















Elon Musk (@elonmusk) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      Elon MuskVerified account



@elonmusk












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
3,304
            



Following
Following
43



Followers
Followers
10.6M



Likes
Likes
578

 
 
More 







Likes






Unmute @elonmusk

Mute @elonmusk



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















Elon MuskVerified account



@elonmusk


Tesla, SpaceX, OpenAI & Neuralink



            Boring

      








Joined June 2009












                
                231 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @elonmusk
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @elonmusk
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            Elon Musk followed
        






















Elon Musk Retweeted
            







TESLARATI‏ @Teslarati

5h5 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Remembering some of our favorite Tesla Project Loveday videos. What's yours?http://www.teslarati.com/top-tesla-project-loveday-fan-commercials/ …pic.twitter.com/rptiWHGbS3
















29 replies




112 retweets




654 likes








Reply


29







Retweet


112




Retweeted


112








Like


654





Liked


654










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Elon Musk Retweeted
            







Tesla‏Verified account @TeslaMotors

5h5 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Watch all 10 Project Loveday finalists and like your favorites on Twitter by 5pm PT Friday:http://ts.la/2vJDG2L 









62 replies




364 retweets




1,354 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Elon Musk Retweeted
            







Guardian Environment‏Verified account @guardianeco

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Britain to ban sale of all diesel and petrol cars and vans from 2040http://d.gu.com/PYTHb9 









165 replies




1,042 retweets




2,614 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elon Musk‏Verified account @elonmusk

19h19 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Testing The Boring Company car elevator https://www.instagram.com/p/BW_-mlYAMrs/ 





795 replies




3,158 retweets




14,690 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elon Musk‏Verified account @elonmusk

23h23 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Love this Tesla P100D drag racing videohttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ARzujfRiQ3c&feature=youtu.be …









652 replies




2,950 retweets




13,165 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elon Musk‏Verified account @elonmusk

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Elon Musk Retweeted John blue

Tim's piece on AI is excellent, but we actually face a double exponential rate of improvement. AI hardware & software are both exponential.https://twitter.com/john_blue9/status/889747464055513088 …

Elon Musk added,








John blue @John_Blue9





    
      
      Replying to @KabiLedz @elonmusk and 2 others

This is already covered superb by Tim Urban - read it!

https://waitbutwhy.com/2015/01/artificial-intelligence-revolution-1.html …









417 replies




1,993 retweets




7,665 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elon Musk‏Verified account @elonmusk

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Often comes as a surprise when people learn that 80% of my time is on engineering/design and just 20% on other stuffhttps://www.inc.com/ayse-birsel/why-elon-musk-spends-80-percent-of-his-time-on-thi.html …









736 replies




3,913 retweets




18,009 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Elon Musk Retweeted
            







Ryan Wright‏ @rj8w

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







"The notion that we can start colonizing Mars within 10 years or so is [a] delusory idea that falls just short of being a joke." - NYT, 2015pic.twitter.com/tM8I2e2uqo














The New York Times and
    Elon Musk






478 replies




9,571 retweets




24,967 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elon Musk‏Verified account @elonmusk

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Elon Musk Retweeted Sandy Mazza

Discussing physics of tunnels with Mayor Vargas (who has a physics background). Hawthorne support for The Boring Company much appreciated.https://twitter.com/sandymazza/status/888511194553737216 …

Elon Musk added,


































Sandy MazzaVerified account @SandyMazza

Hawthorne Mayor Alex Vargas got to meet with @elonmusk and the pics are adorbs pic.twitter.com/plnIvKNeuo









706 replies




3,029 retweets




19,223 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Elon Musk Retweeted
            







TESLARATI‏ @Teslarati

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







SpaceX skipping Red Dragon for “vastly bigger ships” on Mars http://www.teslarati.com/spacex-skipping-red-dragon-vastly-bigger-ships-mars-confirms-musk/ …pic.twitter.com/fyJNU4gmpt
















86 replies




551 retweets




2,409 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elon Musk‏Verified account @elonmusk

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







    Replying to @elonmusk


If you want this to happen fast, please let your local & federal elected representatives know. Makes a big difference if they hear from you.





1,410 replies




3,479 retweets




20,777 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elon Musk‏Verified account @elonmusk

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







    Replying to @elonmusk


Still a lot of work needed to receive formal approval, but am optimistic that will occur rapidly





631 replies




1,473 retweets




14,294 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elon Musk‏Verified account @elonmusk

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







    Replying to @elonmusk


City center to city center in each case, with up to a dozen or more entry/exit elevators in each city





759 replies




3,647 retweets




21,247 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elon Musk‏Verified account @elonmusk

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Just received verbal govt approval for The Boring Company to build an underground NY-Phil-Balt-DC Hyperloop. NY-DC in 29 mins.





7,320 replies




74,668 retweets




203,207 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Elon Musk Retweeted
            







The Onion‏Verified account @TheOnion

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







New MIT Study Suggests Sonic The Hedgehog Might Be Living In Computer Simulation http://trib.al/7WdtV6q pic.twitter.com/sobOGxkWEI
















187 replies




2,963 retweets




8,756 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Elon Musk Retweeted
            







NASA‏Verified account @NASA

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







We want YOU to experience the next @SpaceX cargo launch to @Space_Station! Apply to attend #NASASocial event in Aug: http://go.nasa.gov/2vfksSs pic.twitter.com/QEY9OGfx3J
















169 replies




1,052 retweets




5,085 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Elon Musk Retweeted
            







Tesla‏Verified account @TeslaMotors

Jul 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Tesla welcomes Linda Johnson Rice and James Murdoch as new independent directors to its boardhttps://www.tesla.com/blog/tesla-welcomes-linda-johnson-rice-and-james-murdoch-new-independent-directors-its-board …









510 replies




705 retweets




4,162 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elon Musk‏Verified account @elonmusk

Jul 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Elon Musk Retweeted Markets Insider

I should clarify: Tesla stock is obviously high based on past & present, but low if you believe in Tesla's future. Place bets accordingly …https://twitter.com/mktsinsider/status/886976812626128897 …

Elon Musk added,

















Markets InsiderVerified account @MktsInsider

Tesla is dropping after @elonmusk says the stock price is 'higher than we have any right to deserve' http://buff.ly/2u1DDkd  pic.twitter.com/dsYNGoA2s7









1,118 replies




4,910 retweets




23,900 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Elon Musk Retweeted
            







Tanya Harrison‏Verified account @tanyaofmars

Jul 14






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







    Replying to @tanyaofmars


20. Because this can never be shared enough: @MarsCuriosity took images as it was landing & the result was AWESOME:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Esj5juUzhpU …









92 replies




1,655 retweets




4,099 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Elon Musk‏Verified account @elonmusk

Jul 14






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







It's what you don't say





1,530 replies




14,777 retweets




37,023 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @elonmusk hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user























需要安全验证







Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017





Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity ... | TED Talk | TED.com










































































































You have JavaScript disabled
For the best experience, please turn JavaScript on.
Here's how






































				Elon Musk
			

The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity ...



					4,438,329
					 views

 • 21:04


•

						Subtitles in 31 languages
					







Up next


Details


Discussion






							Details
							About the talk








Entrepreneur Elon Musk is a man with many plans. The founder of PayPal, Tesla Motors and SpaceX sits down with TED curator Chris Anderson to share details about his visionary projects, which include a mass-marketed electric car, a solar energy leasing company and a fully reusable rocket.


About the speaker





Elon Musk
·
Serial entrepreneur

Elon Musk is the CEO and product architect of Tesla Motors and the CEO/CTO of Space Exploration Technologies (SpaceX).


Elon Musk is the CEO and product architect of Tesla Motors and the CEO/CTO of Space Exploration Technologies (SpaceX).





















Elon Musk - Wikipedia




















 







Elon Musk

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 26 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Elon Musk



A headshot of Elon Musk in 2015.



Born
Elon Reeve Musk
(1971-06-28) June 28, 1971 (age 46)
Pretoria, Transvaal (now Gauteng), South Africa


Residence
Bel Air, Los Angeles, California, U.S.[1][2]


Citizenship



South African (1971–present)
Canadian (1989–present)
American (2002–present)





Alma mater
Queen's University
University of Pennsylvania[3][4]


Occupation
Entrepreneur, Engineer, Inventor, and Investor


Known for
SpaceX, PayPal, Tesla Inc., Hyperloop, SolarCity, OpenAI, The Boring Company, Neuralink, Zip2


Net worth
US$16.1 billion (July 2017)[5]


Title
CEO and CTO of SpaceX
CEO and product architect of Tesla, Inc.
CEO of Neuralink
Chairman of SolarCity
Co-chairman of OpenAI


Spouse(s)



Justine Musk (m. 2000; div. 2008)
Talulah Riley (m. 2010–div. 2012; m. 2013–div. 2016)[6][7]





Children
6


Parent(s)
Maye Musk (mother)
Errol Graham Musk (father)


Relatives
Tosca Musk (sister)
Kimbal Musk (brother)
Lyndon Rive (cousin)


Signature





Elon Reeve Musk (/ˈiːlɒn ˈmʌsk/; born June 28, 1971) is a South African-born Canadian-American business magnate, investor,[8][9] engineer,[10] and inventor.[15]
Elon is the founder, CEO, and CTO of SpaceX; a co-founder,[16] a Series A investor, CEO, and product architect of Tesla Inc.; co-chairman of OpenAI; founder and CEO of Neuralink. He was previously co-founder and chairman of SolarCity; co-founder of Zip2; and founder of X.com, which merged with Confinity and took the name PayPal.[21] As of July 2017, he has an estimated net worth of $16.1 billion, making him the 80th-wealthiest person in the world.[22] In December 2016, Musk was ranked 21st on the Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[23]
Musk has stated that the goals of SolarCity, Tesla, and SpaceX revolve around his vision to change the world and humanity.[24] His goals include reducing global warming through sustainable energy production and consumption, and reducing the "risk of human extinction" by "making life multiplanetary"[25][26] by establishing a human colony on Mars.
In addition to his primary business pursuits, he has also envisioned a high-speed transportation system known as the Hyperloop, and has proposed a VTOL supersonic jet aircraft with electric fan propulsion, known as the Musk electric jet.[27][28]
Elon also proposed the concept of The Boring Company in 2017.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 Early childhood
1.2 Education


2 Career

2.1 Zip2
2.2 X.com and PayPal
2.3 SpaceX
2.4 Tesla
2.5 SolarCity
2.6 Hyperloop
2.7 OpenAI
2.8 Neuralink
2.9 The Boring Company


3 Subsidies
4 Political positions

4.1 Lobbying


5 Opinions

5.1 Destiny and religion
5.2 Extraterrestrial life
5.3 Artificial intelligence


6 Personal life

6.1 Philanthropy
6.2 Family
6.3 Zolpidem usage


7 Patents
8 Awards and recognition

8.1 Honorary doctorates


9 In popular media
10 References
11 Further reading
12 External links

12.1 Articles
12.2 Interviews





Early life
Early childhood
Musk was born on June 28, 1971, in Pretoria, Transvaal, South Africa,[29] the son of Maye Musk (née Haldeman), a model and dietician from Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada;[30] and Errol Musk, a South African electromechanical engineer, pilot and sailor. He has a younger brother, Kimbal (born 1972), and a younger sister, Tosca (born 1974).[34] His paternal grandmother was British, and he also has Pennsylvania Dutch ancestry.[35][36] His maternal grandfather was American, from Minnesota.[37] After his parents divorced in 1980, Musk lived mostly with his father in the suburbs of Pretoria.[35]
During his childhood he was an avid reader.[38]
At age 10, he developed an interest in computing with the Commodore VIC-20.[39] He taught himself computer programming at the age of 12, sold the code for a BASIC-based video game he created called Blastar, to a magazine called PC and Office Technology, for approximately $500.[40][41] A web version of the game is available online.[40][42]
Musk was severely bullied throughout his childhood, and was once hospitalized when a group of boys threw him down a flight of stairs and then beat him until he lost consciousness.[38]
Musk was initially educated at private schools, attending the English-speaking Waterkloof House Preparatory School. Musk later graduated from Pretoria Boys High School and moved to Canada in June 1989, just before his 18th birthday,[43] after obtaining Canadian citizenship through his Canadian-born mother.[44][45]`
Education
At the age of 17, Musk was accepted into Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, for undergraduate study. In 1992, after spending two years at Queen's University, Musk transferred to the University of Pennsylvania, where in May 1997 he received a Bachelor of Science degree in physics from its College of Arts and Sciences, and a Bachelor of Science degree in economics from its Wharton School of Business. Musk extended his studies for one year to finish the second bachelor's degree.[38][46] While at the University of Pennsylvania, Musk and fellow Penn student Adeo Ressi rented a 10-bedroom fraternity house, using it as an unofficial nightclub.[38]
In 1995, at age 24, Musk moved to California to begin a PhD in applied physics and materials science at Stanford University, but left the program after two days to pursue his entrepreneurial aspirations in the areas of the Internet, renewable energy and outer space.[41][47] In 2002, he became a U.S. citizen.[48][49]
Career
Zip2
Main article: Zip2
In 1995, Musk and his brother, Kimbal, started Zip2, a web software company, with US$28,000 of their father's money.[38] The company developed and marketed an Internet "city guide" for the newspaper publishing industry.[50] Musk obtained contracts with The New York Times and the Chicago Tribune[51] and persuaded the board of directors to abandon plans for a merger with CitySearch.[52] While at Zip2, Musk wanted to become CEO; however, none of the board members would allow it.[38] Compaq acquired Zip2 for US$307 million in cash and US$34 million in stock options in February 1999.[53] Musk received US$22 million for his 7% share from the sale.[51]
X.com and PayPal
Main article: PayPal
In March 1999, Musk co-founded X.com, an online financial services and e-mail payment company, with US$10 million from the sale of Zip2.[43][50][52] One year later, the company merged with Confinity,[51][54] which had a money transfer service called PayPal. The merged company focused on the PayPal service and was renamed PayPal in 2001. PayPal's early growth was driven mainly by a viral marketing campaign where new customers were recruited when they received money through the service.[55] Musk was ousted in October 2000 from his role as CEO (although he remained on the board) due to disagreements with other company leadership, notably over his desire to move PayPal's Unix-based infrastructure to Microsoft Windows.[56] In October 2002, PayPal was acquired by eBay for US$1.5 billion in stock, of which Musk received US$165 million.[57] Before its sale, Musk, who was the company's largest shareholder, owned 11.7% of PayPal's shares.[58]
SpaceX
Main article: SpaceX
In 2001, Musk conceptualized "Mars Oasis"; a project to land a miniature experimental greenhouse on Mars, containing food crops growing on Martian regolith, in an attempt to regain public interest in space exploration.[59][60] In October 2001, Musk travelled to Moscow with Jim Cantrell (an aerospace supplies fixer), and Adeo Ressi (his best friend from college), to buy refurbished Dnepr Intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) that could send the envisioned payloads into space. The group met with companies such as NPO Lavochkin and Kosmotras; however, according to Cantrell, Musk was seen as a novice and was consequently spat on by one of the Russian chief designers,[61] and the group returned to the United States empty-handed. In February 2002, the group returned to Russia to look for three ICBMs, bringing along Mike Griffin, who had worked for the CIA's venture capital arm, In-Q-Tel; NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory; and was just leaving Orbital Sciences, a maker of satellites and spacecraft. The group met again with Kosmotras, and were offered one rocket for US$8 million, however, this was seen by Musk as too expensive; Musk consequently stormed out of the meeting. On the flight back from Moscow, Musk realized that he could start a company that could build the affordable rockets he needed.[61] According to early Tesla and SpaceX investor Steve Jurvetson,[62] Musk calculated that the raw materials for building a rocket actually were only 3 percent of the sales price of a rocket at the time. It was concluded that theoretically, by applying vertical integration and the modular approach from software engineering, SpaceX could cut launch price by a factor of ten and still enjoy a 70-percent gross margin.[63] Ultimately, Musk ended up founding SpaceX with the long-term goal of creating a "true spacefaring civilization".[64]




Musk and President Barack Obama at the Falcon 9 launch site in 2010


With US$100 million of his early fortune,[65] Musk founded Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, in May 2002.[66] Musk is chief executive officer (CEO) and chief technology officer (CTO) of the Hawthorne, California-based company. SpaceX develops and manufactures space launch vehicles with a focus on advancing the state of rocket technology. The company's first two launch vehicles are the Falcon 1 and Falcon 9 rockets (a nod to Star Wars' Millennium Falcon), and its first spacecraft is the Dragon (a nod to Puff the Magic Dragon).[67] In seven years, SpaceX designed the family of Falcon launch vehicles and the Dragon multipurpose spacecraft. In September 2008, SpaceX's Falcon 1 rocket became the first privately funded liquid-fueled vehicle to put a satellite into Earth orbit.[38] On May 25, 2012, the SpaceX Dragon vehicle berthed with the ISS, making history as the first commercial company to launch and berth a vehicle to the International Space Station.[68]
In 2006, SpaceX was awarded a contract from NASA to continue the development and test of the SpaceX Falcon 9 launch vehicle and Dragon spacecraft in order to transport cargo to the International Space Station,[69][not in citation given] followed by a US$1.6 billion NASA Commercial Resupply Services program contract on December 23, 2008, for 12 flights of its Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station, replacing the US Space Shuttle after it retired in 2011.[70] Astronaut transport to the ISS is currently handled solely by the Soyuz, but SpaceX is one of two companies awarded a contract by NASA as part of the Commercial Crew Development program, which is intended to develop a US astronaut transport capability by 2018.[71] On 22 December 2015, SpaceX successfully landed the first stage of its Falcon rocket back at the launch pad. This was the first time in history such a feat had been achieved by an orbital rocket and is a significant step towards rocket reusability lowering the costs of access to space.[72] This first stage recovery was replicated several times in 2016 by landing on an Autonomous spaceport drone ship, an ocean based recovery platform.[73]
SpaceX is both the largest private producer of rocket engines in the world, and holder of the record for highest thrust-to-weight ratio for a rocket engine.[74] SpaceX has produced more than 100 operational Merlin 1D engines, currently the world's most powerful engine for its weight.[75] The relatively immense power to weight ratio allows each Merlin 1D engine to vertically lift the weight of 40 average family cars. In combination, the 9 Merlin engines in the Falcon 9 first stage produces anywhere from 5.8 to 6.7 MN (1.3 to 1.5 million pounds) of thrust, depending on altitude.[76]
Musk was influenced by Isaac Asimov's Foundation series[77] and views space exploration as an important step in preserving and expanding the consciousness of human life.[78] Musk said that multiplanetary life may serve as a hedge against threats to the survival of the human species.

An asteroid or a super volcano could destroy us, and we face risks the dinosaurs never saw: an engineered virus, inadvertent creation of a micro black hole, catastrophic global warming or some as-yet-unknown technology could spell the end of us. Humankind evolved over millions of years, but in the last sixty years atomic weaponry created the potential to extinguish ourselves. Sooner or later, we must expand life beyond this green and blue ball—or go extinct.

Musk's goal is to reduce the cost of human spaceflight by a factor of 10.[79] In a 2011 interview, he said he hopes to send humans to Mars' surface within 10–20 years.[80] In Ashlee Vance's biography, Musk stated that he wants to establish a Mars colony by 2040, with a population of 80,000.[39] Musk stated that, since Mars' atmosphere lacks oxygen, all transportation would have to be electric (electric cars, electric trains, Hyperloop, electric aircraft).[81] Space X intends to launch a Dragon spacecraft on a Falcon Heavy in 2018 to soft-land on Mars - this is intended to be the first of a regular cargo mission supply-run to Mars building up to later crewed flights.[82] Musk stated in June 2016 that the first unmanned flight of the larger Mars Colonial Transporter (MCT) spacecraft is aimed for departure to the red planet in 2022, to be followed by the first manned MCT Mars flight departing in 2024.[83] In September 2016, Musk revealed details of his plan to explore and colonize Mars.[84] By 2016, Musk's private trust holds 54% of SpaceX stock, equivalent to 78% of voting shares.[85]
Tesla
Main article: Tesla, Inc.
Tesla, Inc. (originally Tesla Motors) was incorporated in July 2003 by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning, who financed the company until the Series A round of funding.[86]
Both men played active roles in the company's early development prior to Elon Musk's involvement.[87] Musk led the Series A round of investment in February 2004, joining Tesla's board of directors as its chairman.[88] Musk took an active role within the company and oversaw Roadster product design at a detailed level, but was not deeply involved in day-to-day business operations.[89]
Following the financial crisis in 2008,[90] Musk assumed leadership of the company as CEO and product architect, positions he still holds today. Tesla Motors first built an electric sports car, the Tesla Roadster in 2008, with sales of about 2,500 vehicles to 31 countries. Tesla began delivery of its four-door Model S sedan on June 22, 2012. It unveiled its third product, the Model X, aimed at the SUV/minivan market, on February 9, 2012; the Model X launch was however delayed until September 2015.[91][92][93] In addition to its own cars, Tesla sells electric powertrain systems to Daimler for the Smart EV, Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive and Mercedes A Class and to Toyota for the RAV4 EV. Musk was able to bring in both companies as long-term investors in Tesla.[94]







Musk observing an assembly demo at the reopening of the NUMMI plant, now known as the Tesla Factory (Fremont, California) in 2010









Musk standing in front of a Tesla Model S in 2011









Musk and Senator Dianne Feinstein next to a Tesla Model S (2010)




Musk has favored building a sub-US$30,000 compact Tesla model and building and selling electric vehicle powertrain components so that other automakers can produce electric vehicles at affordable prices without having to develop the products in-house; this led to the Model 3 that is planned to have a base price of US$35,000.[95] Several mainstream publications have compared him with Henry Ford for his work on advanced vehicle powertrains.[96]
In a May 2013 interview with All Things Digital, Musk said that to overcome the range limitations of electric cars, Tesla is "dramatically accelerating" its network of supercharger stations, tripling the number on the East and West coasts of the U.S. that June, with plans for more expansion across North America, including Canada, throughout the year.[97] As of January 29, 2016, Musk owns about 28.9 million Tesla shares, which equates to about 22% of the company.[98][99]
As of 2014, Musk's annual salary is one dollar, similar to Steve Jobs and other CEOs, the remainder of his compensation is in the form of stock and performance-based bonuses.[100][101]
In 2014, Musk announced that Tesla would allow its technology patents to be used by anyone in good faith in a bid to entice automobile manufacturers to speed up development of electric cars. "The unfortunate reality is electric car programs (or programs for any vehicle that doesn't burn hydrocarbons) at the major manufacturers are small to non-existent, constituting an average of far less than 1% of their total vehicle sales", Musk said.[102]
In February 2016, Musk announced that he had acquired the Tesla.com domain name from Stu Grossman, who had owned it since 1992 and changed Tesla's homepage to that domain.[103]
SolarCity
Main article: SolarCity
Musk provided the initial concept and financial capital for SolarCity, which was then co-founded in 2006 by his cousins Lyndon and Peter Rive.[104][105] SolarCity is now the second largest provider of solar power systems in the United States.[106]
The underlying motivation for funding both SolarCity and Tesla is to help combat global warming.[107] In 2012, Musk announced that SolarCity and Tesla are collaborating to use electric vehicle batteries to smooth the impact of rooftop solar on the power grid, with the program going live in 2013.[108]
On June 17, 2014, Musk committed to building in Buffalo, New York, a SolarCity advanced production facility that would triple the size of the largest solar plant in the United States. Musk stated the plant will be "one of the single largest solar panel production plants in the world", and it will be followed by one or more even bigger facilities in subsequent years.[109][needs update]
In June 2016, Musk's car company, Tesla, formally submitted an offer to acquire SolarCity.[110]
Hyperloop
Main articles: Hyperloop and Hyperloop pod competition
On August 12, 2013, Musk unveiled a concept for a high-speed transportation system incorporating reduced-pressure tubes in which pressurized capsules ride on an air cushion driven by linear induction motors and air compressors.[111] The mechanism for releasing the concept was an alpha-design document that, in addition to scoping out the technology, outlined a notional route where such a transport system might be built: between the Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area.[112]
After earlier envisioning Hyperloop, Musk assigned a dozen engineers from Tesla and SpaceX who worked for nine months, establishing the conceptual foundations and creating the designs for the transportation system.[113][114] An early design for the system was then published in a whitepaper posted to the Tesla and SpaceX blogs.[115][116][117] Musk's proposal, if technologically feasible at the costs he has cited, would make Hyperloop travel cheaper than any other mode of transport for such long distances. The alpha design was proposed to use a partial vacuum to reduce aerodynamic drag, which it is theorized would allow for high-speed travel with relatively low power, with certain other features like air-bearing skis and an inlet compressor to reduce air drag. The alpha design document estimated the total cost of an LA-to-SF Hyperloop system at US$6 billion, but this amount is speculative.[118]
In June 2015, Musk announced a design competition for students and others to build Hyperloop pods to operate on a SpaceX-sponsored mile-long track in a 2015–2017 Hyperloop pod competition. The track was used in January 2017, and Musk also started building a tunnel.[119]
Hyperloop One, a company unaffiliated with Musk, had announced that it had done its first successful test run on its DevLoop track in Nevada on July 13, 2017. It was on May 12, 2017 at 12:02 A.M and had lasted 5.3 seconds, reaching a top speed of 70 mph.[120]
On July 25, 2017, Elon Musk announced that he had gotten approval from the Department of Transportation to build a hyperloop from New York City to Washington D.C stopping in both Philadelphia and Baltimore.[121]
OpenAI
Main article: OpenAI
In December 2015, Elon Musk announced the creation of OpenAI, a not-for-profit artificial intelligence (AI) research company. OpenAI aims to develop artificial general intelligence in a way that is safe and beneficial to humanity.[122]
By making AI available to everyone, OpenAI wants to "counteract large corporations who may gain too much power by owning super-intelligence systems devoted to profits, as well as governments which may use AI to gain power and even oppress their citizenry".[123]
Neuralink
Main article: Neuralink
In 2016, Musk co-founded Neuralink, a neurotechnology startup company, to integrate the human brain with artificial intelligence. The company, which is still in the earliest stages of existence, is centered on creating devices that can be implanted in the human brain, with the eventual purpose of helping human beings merge with software and keep pace with advancements in artificial intelligence. These enhancements could improve memory or allow for more direct interfacing with computing devices.[124]
The Boring Company
Main article: The Boring Company
On December 17, 2016, while stuck in traffic, Musk tweeted "Am going to build a tunnel boring machine and just start digging..." The company was named 'The Boring Company'.[125] On January 21, 2017, Musk tweeted "Exciting progress on the tunnel front. Plan to start digging in a month or so."[126] The first tunnel will start on the SpaceX campus,[127] and will probably go to a nearby parking garage. As of January 26, 2017, discussions with regulatory bodies have begun,[128] but no requests for permits to dig in the Los Angeles area have yet been filed with the California Department of Transportation.[129]
In February 2017, the company began digging a 30-foot-wide, 50-foot-long, and 15-foot-deep "test trench" on the premises of Space X's offices in Los Angeles, since the construction requires no permits.[130][131]
Subsidies
Musk has stated that he does not believe the U.S. government should provide subsidies to companies but should instead use a carbon tax to price in the negative externality of air pollution and discourage "bad behavior." Musk argues that the free market would achieve the "best solution," and that producing environmentally unfriendly vehicles should come with its own consequences.[132]
Musk's statements have been widely criticized, with Stanford University Professor Fred Turner noting that "if you're an entrepreneur like Elon Musk, you will take the money where you can get it, but at the same time believe as a matter of faith that it's entrepreneurship and technology that are the sources of social change, not the state. It is not quite self-delusion, but there is a habit of thinking of oneself as a free-standing, independent agent, and of not acknowledging the subsidies that one received. And this goes on all the time in Silicon Valley."[133] Author Michael Shellenberger argued that "in the case of Musk, it is hard not to read that as a kind of defensiveness. And I think there is a business reason for it. They are dealing with a lot of investors for whom subsidies are not the basis for a long-term viable business, and they often want to exaggerate the speed with which they are going to be able to become independent." Shellenberger continues, "we would all be better off if these entrepreneurs were a bit more grateful, a bit more humble." While journalist and author Jim Motavalli, who interviewed Musk for High Voltage, his 2011 book about the electric vehicle industry, speculated that "Elon is now looking at it from the point of view of a winner, and he doesn't want to see other people win because they get government money – I do think there is a tendency of people, once they have succeeded, to want to pull the ladder up after them."[134]
In 2015, Musk's statements were subject to further scrutiny when an LA Times article claimed that SpaceX, Tesla, SolarCity and buyers of their products had or were projected to receive together an estimated US$4.9 billion in government subsidies over twenty years. One example given is New York state, which is spending $750 million to build a solar panel factory in Buffalo which will be leased to SolarCity for $1 a year. The deal also includes no property taxes for a decade, an estimated $260 million valuation. Musk employs a former U.S. State Department official as the chief negotiator for Tesla.[135]
Political positions




Musk speaking alongside Irish Taoiseach (Prime Minister) Enda Kenny


Politically, Musk has described himself as "half Democrat, half Republican." In his own words: "I'm somewhere in the middle, socially liberal and fiscally conservative."[136] In 2016, Musk became a member of two of then President-elect Donald Trump's presidential advisory committees (the Strategic and Policy Forum[137][138][139][140] and Manufacturing Jobs Initiative)[141] but resigned from both in 2017, in protest at Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement on climate change.[142][143]
Musk has described himself as "nauseatingly pro-American." According to Musk, the United States is "[inarguably] the greatest country that has ever existed on Earth," describing it as "the greatest force for good of any country that's ever been." Musk believes outright that there "would not be democracy in the world if not for the United States," arguing there were "three separate occasions in the 20th-century where democracy would have fallen with World War I, World War II and the Cold War, if not for the United States." Musk also stated that he thinks "it would be a mistake to say the United States is perfect, it certainly is not. There have been many foolish things the United States has done and bad things the United States has done."[144]
Prompted by the emergence of self-driving cars and Artificial Intelligence, Musk has voiced support for a Universal Basic Income.[145]
Prior to the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Musk criticized candidate Trump by saying: "I feel a bit stronger that he is probably not the right guy. He doesn't seem to have the sort of character that reflects well on the United States."[146] Following Donald Trump's inauguration, Musk expressed approval of Trump's choice of Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State and accepted an invitation to appear on a panel advising President Trump. Regarding his cooperation with Trump, Musk has subsequently commented: "The more voices of reason that the President hears, the better."[147]
Lobbying
In an interview with the Washington Post, Musk stated he was a "significant (though not top-tier) donor to Democrats, but that he also gives heavily to Republicans." Musk further stated, "in order to have your voice be heard in Washington, you have to make some little contribution."[148][149]
A recent report from the Sunlight Foundation (a nonpartisan group that tracks government spending), found that "SpaceX has spent over US$4 million on lobbying Congress since it was established in 2002 and doled out more than US$800,000 in political contributions" to Democrats and Republicans. The same report noted that "SpaceX's campaign to win political support has been systematic and sophisticated", and that "unlike most tech-startups, SpaceX has maintained a significant lobbying presence in Washington almost since day 1". The report further noted that "Musk himself has donated roughly US$725,000 to various campaigns since 2002. In 2004, he contributed US$2,000 to President George W. Bush's reelection campaign, maxing out (over US$100,000)[150] to Obama's reelection campaign and donated US$5,000 to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who represents Florida, a state critical to the space industry. (...) All told, Musk and SpaceX gave out roughly US$250,000 in the 2012 election cycle."[148][151] Additionally, SpaceX hired former Republican Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott to represent the company, via the Washington-based lobbying group Patton Boggs LLP. Alongside Patton Boggs LLP, SpaceX uses several other outside lobbying firms, who work alongside SpaceX's own lobbyists.[152]
Musk had been a supporter of the U.S. political action committee (PAC) FWD.us, which was started by fellow high-profile entrepreneur Mark Zuckerberg and advocates for immigration reform. However, in May 2013, Musk publicly withdrew his support in protest of advertisements the PAC was running that supported causes like the Keystone Pipeline. Musk and other members, including David O. Sacks, pulled out, criticizing the strategy as "cynical".[153] Musk further stated, "we shouldn't give in to the politics. If we give in to that, we'll get the political system we deserve."[154]
In December 2013, Sean Becker of the media/political website Mic called Musk a "complete hypocrite", stating that "[for] the 2014 election cycle, Musk has contributed to the Longhorn PAC and the National Republican Congressional Committee — both of which have funded the campaigns of anti-science, anti-environment candidates such as Rep. Michelle Bachman (R-Minn.)."[154] Musk has directly contributed to Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, who has been accused of holding similar positions regarding climate change.[151]
Opinions
Destiny and religion
When asked whether he believed "there was some kind of destiny involved" in humanity's transition to a multi-planetary species, rather than "just physics", Musk responded:

Well, I do. Do I think that there's some sort of master intelligence architecting all of this stuff? I think probably not because then you have to say: "Where does the master intelligence come from?" So it sort of begs the question. So I think really you can explain this with the fundamental laws of physics. You know its complex phenomenon from simple elements.[155]

Musk has stated that he does not pray, or worship any being, although previously admitted to praying before an important Falcon 1 launch, asking "any entities that [were] listening" to "bless [the] launch". When asked whether he believed "religion and science could co-exist", Musk replied "probably not".[156]
Extraterrestrial life
Although Musk believes "there is a good chance that there is simple life on other planets", he "questions whether there is other intelligent life in the known universe".[156] Musk later clarified his "hope that there is other intelligent life in the known universe", and stated that it is "probably more likely than not, but that's a complete guess."[157]
Musk has also considered the simulation hypothesis as a potential solution to the Fermi paradox:

The absence of any noticeable life may be an argument in favour of us being in a simulation.... Like when you're playing an adventure game, and you can see the stars in the background, but you can't ever get there. If it's not a simulation, then maybe we're in a lab and there's some advanced alien civilization that's just watching how we develop, out of curiosity, like mould in a petri dish.... If you look at our current technology level, something strange has to happen to civilizations, and I mean strange in a bad way. ... And it could be that there are a whole lot of dead, one-planet civilizations.[158]

Artificial intelligence
Musk has frequently spoken out about the potential dangers of artificial intelligence, declaring it "the most serious threat to the survival of the human race". During an interview at the MIT AeroAstro Centennial Symposium, Musk described AI as "[humanity's] biggest existential threat", further stating, "I'm increasingly inclined to think that there should be some regulatory oversight, maybe at the national and international level, just to make sure that we don't do something very foolish." Musk described the creation of artificial intelligence as "summoning the demon".[159][160]
Despite this, Musk has previously invested in DeepMind, an AI firm, and Vicarious, a company working to improve machine intelligence. In January 2015, he donated $10 million to the Future of Life Institute, an organization focused on challenges posed by advanced technologies.[161] He is the co-chairman of OpenAI, a nonprofit artificial intelligence research company.[162]
Musk has said that his investments are, "not from the standpoint of actually trying to make any investment return... I like to just keep an eye on what's going on with artificial intelligence". Musk continued, "There have been movies about this, you know, like Terminator – there are some scary outcomes. And we should try to make sure the outcomes are good, not bad."[163]
In June 2016, he was asked whether he thinks humans live in a computer simulation, to which he answered "probably". Elaborated as follows:

The strongest argument for us probably being in a simulation I think is the following: 40 years ago we had Pong – two rectangles and a dot. That's where we were. Now 40 years later we have photorealistic, 3D simulations with millions of people playing simultaneously and it's getting better every year. And soon we'll have virtual reality, we'll have augmented reality. If you assume any rate of improvement at all, then the games will become indistinguishable from reality, just indistinguishable.[164]

Personal life
Musk owned a McLaren F1 supercar, which he crashed while it was uninsured.[165] He also previously owned an Aero L-39, a Czech-made jet trainer aircraft .[166]
The 1994 model Dassault Falcon 900 aircraft used in the 2005 film Thank You for Smoking is registered to Musk (N900SX),[167] and Musk had a cameo as the pilot of his plane, opening the door for Robert Duvall and escorting Aaron Eckhart aboard. Musk owns Wet Nellie, the Lotus Esprit from the James Bond film The Spy Who Loved Me. He plans to convert it into the functional car-submarine from the film.[168]
Musk attended the Burning Man festival in 2004 and has said he first thought up the idea for SolarCity at the festival.[108]
Tosca Musk, Elon's sister, is a filmmaker. She is the founder of Musk Entertainment and has produced various movies.[169]
Musk stated that he wants to die on Mars, just not on impact.[170]
Philanthropy
Musk is chairman of the Musk Foundation, which focuses its philanthropic efforts on providing solar-power energy systems in disaster areas. In 2010, the Musk Foundation collaborated with SolarCity to donate a 25-kW solar power system to the South Bay Community Alliance's (SBCA) hurricane response center in Coden, Alabama.[171] In July 2011, the Musk Foundation donated US$250,000 towards a solar power project in Sōma, Japan, a city that had been recently devastated by tsunami.[172]
In July 2014, Musk was asked by cartoonist Matthew Inman and William Terbo, the grandnephew of Nikola Tesla, to donate US$8 million toward the construction of the Tesla Science Center at Wardenclyffe.[173] Ultimately, Musk agreed to donate US$1 million toward the project and additionally pledged to build a Tesla Supercharger in the museum car park.[174]
Musk donated US$10 million to the Future of Life Institute in January 2015, to run a global research program aimed at keeping artificial intelligence beneficial to humanity.[175][161][176]
As of 2015, Musk is a trustee of the X Prize Foundation[177] and a signatory of The Giving Pledge.[178]
Family
Musk met his first wife, Canadian author Justine Wilson, while both were students at Ontario's Queen's University. They married in 2000 and separated in 2008.[179]
Their first son, Nevada Alexander Musk, died of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) at the age of ten weeks.[180] They later had five sons through in vitro fertilization – twins in 2004, followed by triplets in 2006 – all of whom they share custody.[181]
In 2008, Musk began dating English actress Talulah Riley, and in 2010, the couple married. In January 2012, Musk announced that he had ended his four-year relationship with Riley,[33][182] tweeting to Riley, "It was an amazing four years. I will love you forever. You will make someone very happy one day."[183] In July 2013, Musk and Riley remarried. In December 2014, Musk filed for a second divorce from Riley, however, the action was withdrawn.[7] It was announced in March 2016 that divorce proceedings were again under way, this time with Riley filing for divorce from Musk.[184] The divorce was finalized in late 2016.[185]
Zolpidem usage
In an apparent self-admission of mixing Zolpidem and alcohol, Musk tweeted in June 2017 "A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!".[186] Health authorities advise to not take Zolpidem together with alcohol, which can be a highly addictive combination and increase the risk of experiencing dangerous side-effects.[187] Musk gained media attention for advocating a dangerous drug combination publicly on his social media.[188][189]
Patents


Title
Application number
Grant number
Application date
Grant date
Original assignee


Funnel shaped charge inlet[190]
13/549185
8579635
2012-07-13
2013-11-12
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle charge inlet[191]
29/427056
D724031
2012-07-13
2015-03-10
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle[192]
29/412833
D683268
2012-02-08
2013-05-28
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Vehicle door[193]
29/412841
D678154
2012-02-08
2013-03-19
Tesla Motors, Inc.


Awards and recognition

In 2006, Musk served as a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences Aeronautics and Space Engineering Board.[194]
R&D Magazine Innovator of the Year for 2007 for SpaceX, Tesla, and SolarCity.[195]
Inc Magazine Entrepreneur of the Year award for 2007 for his work on Tesla and SpaceX.[196]
2007 Index Design award for his design of the Tesla Roadster.[197] Global Green 2006 product design award for his design of the Tesla Roadster, presented by Mikhail Gorbachev.[198]
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics George Low award for the most outstanding contribution in the field of space transportation in 2007/2008. Musk was recognized for his design of the Falcon 1, the first privately developed liquid-fuel rocket to reach orbit.[199]
National Wildlife Federation 2008 National Conservation Achievement award for Tesla and SolarCity. Other 2008 recipients include journalist Thomas Friedman, U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT), and Florida Governor Charlie Crist.[200]
The Aviation Week 2008 Laureate for the most significant achievement worldwide in the space industry.[201]
National Space Society's Von Braun Trophy in 2008/2009, given for leadership of the most significant achievement in space. Prior recipients include Burt Rutan and Steve Squyres.[202]
Automotive Executive of the Year (worldwide) in 2010 for demonstrating technology leadership and innovation via Tesla. Prior awardees include Bill Ford Jr, Bob Lutz, Dieter Zetsche and Lee Iacocca. Musk is the youngest ever recipient of this award.[203]
Listed as one of Time's 100 people who most affected the world in 2010.[204]
The world governing body for aerospace records, Fédération Aéronautique Internationale, presented Musk in 2010 with the highest award in air and space, the FAI Gold Space Medal, for designing the first privately developed rocket to reach orbit. Prior recipients include Neil Armstrong, Burt Rutan of Scaled Composites and John Glenn.[205]
Named as one of the 75 most influential people of the 21st century by Esquire magazine.[78]
Recognized as a Living Legend of Aviation in 2010 by the Kitty Hawk Foundation for creating the successor to the Space Shuttle (Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft). Other recipients include Buzz Aldrin and Richard Branson.[206]
In 2010, Musk was elected to the board of trustees of the California Institute of Technology,[207] however no longer holds the position.[208]
In a 2010 Space Foundation survey, he was ranked as the No. 10 (tied with rocketry pioneer and scientist Wernher von Braun) most popular space hero.[209]
In February 2011, Forbes listed Musk as one of "America's 20 Most Powerful CEOs 40 And Under".[210]
In June 2011, Musk was awarded the US$250,000 Heinlein Prize for Advances in Space Commercialization[211]
In 2011, Musk was honored as a Legendary Leader at the Churchill Club Awards.[212]
In 2012, Musk was awarded the Royal Aeronautical Society's highest award: a Gold Medal.[213]
Musk was the 2012 recipient of Smithsonian magazine's American Ingenuity Award in the Technology category.
In 2013, Musk was named the Fortune Businessperson of the year for SpaceX, SolarCity, and Tesla.[214]
In 2015, he was awarded IEEE Honorary Membership.[215]
As of 2015, Musk serves on the board of advisors of Social Concepts, Inc.[216]
In 2016, The Drive, a division of Time, named Musk the most influential person in the car business and as the second most influential person in the automotive tech sector.[217]
In June 2016, Business Insider named Musk one of the "Top 10 Business Visionaries Creating Value for the World" along with Mark Zuckerberg and Sal Khan.[218]
In December 2016, Musk was ranked 21st on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[23]
In March 2017, Musk was listed by UK-based company Richtopia at number 3 in the list of 200 Most Influential Philanthropists and Social Entrepreneurs.[219][220]

Honorary doctorates

Honorary doctorate in Design from the Art Center College of Design[221]
Honorary doctorate (DUniv) in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Surrey[222]
Honorary doctorate of Engineering and Technology from Yale University[223]

In popular media
In the 2005 film Thank You for Smoking, Musk had a cameo as the pilot of his own plane, opening the door for the Captain (Robert Duvall) and escorting Nick Naylor (Aaron Eckhart) aboard. In Iron Man 2 (2010), he met Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) in a restaurant, and had some brief lines regarding an "idea for an electric jet". In 2014, he was satirized in the South Park episode "Handicar". He later made a guest appearance in three more episodes of South Park in 2016, this time voicing himself in the episodes "Members Only", "Not Funny", and "The End of Serialization as We Know It." In January 2015, he made a guest appearance playing himself on The Simpsons in an episode titled "The Musk Who Fell to Earth"; the episode poked fun at many of the inventor's ideas.[224]
In November 2015, Musk appeared in an episode of The Big Bang Theory, playing himself, volunteering at a soup kitchen with Howard.[225] In 2016 Musk was referenced by Dr. Martin Stein on The CW time-travel TV show DC's Legends of Tomorrow. During a time travel to the past, Stein meets his younger self and introduced himself as Elon Musk, to disguise his own identity.[226] Following the same TV universe on The CW, in the DC Superhero series The Flash, one of the characters[who?] quoted that he wished he'd be like Elon Musk on alternate universes.[citation needed]
Musk was also featured in the 2015 environmental documentary Racing Extinction, in which a custom Tesla Model S was designed to help project images of critically endangered species onto public buildings, including the Empire State Building and the Vatican.[227]
In 2016 Musk appeared as himself in the romantic comedy film Why Him? where he was briefly met by one of the main characters, Ned Flemming played by Bryan Cranston, in a bar at a party.[228]
References


^ "Billionaire Tesla CEO Elon Musk Buys Neighbor's Home in Bel Air For Million". Forbes. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ "Inside Elon Musk's M Bel Air Mansion". Bloomberg News. Retrieved August 21, 2013. 
^ Hull, Dana (April 11, 2014). "Timeline: Elon Musk's accomplishments". Retrieved June 11, 2015 – via Mercury News. 
^ Zanerhaft, Jaron (2013). "Elon Musk: Patriarchs and Prodigies". CSQ. C-Suite Quarterly. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ "The World's Billionaires List". Forbes. Retrieved July 25, 2017. 
^ "Actor Talulah Riley files to divorce billionaire Elon Musk, again". The Guardian. March 21, 2016. Retrieved April 20, 2016. The pair first married in 2010 and divorced in 2012. They remarried 18 months later. 
^ a b "Elon Musk withdraws Talulah Riley divorce papers after being spotted at Allen & Company conference". Mail Online. August 5, 2015. 
^ Curtis, Sophie (November 10, 2014). "Elon Musk 'to launch fleet of internet satellites'". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved June 23, 2015. Elon Musk, inventor and business magnate 
^ Vance, Ashlee (September 13, 2012). "Elon Musk, the 21st Century Industrialist". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved June 23, 2015. 
^ "Early Career Engineers, Conferences and Careers". asme.org. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Bellis, Mary. "Biography of Elon Musk". inventors.about.com. About.com. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ "The Top 10 Venture Capitalists on 2014's Midas List". Forbes. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Albergotti, Reed (March 21, 2014). "Zuckerberg, Musk Invest in Artificial Intelligence Company". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Love, Dylan (March 21, 2014). "Elon Musk And Mark Zuckerberg Have Invested Million in a Mysterious Artificial Intelligence Company". Business Insider. Business Insider. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ [11][12][13][14]
^ Shanklin, Emily (27 March 2017). "Elon Musk". SpaceX. Retrieved 17 June 2017. 
^ Martin LaMonica (September 21, 2009). "Tesla Motors founders: Now there are five". CNET. 
^ "A Brief history of Tesla". Tech Crunch. January 4, 2013. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Tesla was founded not by Elon Musk, but rather by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning in July 2003. The two bootstrapped the fledgling auto company until Elon Musk led the company's  million Series A financing round in February 2004, when Musk became the company's Chairman of the Board. 
^ Hardy, Quentin; Bilton, Nick (March 16, 2014). "Start-Ups Aim to Conquer Space Market". The New York Times. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Space Exploration Technologies, or Space X, started by the Tesla founder Elon Musk 
^ "Trust Your Own Focus Group of One". Entrepreneur.com. April 11, 2014. Retrieved April 21, 2014. Elon Musk, founder of PayPal, Tesla and SpaceX 
^ [17][18][19][20]
^ "Elon Musk". Forbes.com. Retrieved 21 March 2017. 
^ a b "The World's Most Powerful People". Forbes. December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Youtube Video - Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity". 
^ Why Invest In Making Life Multi-Planetary? Elon Musk. December 13, 2011. Retrieved February 21, 2016 – via YouTube. 
^ Ross Andersen (September 30, 2014). "Elon Musk puts his case for a multi-planet civilisation". Aeon. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ Jonathan Charlton. "Elon Musk 'Toying' with Designs for Electric Jet". Aviation.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk on dodging a nervous breakdown (2013). YouTube. March 16, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk (South African entrepreneur)". Britannica Online Encyclopedia. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ a b His Biography author Ashlee Vance interviewed on the TV show Triangulation on the TWiT.tv network, discussion of his family starts around the 15th minute
^ Friend, Tad (2009). "Plugged In". The New Yorker. 85 (23–30): 53. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ Masia, Seth (May 2011). "A Family Leads to the Installer Universe". Solar Today. Retrieved December 23, 2012. 
^ a b Elliott, Hannah (March 3, 2012). "At Home With Elon Musk: The (Soon-to-Be) Bachelor Billionaire". Forbes. Retrieved August 12, 2013. 
^ [30][31][32][33]
^ a b Hall, Dana (April 11, 2014). "Rocket Man: The otherworldly ambitions of Elon Musk". San Jose Mercury News. Retrieved April 14, 2014. 
^ Hannah Elliott. "At Home With Elon Musk: The (Soon-to-Be) Bachelor Billionaire". Forbes. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ "Tweet". February 5, 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g Vance, Ashlee (2015). Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future. ISBN 978-0062301239. 
^ a b Pierre Haski (May 28, 2015). "Elon Musk (Tesla, SpaceX): génie ou prédateur de la Silicon Valley?" (in French). rue89.nouvelobs.com. 
^ a b "Play the PC game Elon Musk wrote as a pre-teen". 
^ a b Belfiore, Michael (2007). "Chapter 7: Orbit on a Shoestring". Rocketeers. Harper Collins. pp. 166–95. ISBN 978-0-06-114902-3. 
^ "Blastar for HTML5". blastar-1984.appspot.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ a b "37 Interesting Facts about Elon Musk, One of the Most Innovative Entrepreneurs of Our Time". BoomsBeat.com. February 14, 2014. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Davis, Johnny (August 4, 2007). "One more giant leap". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ Diggelen, Alison van (February 7, 2013). "Iron Man, Growing up in South Africa". Fresh Dialogues. Retrieved November 1, 2013. I actually filled out the forms for her and got her a Canadian passport, and me too. Within three weeks of getting my Canadian passport, I was in Canada. 
^ Robin Keats (2013). "Rocket man". Queen's University. Archived from the original on May 4, 2015. 
^ Inspirations with Elon Musk. OnInnovation. Retrieved June 24, 2010. 
^ Junod, Tom (November 15, 2012). "Triumph of His Will". Esquire. Retrieved November 1, 2013. 
^ Clark, Steve (September 27, 2014). "SpaceX chief: Commercial launch sites necessary step to Mars". Brownsville Herald. Retrieved September 30, 2014. 
^ a b Friedman, Josh (April 22, 2003), "Entrepreneur Tries His Midas Touch in Space", Los Angeles Times 
^ a b c "Elon Musk Biography". Advameg. August 23, 2005. 
^ a b Kidder, David; Hoffman, Reid (2013). The Startup Playbook: Secrets of the Fastest Growing Start-Ups from the founding Entrepreneurs. San Francisco, CA: Chronicle Books. pp. 2224–228. ISBN 978-1452105048. 
^ Junnarkar, Sandeep (February 16, 1999). "Compaq buys Zip2". CNET. 
^ Jackson, Erik (2004). The PayPal Wars. Los Angeles, CA: World Ahead Publishing. pp. 40, 69, 130, 163. 
^ Musk, Elon (October 8, 2003). Success Through Viral Marketing: PayPal. Entrepreneurial Thought Leaders Lecture. 
^ "The PayPal Mafia". Fortune. Retrieved July 4, 2015. 
^ "SEC 10-K" (PDF). eBay. December 31, 2002. 
^ "SEC 10-K". Paypal. December 31, 2001. 
^ McKnight, John Carter (September 25, 2001). "Elon Musk, Life to Mars Foundation". Mars Now, a weekly column. Space Frontier Foundation. 
^ Musk, Elon. "Risky Business". IEEE Spectrum. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
^ a b Vance, Ashlee (May 14, 2015). "Elon Musk's space dream almost killed Tesla". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved June 7, 2015. 
^ "How Steve Jurvetson Saved Elon Musk". Business Insider. September 14, 2012. 
^ SpaceX and Daring to Think Big – Steve Jurvetson. YouTube. January 28, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk (September 8, 2006). "SpaceX wins NASA competition to replace Space Shuttle". SpaceX. 
^ Wayne, Leslie (February 5, 2006). "A Bold Plan to Go Where Men Have Gone Before". The New York Times. Retrieved February 16, 2015. 
^ California Business Search (C2414622 - Space Exploration Technologies Corp) 
^ SpaceX 
^ Harwood, William (May 31, 2012). "SpaceX Dragon returns to Earth, ends historic trip". CBS News. Retrieved August 3, 2013. 
^ COTS 2006 Demo Competition. NASA (accessed August 26, 2014); and announcement "Commercial Orbital Transportation Services Demonstrations". January 18, 2006 (accessed August 26, 2014)
^ "NASA Awards Space Station Commercial Resupply Services Contracts". nasa.gov. NASA. 23 December 2008. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "Boeing And SpaceX Win Billion In NASA Contracts". NPR.org. National Public Radio. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "SpaceX rocket in historic upright landing". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ O'Kane, Sean (2016-05-27). "SpaceX successfully lands a Falcon 9 rocket at sea for the third time". The Verge. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "Is SpaceX Changing the Rocket Equation?". airspacemag.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Clark, Stephen. "100th Merlin 1D engine flies on Falcon 9 rocket – Spaceflight Now". Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ "SpaceX completes 100th Merlin 1D Engine". SpaceX. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Carroll, Roy (July 17, 2013). "Elon Musk's mission to Mars". The Guardian. London, UK. Retrieved July 23, 2013. 
^ a b "75 most influential people: Elon Musk". Esquire. October 1, 2008. 
^ "Space Exploration Technologies Corporation Press Release". SpaceX. Retrieved December 15, 2012. 
^ "Elon Musk: I'll Put a Man on Mars in 10 Years". Market Watch. New York. April 22, 2011. Archived from the original on December 1, 2011. Retrieved December 1, 2011. 
^ Elon Musk speaks at the Hyperloop Pod Award Ceremony (2016.1.30). January 31, 2016. Retrieved February 21, 2016 – via YouTube. 
^ "SpaceX Will Launch Private Mars Missions as Soon as 2018". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ Davenport, Christian (2016-06-13). "Elon Musk provides new details on his ‘mind blowing’ mission to Mars". Washington Post. Retrieved 2016-06-14. 
^ Chang, Kenneth (27 September 2016). "Elon Musk’s Plan: Get Humans to Mars, and Beyond". New York Times. Retrieved 27 September 2016. 
^ Lambert, Fred (November 16, 2016). "Elon Musk’s stake in SpaceX is actually worth more than his Tesla shares". Electrek. Retrieved November 17, 2016. 
^ Burns, Matt (October 8, 2014). "A Brief History of Tesla". TechCrunch. TechCrunch.com. Retrieved June 11, 2015. 
^ Nordqvist, Joseph (February 12, 2014). "Tesla Motors Inc.—Company Information". Market Business News. Archived from the original on February 12, 2014. Retrieved April 16, 2014. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 2, 2006). "The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan (just between you and me) No. 124". Tesla Motors. Archived from the original on August 2, 2010. Retrieved October 3, 2010. [self-published source]
^ Musk, Elon. "CEO Elon Musk". Tesla Motors. Retrieved October 20, 2010. 
^ Morrison, Chris (October 15, 2008). "Musk steps in as CEO". The New York Times. 
^ Graham Ruddick. "Tesla's Model X electric car spreads falcon wings at US launch". the Guardian. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Tesla Model X: Not a model launch". Fortune. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Model X". Tesla Motors. October 29, 2012. 
^ Joann Muller (June 1, 2013). "What Do Toyota And Mercedes See in Tesla? A Bit of Themselves". Forbes.com. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 2, 2006). "The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan (just between you and me)". Tesla Motors. 
^ Hamilton, Tyler (October 12, 2009). "Tesla CEO following in Henry Ford's tracks". Toronto Star. Archived from the original on October 17, 2009. 
^ Del Ray, Jason (May 29, 2013), Musk: You'll Be Able to Drive Your Tesla Cross-Country by Year's End With Supercharger Expansion, All Things D 
^ Claudia Assis; Jeremy C. Owens. "Elon Musk exercises Tesla options, pays million tax bill with own cash". MarketWatch. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ Chris Ziegler (January 29, 2016). "Elon Musk bought million more worth of Tesla this week". The Verge. Vox Media. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ "Tesla's Elon Musk worked for free last year". Fortune. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Durisin, Megan (August 10, 2013). "Musk get US$4.3 million of stock options for Model X work". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ "All Our Patent Are Belong To You". Tesla Motors. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Dana Hull (2016-02-19). "Musk Gets Tesla.com Domain Name After Waiting a Decade". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 2016-03-22. 
^ "Management Team". SolarCity. 
^ Kanellos, Michael (February 15, 2008). "Newsmaker: Elon Musk on rockets, sports cars, and solar power". CNET. 
^ "2013 Top 250 Solar Contractors". Solar Power World. September 13, 2013. 
^ The unveiling of the Tesla Motors Electric Car. Autoblog. Retrieved July 26, 2006. 
^ a b Diggelen, Alison van. "Tesla and SolarCity Collaborate on Clean Energy Storage". KQED. Retrieved June 25, 2012. 
^ Aaron Smith (June 17, 2014). "Elon Musk's sunny plans for Buffalo". CNNMoney. 
^ "Tesla Makes Offer to Acquire SolarCity". www.teslamotors.com. Retrieved 2016-06-22. 
^ "Beyond the hype of Hyperloop: An analysis of Elon Musk's proposed transit system". Gizmag.com. August 22, 2013. Retrieved August 23, 2013. 
^ Ashlee Vance. "Revealed: Elon Musk Explains the Hyperloop, the Solar-Powered High-Speed Future of Inter-City Transportation". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved April 27, 2016. 
^ "Hyperloop Update: Elon Musk Will Start Developing It Himself". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2016-03-22. 
^ "Musk announces plans to build Hyperloop demonstrator". gizmag.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 12, 2013). "Hyperloop Alpha" (PDF). SpaceX. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ Musk, Elon (August 12, 2013). "Hyperloop". Tesla. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ "Hyperloop Designed for Quick, Convenient Commute". ABC News. March 9, 2013. Retrieved August 15, 2013. 
^ "Hyperloop". SpaceX. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ Mazza, Sandy (January 29, 2017). "Hyperloop competition brings new mass-transit technology to life in Hawthorne". Daily Bulletin. 
^ Hawkins, Andrew J. (2017-07-14). "Talking to Hyperloop One about its big ‘Kitty Hawk’ moment — and what comes next". The Verge. Retrieved 2017-07-14. 
^ "Elon Musk Says He Has 'Verbal' OK To Build N.Y.-D.C. Hyperloop". NPR.org. Retrieved 2017-07-25. 
^ Markoff, John (December 11, 2015). "Artificial-Intelligence Research Center Is Founded by Silicon Valley Investors". The New York Times. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ Levy, Steven (December 11, 2015). "How Elon Musk and Y Combinator Plan to Stop Computers From Taking Over". Medium/Backchannel. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk launches Neuralink, a venture to merge the human brain with AI". The Verge. 2017-03-27. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Golson, Jordan (2017-01-25). "Elon Musk: "Without tunnels, we will all be in traffic hell forever"". The Verge. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ "Elon Musk Will Begin Digging His "Boring Company" Tunnel in About A Month". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ Parnell, Brid-Aine. "Elon Musk Teases Traffic-Busting Tunneling Firm 'The Boring Co.'". Forbes. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ Solon, Olivia (January 26, 2017). "Elon Musk to dig tunnel to ease traffic in LA, but he doesn't yet have permission" – via The Guardian. 
^ Mazza, Sandy. "Elon Musk wants to start digging a traffic-relieving tunnel in Hawthorne ‘in a month or so’". Los Angeles Daily Times. Retrieved 2017-01-28. 
^ Chafkin, Max (16 February 2017). "Elon Musk Is Really Boring". Bloomberg. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ Heathman, Amelia. "Elon Musk's boring machine has already built a 'test trench' in LA". WIRED UK. Retrieved 2017-02-19. 
^ Werber, Cassie. "Elon Musk says tax-free carbon is "the dumbest experiment in history"". Quartz. Retrieved 30 August 2016. 
^ "Taxpayer Subsidies Helped Tesla Motors, So Why Does Elon Musk Slam Them?". Mother Jones. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Harkinson, Josh (September 2013). "Taxpayer Subsidies Helped Tesla Motors, So Why Does Elon Musk Slam Them?". Mother Jones. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Hirsch, Jerry (May 30, 2015). "Elon Musk's growing empire is fuelled by  billion in government subsidies". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved June 2, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk: The Way Of The Future". YouTube. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Team, The Transition (December 14, 2016). "President-Elect Trump Announces Additional Members of President’s Strategic and Policy Forum". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Elon Musk and the chief executive of Uber are now advising Donald Trump". Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Donald Trump Adds Elon Musk, Travis Kalanick, and Indra Nooyi to His Team of Advisers". December 14, 2016. Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ OConnell, Justin (December 23, 2016). "Elon Musk, Appointed to Trump's Team of Advisories, Thinks Bitcoin Is a "Good Thing" - CryptoCoinsNews". CryptoCoinsNews. Retrieved April 16, 2017. 
^ "Elon Musk just got more involved with Trump's administration". businessinsider.com. Retrieved January 29, 2017. 
^ "US quits Paris climate pact: Reaction from around the world following the US president's decision on the Paris accord". Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ "Elon Musk anouncing departing presidential councils on Twitter". Retrieved 1 June 2017. 
^ Wattenberg, Ben. "Elon Musk and the frontier of Technology". Think Tank. PBS.org. Retrieved June 12, 2015. 
^ Strange, Adario (2016-11-05). "Elon Musk thinks universal income is answer to automation taking human jobs". mashable.com. Retrieved 2017-02-06. 
^ "Elon Musk on Trump presidency: 'I don't think he's the right guy'". businessinsider.in. Retrieved March 21, 2017. 
^ Lee, Dave (2017-01-26). "Elon Musk: I'm Trump's voice of reason". BBC News. Retrieved 2017-01-29. 
^ a b "Elon Musk, SpaceX Founder, Battles Entrenched Rivals Over NASA Contracts". The Huffington Post. February 20, 2013. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ "Obama and Congress at odds over Elon Musk". fightforvotes.com. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Timothy P. Carney, "Carney: Green stimulus profiteer comes under IRS scrutiny", WashingtonExaminer.com, October 14, 2012.
^ a b "SpaceX blasts off literally and politically". Sunlight Foundation. Retrieved May 30, 2015. 
^ Salant, Jonathan D. (September 27, 2013). "Billionaires Battle as Bezos-Musk Companies Vie for Launch Pad". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg Business. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ Steven Kovach, "Elon Musk Says He Quit Mark Zuckerberg's PAC Because It Was Too Cynical", BusinessInsider.com, May 31, 2013.
^ a b Becker, Sean (December 11, 2013). "Elon Musk Donated to Anti-Science Republicans". Mic. Policy.Mic. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ "Going to Mars with Elon Musk". OnInnovation.com. June 2008. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ a b "Elon Musk and Rainn Wilson discuss colonizing Mars, global warming, and the fear of failure". The Verge. March 19, 2013. Retrieved June 12, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk, CEO and CTO, Space Exploration Technologies Corp (SpaceX), Peter Diamandis, CEO, X Prize Foundation and John Doerr, Venture Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers". YouTube. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Anderson, Ross (September 30, 2014). "The Elon Musk Interview on Mars Colonization". Aeon. Retrieved June 10, 2015. 
^ Gibbs, Samuel (October 27, 2014). "Elon Musk: artificial intelligence is our biggest existential threat". The Guardian. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking think we should ban killer robots". Washington Post. July 28, 2015. Archived from the original on March 8, 2016. Retrieved January 5, 2017. 
^ a b Kosoff, Maya (January 15, 2015). "Elon Musk Is Donating Million To Keep Killer Robots From Taking Over The World". Business Insider. Retrieved December 15, 2015. 
^ Muoio, Danielle (December 11, 2015). "Elon Musk just announced a new artificial intelligence research company". Tech Insider. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Hern, Alex (June 18, 2014). "Elon Musk says he invested in DeepMind over 'Terminator' fears". Retrieved June 10, 2015 – via The Guardian. 
^ "We are living in a computer simulation, Elon Musk says". The Independent. 2016-06-02. Retrieved 2016-06-30. 
^ Matt Hardigree. "Elon Musk Explains How He Wrecked An Uninsured Million McLaren F1". Jalopnik. 
^ Wayne, Leslie (February 5, 2006). "A Bold Plan to Go Where Men Have Gone Before". The New York Times. 
^ FlightAware. "Aircraft Registration N900SK". Retrieved June 25, 2012. 
^ Chris Woodyard,"Tesla's Elon Musk buys 007's sub to make it real", USAToday.com, October 18, 2013; accessed November 13, 2013.
^ "Tosca Musk profile at". Musk entertainment. 
^ Achenbach, Joel. "Elon Musk Wants to Go to Mars" National Geographic November 2016. p. 41.
^ "Elon Musk and SolarCity Donate Solar Power Project to Coastal Response Center in Alabama". Enhanced Online News. Business Wire. 
^ "Elon Musk Donates Solar Power Project to Soma City in Fukushima Prefecture, Japan". BusinessWire.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
^ "What it's like to own a Tesla Model S – Part 2 – The Oatmeal". theoatmeal.com. 
^ Greg Kumparak. "Elon Musk Donates Million to the Oatmeal's Nikola Tesla Museum". TechCrunch. AOL. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk donates M to keep AI beneficial, Future of Life Institute, 2015, retrieved January 20, 2015 
^ "Elon Musk Donates M To Make Sure AI Doesn't Go The Way of Skynet". Mashable. 2015. Retrieved June 21, 2015. 
^ "Elon Musk". XPRIZE. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ Kroll, Luisa (April 19, 2012). "The Giving Pledge Signs on 12 More Wealthy Americans Including Tesla's Elon Musk And Home Depot's Arthur Blank". Forbes. 
^ Durand Streisand, Elizabeth. "A Look at Elon Musk's Rocky Romantic History". Yahoo. Retrieved 29 May 2017. 
^ Junod, Justine (November 14, 2012). "Elon Musk: Triumph of His Will". Esquire. Retrieved November 28, 2012. 
^ Elliott, Hannah. "Elon Musk – In Photos: Forbes Life Elon Musk". Forbes. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Lai, Jennifer (January 19, 2012). "Elon Musk Divorce: Announces Split From Talulah Riley On Twitter". The Huffington Post. Retrieved July 23, 2013. 
^ "Elon Musk Divorce: Announces Split From Talulah Riley On Twitter", The Huffington Post, January 19, 2012.
^ "Billionaire Elon Musk's wife files for divorce", Mashable.com, March 21, 2016.
^ Kimble, Lindsay (November 18, 2016). "lon Musk and Talulah Riley Are Divorced for a Second Time". People. Retrieved April 24, 2017. 
^ Musk, Elon (2017-06-06). "A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!". twitter. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Australian Government. "Zolpidem ("Stilnox") – updated information – February 2008". www.tga.gov.au. Archived from the original on 2007-08-12. Retrieved 2009-06-22. 
^ Matyszczyk, Chris (2017-06-07). "Elon Musk's strange, strange Ambien tweet". CNET. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Tan, Yvette (2017-06-07). "Elon Musk's weird Ambien tweets are back". Mashable. Retrieved 2017-07-09. 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; Ferguson, Joshua Willard; Zalan, Daryl; Van Dyke, Christopher Hugo (November 12, 2013), United States Patent: 8579635 - Funnel shaped charge inlet, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; Ferguson, Joshua Willard; Zalan, Daryl; Van Dyke, Christopher Hugo (March 10, 2015), United States Patent: D724031 - Vehicle charge inlet, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; von Holzhausen, Franz; Lee, Bernard; Imai, David Tadashi (May 28, 2013), United States Patent: D683268 - Vehicle, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Musk, Elon Reeve; von Holzhausen, Franz; Lee, Bernard (March 19, 2013), United States Patent: D678154 - Vehicle door, retrieved 2016-09-23 
^ Priorities in Space Science Enabled by Nuclear Power And Propulsion. The National Academies Press. 2006. ISBN 9780309180108. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Rocket Man". R&D. September 4, 2007. Retrieved April 20, 2016. 
^ Chafkin, Max (December 1, 2007). "Entrepreneur of the Year, 2007: Elon Musk". inc.com. 
^ "Tesla Roadster". Index. 2007. Archived from the original on January 18, 2012. 
^ "Tesla Motors team". Tesla Motors. 
^ "SpaceX successfully launches Falcon 1 to orbit". Space Exploration Technologies Corp. 2008. 
^ "Connie Awards". National Wildlife Federation. 2008. Archived from the original on June 29, 2009. 
^ Michels, Jennifer (March 4, 2009). "Aviation Week Reveals Laureate Award Winners". Aviation Week. 
^ "Space Community Gathers at National Space Society's ISDC 2009" (Press release). National Space Society. June 17, 2009. 
^ "Automotive Executive of the Year". DNV Certification. 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Favreau, Jon (April 29, 2010). "The 2010 Time 100". Time. 
^ "Barron Hilton and Elon Musk honoured with the highest FAI awards". Fédération Aéronautique Internationale. December 16, 2010. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ "Living Legend of Aviation Awards". Kittie Hawk Air Academy. 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ "Caltech Elects Two Innovators to Board of Trustees". 
^ "Trustee List". The California Institute of Technology. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ "Space Foundation Survey Reveals Broad Range of Space Heroes". 
^ Smith, Jacquelyn (February 14, 2011). "America's 20 Most Powerful CEOs 40 And Under". Forbes. Retrieved February 18, 2011. To make this list, you had to be the chief executive of one of the 20 biggest publicly traded companies in the U.S. (as of Feb. 11, by market capitalization) with a CEO aged 40 or under. 
^ Dula, Art (June 16, 2011). "Heinlein Prize Honors Elon Musk of SpaceX". The Heinlein Prize. 
^ "2011 Churchill Club Awards". 
^ "2012 RAeS Gold Medal". 
^ Jonathan Welsh (November 21, 2013). "Tesla's Elon Musk is Fortune Businessperson of the Year". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "IEEE Honorary Membership Recipients" (PDF). IEEE. Retrieved March 25, 2015. 
^ "Social Concepts, Inc: We connect people ™". socialconcepts.com. Retrieved November 4, 2015. 
^ Elon Musk Named Most Influential Person In The Car Business Teslarati, Retrieved 11 May 2016.
^ "The top 10 business visionaries creating value for the world". Business Insider. Business Insider Inc. 
^ "Philanthropists & Social Entrepreneurs Top 200: From Elon Musk to Melinda Gates, These Are the Most Influential Do-Gooders in the World". Richtopia. Retrieved 29 March 2017. 
^ "200 most influential philanthropists in the world". Naij. Retrieved 31 March 2017. 
^ "Graduation show, Art Center College of Design". Cumulusassociation.org. November 23, 2010. Retrieved August 15, 2013. 
^ Surrey celebrates its honorary graduates, Surrey celebrates graduation 2015, Surrey Graduate, Surrey Alumni Society (Autumn/Winter 2009)[dead link]
^ SEAS Celebrates Class of 2015, Honors Innovators Elon Musk and Dean Kamen, 314th commencement (Spring 2015)
^ "Elon Musk SpaceX Tesla on the Simpsons – Business Insider". Business Insider. January 27, 2015. Retrieved April 19, 2015. 
^ "Tesla CEO Elon Musk To Appear On Upcoming Episode Of The Big Bang Theory - CBS.com". CBS. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ "‘DC’s Legends of Tomorrow’ Power Rankings, Week 2: Burn, Baby, Burn – Observer". Observer. January 29, 2016. Retrieved February 7, 2016. 
^ Field, Kyle. "Tesla Stars In "Racing Extinction" Documentary". CleanTechnica. Retrieved 11 July 2016. 
^ Bova, Dan. "'Why Him?' Director on Elon Musk's Amazing 'I Can't Come to Work Today' Excuse". entrepreneur.com. Retrieved January 29, 2017. 


Further reading

Vance, Ashlee. Elon Musk: How the Billionaire CEO of SpaceX and Tesla is Shaping our Future. Virgin Books (2015). ISBN 9780753555620. Afterthoughts by Ashlee Vance

External links

Find more aboutElon Muskat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity
Data from Wikidata



Elon Musk on IMDb
SolarCity official website
SpaceX official website
Tesla official website
Paypal official website
Open AI official website

Articles

Gimien, Mark (August 17, 1999). "Fast Track". Salon. 
Statement of Elon Musk at House Space and Aeronautics Subcommittee Hearings on the Future Market for Commercial Space (2005)
History of PayPal, gawker.com (2007)
Bailey, Brandon (2010). "Elon Musk: Will his Silicon Valley story have a Hollywood ending?". San Jose Mercury News. 
"Science Fiction Books That Inspired Elon Musk", MediaBistro.com, March 19, 2013.
"Elon Musk’s Space Dream Almost Killed Tesla" (Bloomberg, 2015)

Interviews

Appearances on C-SPAN
"An interview with Elon Musk". HobbySpace. August 5, 2003. 
"Lift off with Elon Musk". Carte Blanche. September 4, 2005. Archived from the original on September 28, 2007. 
Bergin, Chris (January 20, 2006). "SpaceX's Musk and Thompson Q and A". nasaspaceflight.com. 
Video interview of Elon Musk by Zadi Diaz of EPIC FU, June 17, 2008. Retrieved April 27, 2014
Gray, Sadie (January 4, 2009). "Forget the bungalow, retire to Mars". Sunday Times. London, UK. Retrieved April 27, 2014. 
Musk profile onInnovation.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014
An interview at the Founders Showcase, August 5, 2010
Elon Musk: 'I'm planning to retire to Mars', video interview for The Guardian, August 1, 2010
60 Minutes interview; March 18, 2012.
A 20 minute interview about sending humans to Mars with BBC's Jonathan Amos, March 20, 2012
Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity, ted.com. Retrieved April 27, 2014
Musk, Elon (January 6, 2015). "I am Elon Musk, CEO/CTO of a rocket company, AMA!". Reddit.com. Retrieved January 7, 2015. 
Elon Musk Powers Up: Inside Tesla's Billion Gigafactory Fast Company (magazine), November 2015
Elon Musk Profiled, Bloomberg Risk Takers (45min) - same video on YouTube
Elon Musk: The future we're building — and boring, ted.com. Retrieved May 7, 2017



Biography portal
Business and economics portal
Cars portal
Ecology portal
Space portal
United States portal








v
t
e


Elon Musk



Companies



Zip2 (1995–1999)
PayPal (1999–2002)
SpaceX (2002–present)
Tesla Motors (2004–present)
SolarCity (2006–present)
OpenAI (2015–present)
The Boring Company (2016–present)
Neuralink (2017–present)





Other endeavors



Hyperloop
Wet Nellie





Family



Maye Musk (mother)
Justine Musk (first wife)
Talulah Riley (second and third wife)
Kimbal Musk (brother)
Tosca Musk (sister)
Lyndon Rive (cousin, CEO of SolarCity)









 Category
 WikiQuote
 Commons













v
t
e


Tesla, Inc.



People



Elon Musk (CEO, Chief Product Architect)
JB Straubel (CTO)
Franz von Holzhausen (Chief Designer)
Martin Eberhard (co-founder, inaugural CEO)








Products




Sedans



Model S
Model 3





Crossovers/SUVs



Model X





Sports cars



Roadster (discontinued)





Others



Powerwall
Autopilot








Collaborations



Mercedes A-Class E-Cell
Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive
Smart electric drive
RAV4 EV Second generation





Facilities



Tesla Factory
Gigafactory 1
Gigafactory Europe
Superchargers and battery-swapping stations
SolarCity Gigafactory





Other



History

Timeline


Dealership disputes
SolarCity









 Category
 Commons













v
t
e


PayPal Mafia



Individuals



Peter Thiel
Reid Hoffman
Max Levchin
Ken Howery
Luke Nosek
Elon Musk
Steve Chen
Keith Rabois
Chad Hurley
Roelof Botha
Jawed Karim
Yishan Wong
Eric M. Jackson
David O. Sacks
Premal Shah
Russel Simmons
Jeremy Stoppelman





Companies founded
or co-founded



PayPal
LinkedIn
YouTube
Slide.com
Yelp
Geni.com
Yammer
SpaceX
Tesla, Inc.
Palantir Technologies
Kiva.org





Investments



Friendster
Facebook
Powerset
Vator
Six Apart
Zynga
IronPort
Flickr
Digg
Grockit
Ooma
Quantcast
RapLeaf
SmartDrive Systems
TransferWise
Ping.fm
Nanosolar
Knewton
Kongregate
Last.fm
TokBox
Xoom
Joost





Funds



Founders Fund
Clarium Capital
Greylock Partners
Sequoia Capital





Other



The PayPal Wars
Thank You for Smoking
The Stanford Review












v
t
e


SpaceX



Vehicles





Rockets






Current




Falcon 9

Full Thrust








In development




Falcon 9 Block 5
Falcon Heavy
ITS launch vehicle






Retired




Falcon 1
Falcon 9

v1.0
v1.1








Cancelled




Falcon 1e
Falcon 5
Falcon 9 Air









Test vehicles




Grasshopper (retired)
F9R Dev1† (destroyed)
DragonFly






Spacecraft




Dragon
Dragon 2
Interplanetary Spaceship
ITS tanker






Reusable hardware




Recovered boosters

B1019


Reused boosters

B1021
B1029


Reused capsules

C106













Engines



Merlin (1A, 1B, 1C, 1D, Vacuum)
Kestrel
Draco
SuperDraco
Raptor
Methalox thruster





Missions





Falcon 1




Demo 1† (FalconSAT-2)
Demo 2† (DemoSat)
Flight 3†

Trailblazer
PRESat
NanoSail-D
Explorers


Ratsat
RazakSAT






Falcon 9






Demonstration flights




Dragon Spacecraft Qualification Unit
NASA COTS Demo Flight 1
Dragon C2+






Dragon ISS logistics




CRS-1
CRS-2
CRS-3
CRS-4
CRS-5
CRS-6
CRS-7†
CRS-8
CRS-9
CRS-10
CRS-11
CRS-12
CRS-13
CRS-14
CRS-15
CRS-16
CRS-17
CRS-18
CRS-19
CRS-20
(missions contracted up to CRS-26)






Commercial satellites




SES-8
Thaicom 6
Orbcomm OG2 × 6
AsiaSat 8
AsiaSat 6
ABS-3A / Eutelsat 115 West B
TürkmenÄlem 52°E
Orbcomm OG2 × 11
SES-9
JCSAT-14
Thaicom 8
ABS-2A / Eutelsat 117 West B
JCSAT-16
Amos-6†
Iridium NEXT 1–10
EchoStar 23
SES-10
Inmarsat-5 F4
BulgariaSat-1
Iridium NEXT 11–20
Intelsat 35e
SES-11
Iridium NEXT 21–30
Koreasat 5A
Iridium NEXT 31–40
Paz
Bangabandhu-1
Iridium NEXT 41–50
SES-16 / GovSat-1
Hispasat 30W-6






Scientific satellites




CASSIOPE
DSCOVR
Jason-3
FormoSat-5
SAOCOM 1A






Military satellites




NROL-76
X-37B OTV-5









Falcon Heavy




Demo Flight
ArabSat 6A
USAF STP-2

DSX
FormoSat-7
LightSail 2
GPIM
DSAC
ISAT


Moon tourists
ViaSat 3
Red Dragon








Launch sites





Orbital




Cape Canaveral, Florida

CCAFS Launch Complex 40
Kennedy Launch Pad 39A


Vandenberg, California

Launch Complex 4E


Brownsville, Texas

Boca Chica


Kwajalein, Marshall Islands

Omelek Island†








Suborbital




McGregor test site
New Mexico test site†








Landing sites



Autonomous spaceport drone ships
Landing Zone 1, Cape Canaveral
Launch Complex 4W, Vandenberg





Other facilities



Headquarters and factory (Hawthorne, California)
Rocket development and test facility (McGregor, Texas)
Satellite development facility (Redmond, Washington)
Regional offices (Chantilly, Houston, Seattle, Washington DC)





Contracts



Commercial Orbital Transportation Services (COTS)
Commercial Resupply Services (CRS)
Commercial Crew Development (CCDev)
Commercial Crew integrated Capability (CCiCap)





R&D programs



SpaceX reusable launch system development program
Falcon 9 first-stage landing tests
Interplanetary Transport System
Red Dragon
SpaceX satellite constellation





People



Elon Musk (CEO, CTO)
Gwynne Shotwell (President & COO)
Tom Mueller (Vice President of Propulsion Development)






Italics indicate unflown vehicles and future missions or sites. † denotes failed missions, destroyed vehicles and abandoned sites.







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 306339060
LCCN: n2014017754
ISNI: 0000 0004 2658 2862
GND: 1062481119
NDL: 001156447










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Elon_Musk&oldid=792423717"					
Categories: Elon Musk1971 births20th-century American businesspeople20th-century American engineers21st-century American businesspeople21st-century American engineersAlumni of Pretoria Boys High SchoolAmerican aerospace businesspeopleAmerican aerospace designersAmerican aerospace engineersAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican chief executives in the automobile industryAmerican chief executives of energy companiesAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican chief executives of manufacturing companiesAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer programmersAmerican corporate directorsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican founders of automobile manufacturersAmerican inventorsAmerican investorsAmerican libertariansAmerican nonprofit executivesAmerican people of British descentAmerican people of Canadian descentAmerican philanthropistsAmerican software engineersAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersAmerican transhumanistsAmerican transportation businesspeopleAutomotive pioneersBasic income proponentsBusinesspeople from Los AngelesBusinesspeople in softwareCalifornia Institute of Technology trusteesChief technology officersEngineers from CaliforniaGiving PledgersLiving peopleHyperloopPayPal peoplePeople associated with solar powerPeople from PretoriaPeople with acquired Canadian citizenshipPioneers of rail transportRoyal Aeronautical Society Gold Medal winnersSouth African emigrants to the United StatesSouth African people of Canadian descentSouth African people of British descentSouth African people of German descentSpace advocatesSpaceX peopleStanford University peopleSustainable transport pioneersTesla Inc. peopleTranshumanistsWharton School of the University of Pennsylvania alumniWhite South African peoplePeople with acquired American citizenship21st-century inventors20th-century Canadian businesspeople21st-century Canadian businesspeopleSouth African business executivesCanadian aerospace engineersSouth African engineersCanadian billionairesSouth African billionairesCanadian chief executivesSouth African chief executivesCanadian computer businesspeopleCanadian computer programmersSouth African computer programmersCanadian corporate directorsSouth African corporate directorsCanadian inventorsSouth African inventorsCanadian financial company foundersSouth African company foundersCanadian investorsSouth African investorsCanadian libertariansCanadian nonprofit executivesCanadian people of British descentCanadian people of South African descentCanadian philanthropistsSouth African philanthropistsCanadian software engineersCanadian technology chief executivesCanadian technology company foundersCanadian transhumanistsCanadian people of German descentAmerican people of Pennsylvania Dutch descentHidden categories: CS1 French-language sources (fr)Accuracy disputes from May 2015All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2016Wikipedia semi-protected pagesUse American English from November 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from February 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with failed verificationArticles with failed verification from October 2015Wikipedia articles in need of updating from March 2016All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBoarischBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalegoગુજરાતી한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLumbaartMagyarमैथिलीMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीМонголNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayZazakiŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 12:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 
















Elon Musk - IMDb














































































 
    










 
IMDb




More





All
Titles
TV Episodes
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots










Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes




MOVIES

In Theaters
Showtimes & Tickets
Latest Trailers
Coming Soon
Release Calendar
Top Rated Movies
Top Rated Indian Movies
Most Popular Movies

CHARTS & TRENDS

Box Office
Oscar Winners
Most Popular by Genre



TV & VIDEO

IMDb TV
On Tonight
Top Rated TV Shows
Most Popular TV Shows
Watch Now on Amazon
DVD & Blu-Ray

SPECIAL FEATURES

Amazon Originals
Streaming
Comic-Con
IMDb Picks
Superheroes







Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos




CELEBS

Born Today
Celebrity News
Most Popular Celebs

PHOTOS

Latest Stills
Latest Posters
Photos We Love



EVENTS

Awards Central
Oscars
Golden Globes
Sundance
Cannes
Comic-Con
Emmy Awards
Venice Film Festival
Toronto Film Festival
Festival Central
Tribeca
All Events







News &
Community





LATEST HEADLINES


 ‘Game of Thrones': HBO Says Final Season Scripts Done, Air Date Still Not Decided

2 hours ago


 Joss Whedon Will Be A Major Part Of DC Films’ Creative Team, Zack Snyder May Take Smaller Role

12 hours ago


 James Cameron Considering a New ‘Terminator’ Trilogy

11 hours ago





NEWS

Top News
Movie News
TV News
Celebrity News
Indie News

COMMUNITY

Contributor Zone
Polls







Watchlist




            YOUR WATCHLIST
    













 
 


 



The leading information resource for the entertainment industry
Find industry contacts & talent representation
Manage your photos, credits, & more
Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
Go to IMDbPro


|

Help


 

 

 










Sign in with Facebook
Other Sign in options










 








 














 







STARmeter
SEE RANK


Down
153
this week


View rank on IMDbPro
»



 Elon Musk


 
Actor |
 
Producer |
 
Miscellaneous Crew





Elon Musk was born on June 28, 1971 in Pretoria, South Africa as Elon Reeve Musk. He is an actor and producer, known for Machete Kills (2013), Iron Man 2 (2010) and Revenge of the Electric Car (2011). He was previously married to Talulah Riley and Justine Musk.            
See full bio »
            
 


Born:

June 28, 
     
1971

            in
            Pretoria, South Africa





More at IMDbPro »
 Contact Info:
 View company













 


7 photos
|
2 videos
|
357 news articles »                
















 
    


ad feedback




Quick Links

 


Biography




Awards




Photo Gallery




 


Filmography (by Job)




Trailers and Videos







Filmography



by Year




by Job




by Ratings




by Votes




by Genre




by Keyword



Personal Details



Biography




Other Works




Publicity Listings




Official Sites




Contact Info (IMDbPro)



Did You Know?



Personal Quotes




Trivia 




Trademark



Photo & Video



Photo Gallery




Trailers and Videos



Opinion



Awards



Related Items



Credited With




NewsDesk




External Sites



Professional Services



Promote yourself with a resume




Add or change photos




Get more at IMDbPro





Explore More
Show Less






   Katheryn Winnick Shows Off Her Superpowers                         From aboard the IMDboat at San Diego Comic-Con, "Vikings" star Katheryn Winnick reveals to Kevin Smith her secret superpower. This and more in our Guide to Comic-Con. Watch the video 






Share this page:
















   Who Wore It Best at Comic-Con?                       Check out some of our favorite Comic-Con cosplayers, who in some cases looked every bit as good as their inspirations. Compare cosplayers with their inspirations 






 






Related News


Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg’s Artificial Intelligence Divide: Experts Weigh In



                                  25 July 2017 11:22 AM, -08:00
                                
|
The Wrap





Elon Musk Calls Out Mark Zuckerberg’s ‘Limited Understanding’ of Artificial Intelligence



                                  25 July 2017 7:24 AM, -08:00
                                
|
The Wrap





NYC to DC in 29 Minutes? Elon Musk Has ‘Verbal Govt Approval’



                                  20 July 2017 11:36 AM, -08:00
                                
|
The Wrap




See all 357 related articles »
            









  Around The Web  |  Powered by ZergNet        






On Amazon Video



Watch Now


 Thank You for Smoking
 



Watch Now


 Iron Man 2
 



Watch Now


 Lo and Behold, Reveries of the Connected World
 



Watch Now


 Why Him?
 



Watch Now


 Racing Extinction
 



See more on Amazon Video »
                








Create a list »
                
User Lists
Related lists from IMDb users


 


The Next Tony Stark



            a list of 6 people
            created 18 Jun 2014
        
 



 


Eintragen 2



            a list of 160 people
            created 03 May 2015
        
 



 


Birthdays: June 28



            a list of 113 people
            created 28 Jun 2015
        
 



 


Stars That Are Mixed With/Or Is French Or French Canadian!



            a list of 325 people
            created 06 Jun 2016
        
 



 


Out of Africa - Greatest African



            a list of 25 people
            created 11 months ago
        
 


See all related lists »
                







Do you have a demo reel?
Add it to your IMDbPage









Find out more at IMDb Pro »
        






Connect with IMDb









How Much Have You Seen?
How much of Elon Musk's work have you seen?





User Polls


 To be continued... IN SPAAACE!

 Save Our Wildlife

 Tribute: Iconic Black Male Movie Characters

 Dads of Famous Super Heroes

 Most Expensive Movies Per Minute

 Top 20 all-time highest-grossing monosyllabic movies

See more polls »







 








Known For


 
 
Machete Kills
Himself

(2013)


 
 
Iron Man 2
Elon Musk

(2010)


 
 
Revenge of the Electric Car
Himself - CEO, Tesla Motors

(2011)


 
 
Racing Extinction
Himself (Tesla Motors)

(2015)











 Show all


 Hide all

 | 


Show by...
Job
Year »
Rating »
Number of Ratings »
Genre »
Keyword »


 | 
 Edit
 
Filmography

Jump to:
Actor
| Producer
| Miscellaneous Crew
| Thanks
| Self
| Archive footage



Hide 
Show 
Actor (5 credits)




 2016

Why Him?

Elon Musk



 2016

South Park
(TV Series)

Elon Musk

- The End of Serialization as We Know It
(2016)
... Elon Musk
(voice)


- Not Funny
(2016)
... Elon Musk
(voice)


- Members Only
(2016)
... Elon Musk
(voice)




 2015

The Big Bang Theory
(TV Series)

Elon Musk

- The Platonic Permutation
(2015)
... Elon Musk




 2015

The Simpsons
(TV Series)

Elon Musk

- The Musk Who Fell to Earth
(2015)
... Elon Musk
(voice)




 2010

Iron Man 2

Elon Musk



Hide 
Show 
Producer (5 credits)




 2013

The Rider and The Storm
(Documentary short) (executive producer)




 2012

Baseball in the Time of Cholera
(Documentary short) (executive producer)




 2010

Dumbstruck
(Documentary) (executive producer)




 2005

Thank You for Smoking
(executive producer)




 2001

Puzzled
(executive producer)




Hide 
Show 
Miscellaneous Crew (1 credit)




 1994

Cadillacs and Dinosaurs: The Second Cataclysm
(Video Game) (rocket scientist)




Hide 
Show 
Thanks (1 credit)




 2017

Strafe
(Video Game) (special thanks)




Hide 
Show 
Self (25 credits)




 2016

Before the Flood
(Documentary)

Himself



 2015-2016

Jeopardy!
(TV Series)

Himself - Video Clue Presenter

- Episode #32.138
(2016)
... Himself - Video Clue Presenter


- Episode #31.190
(2015)
... Himself - Video Clue Presenter


- Episode #31.114
(2015)
... Himself - Video Clue Presenter




 2016

Lo and Behold, Reveries of the Connected World
(Documentary)

Himself



 2015

The Late Show with Stephen Colbert
(TV Series)

Himself

- Scarlett Johansson/Elon Musk/Kendrick Lamar
(2015)
... Himself




 2015

The Science of Interstellar
(Documentary)

Himself - 'SpaceX'



 2015

Racing Extinction
(Documentary)

Himself (Tesla Motors)



 2014

Breakthrough Prize 2014
(TV Movie)

Himself - Presenter



 2014

Pump
(Documentary)

Himself



 2014/I

Transcendence

Himself
(uncredited)



 2008-2014

60 Minutes
(TV Series documentary)

Himself - Entrepreneur (segment "Fast Cars and Rocket Ships")
/ Himself - CEO SpaceX (segment "SpaceX")
/ Himself - Chairman, Tesla Motors (segment "The Race For The Electric Car")

- Rigged/Fast Cars and Rocket Ships/The Virtuoso
(2014)
... Himself - Entrepreneur (segment "Fast Cars and Rocket Ships")


- SpaceX/Face Blindness
(2012)
... Himself - CEO SpaceX (segment "SpaceX")


- Wall Street's Shadow Market/Kill Bin Laden/The Race for the Electric Car
(2008)
... Himself - Chairman, Tesla Motors (segment "The Race For The Electric Car")




 2013

Machete Kills

Himself



 2013

Newsround
(TV Series)

Himself - Contributor (inventor)

- 13/08/2013: 16:20
(2013)
... Himself - Contributor (inventor)




 2013

Jimmy Kimmel Live!
(TV Series)

Himself

- Episode #10.336
(2013)
... Himself




 2012

Late Night with Jimmy Fallon
(TV Series)

Himself - Guest

- Episode #5.14
(2012)
... Himself - Guest




 2012

CBS This Morning
(TV Series)

Himself - Guest

- Episode #1.185
(2012)
... Himself - Guest




 2012

Metaphysical Milkshake
(TV Series)

Himself - Guest



 2012

The Daily Show
(TV Series)

Himself

- Elon Musk
(2012)
... Himself




 2009-2011

Charlie Rose
(TV Series)

Himself - Guest

- Episode dated 9 November 2011
(2011)
... Himself - Guest


- Episode dated 11 August 2011
(2011)
... Himself - Guest


- Episode dated 11 August 2009
(2009)
... Himself - Guest




 2011

Risk Takers
(TV Series documentary)

Himself - Businessman

- Elon Musk
(2011)
... Himself - Businessman




 2011

Revenge of the Electric Car
(Documentary)

Himself - CEO, Tesla Motors



 2010

The Colbert Report
(TV Series)

Himself - Guest

- Elon Musk
(2010)
... Himself - Guest




 2010

Die 4. Revolution - Energy Autonomy
(TV Movie documentary)

Himself



 2009

Late Show with David Letterman
(TV Series)

Himself - Guest

- Episode #16.130
(2009)
... Himself - Guest




 2009

Kevin Pollak's Chat Show
(TV Series)

Himself

- Jason Antoon/Elon Musk
(2009)
... Himself




 2008

Epic Fu
(TV Series)

Himself

- Tesla Supercar,
(2008)
... Himself




Hide 
Show 
Archive footage (1 credit)




 2012

60 Minutes
(TV Series documentary)

Himself - CEO SpaceX (segment "SpaceX")

- SpaceX/The Murder of an American Nazi/Angelina
(2012)
... Himself - CEO SpaceX (segment "SpaceX")



 









Related Videos



 


 


    
    @csm.csm_widget />
            



 Edit
 
Personal Details

Publicity Listings:
    2 Print Biographies |
    46 Articles |
    3 Magazine Cover Photos |

See more
»
        


Official Sites:
Google+
|
Instagram
| 
See more

                »
        


Height:
6' 2" (1.88 m)        








 Edit
 
Did You Know?

Personal Quote:
The reason we should do a carbon tax is because it's the right thing to do. It's economics 101, elementary stuff.                    
See more

                    »
        


Trivia:
Chairman, Solar City.                    
See more

                    »
        


Star Sign:
Cancer








Getting Started
|
Contributor Zone »
Contribute to This Page




Edit page



Add resume








   Get Caught Up on Comic-Con    Catch up with everything you missed at Comic-Con with IMDb's 2017 Comic-Con Guide.                  Black Panther Cast Members on Becoming Their Characters                   Chris Hemsworth and Taika Waititi Are Excited About Thor: Ragnarok           Browse Our Guide to Comic-Con 










 





 






IMDb Everywhere

 

 

 


Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!
IMDb Mobile site




      Follow IMDb on
      
 

 

 









Home
Top Rated Movies
Box Office
TV
Coming Soon
Site Index
Search
In Theaters




Contact Us
 Register

News

Press Room
Advertising
Jobs




IMDbPro
 Box Office Mojo

 Withoutabox


Conditions of Use
Privacy Policy
 Interest-Based Ads










Copyright © 1990-2017
                IMDb.com, Inc.


                An Amazon.com company.
            




                Amazon Affiliates
            





Amazon Video
Watch Movies &TV Online






Prime Video
Unlimited Streamingof Movies & TV






Amazon Germany
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon Italy
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon France
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon India
Buy Movie andTV Show DVDs






DPReview
DigitalPhotography






Audible
DownloadAudio Books






























Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      














































































Elon Musk Quotes - BrainyQuote



































 Authors:

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M


N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z



 | 
Follow Us: 















Please enable Javascript
This site requires Javascript be enabled to provide you the best experience. Some features may not be available with
Javascript disabled!

 















When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.


Elon Musk






 
 

 
 
 













Related Authors 


Steve Jobs


Warren Buffett


Henry Ford


Bill Gates


Jim Rohn


Stephen Covey


Peter Drucker


Les Brown




Popular Topics 


Motivational Quotes


Inspirational Quotes


Life Quotes


Friendship Quotes


Love Quotes


Positive Quotes


Funny Quotes


Smile Quotes




More 


Top 10 Elon Musk Quotes



Find on Amazon:
Elon Musk

Cite this page


Language
Español
Français

About
About Us

Privacy

Terms





Elon Musk Quotes

American
-
Businessman

Born: June 28, 1971










































   Loading...







When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.
Elon Musk


Motivational,
Important,
You























I think it's very important to have a feedback loop, where you're constantly thinking about what you've done and how you could be doing it better. I think that's the single best piece of advice: constantly think about how you could be doing things better and questioning yourself.
Elon Musk


Communication,
Best

























Life is too short for long-term grudges.
Elon Musk


Life,
Short,
Grudges
























Patience is a virtue, and I'm learning patience. It's a tough lesson.
Elon Musk


Learning,
Patience,
Tough























If you're trying to create a company, it's like baking a cake. You have to have all the ingredients in the right proportion.
Elon Musk


Business,
Cake,
Trying



















Brand is just a perception, and perception will match reality over time. Sometimes it will be ahead, other times it will be behind. But brand is simply a collective impression some have about a product.
Elon Musk


Business,
Time,
Brand



















Great companies are built on great products.
Elon Musk


Business,
Great,
Products



















I think that's the single best piece of advice: constantly think about how you could be doing things better and questioning yourself.
Elon Musk


Best,
Yourself,
Advice



















If you get up in the morning and think the future is going to be better, it is a bright day. Otherwise, it's not.
Elon Musk


Morning,
Future,
Day
























Some people don't like change, but you need to embrace change if the alternative is disaster.
Elon Musk


Change,
People,
Some People




















Any product that needs a manual to work is broken.
Elon Musk


Work,
Design,
Broken























It's OK to have your eggs in one basket as long as you control what happens to that basket.
Elon Musk


Business,
Control,
Long




















I would like to die on Mars. Just not on impact.
Elon Musk


Space,
Impact,
Die


























Top 10
Elon Musk
Quotes





View the list






I think it's very important to have a feedback loop, where you're constantly thinking about what you've done and how you could be doing it better.
Elon Musk


Thinking,
Feedback,
Better



















My background educationally is physics and economics, and I grew up in sort of an engineering environment - my father is an electromechanical engineer. And so there were lots of engineery things around me.
Elon Musk


Father,
Economics,
Physics
























Really, the only thing that makes sense is to strive for greater collective enlightenment.
Elon Musk


Brainy,
Enlightenment,
Sense



















I think life on Earth must be about more than just solving problems... It's got to be something inspiring, even if it is vicarious.
Elon Musk


Life,
Problems,
Earth



















If something's important enough, you should try. Even if you - the probable outcome is failure.
Elon Musk


Failure,
Important,
You



















I do love email. Wherever possible I try to communicate asynchronously. I'm really good at email.
Elon Musk


Love,
Communication,
Good



















Obviously Tesla is about helping solve the consumption of energy in a sustainable manner, but you need the production of energy in a sustainable manner.
Elon Musk


Energy,
You,
Need



















I think you should always bear in mind that entropy is not on your side.
Elon Musk


Change,
Mind,
Think



















SpaceX is only 12 years old now. Between now and 2040, the company's lifespan will have tripled. If we have linear improvement in technology, as opposed to logarithmic, then we should have a significant base on Mars, perhaps with thousands or tens of thousands of people.
Elon Musk


Technology,
Improvement
























The future of humanity is going to bifurcate in two directions: Either it's going to become multiplanetary, or it's going to remain confined to one planet and eventually there's going to be an extinction event.
Elon Musk


Future,
Humanity,
Two



















In order for us to have a future that's exciting and inspiring, it has to be one where we're a space-bearing civilization.
Elon Musk


Future,
Space,
Order



















If you go back a few hundred years, what we take for granted today would seem like magic - being able to talk to people over long distances, to transmit images, flying, accessing vast amounts of data like an oracle. These are all things that would have been considered magic a few hundred years ago.
Elon Musk


Today,
Flying,
Magic



















The problem is that at a lot of big companies, process becomes a substitute for thinking. You're encouraged to behave like a little gear in a complex machine. Frankly, it allows you to keep people who aren't that smart, who aren't that creative.
Elon Musk


Business,
Thinking,
Smart


































Share this page: 






























Cite this Page:
Citation







Find on Amazon:
Elon Musk
















Related Authors



Steve Jobs




Warren Buffett




Henry Ford




Bill Gates




Jim Rohn




Stephen Covey




Peter Drucker




Les Brown


































BrainyQuote Desktop
BrainyQuote Mobile













Site

Home
Authors
Topics
Quote Of The Day
Pictures
Top 100 Quotes
Professions
Birthdays




Social
BQ on Facebook
BQ on Twitter
BQ on Pinterest
BQ on Google+
BQ on Instagram


Shop
BrainyQuote Store




Apps
iPhone/iPad app

Quote Of The Day Feeds
Javascript and RSS feeds
WordPress plugin
Quote of the Day Email




About
About Us
Contact Us
Submit
Privacy
Terms









Copyright © 2001 - 2017 BrainyQuote



Language:
Español | Français













   Loading...


Load more quotes






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Elon Musk: Innovator, Future-Thinker... Failure?














Simply sign up to our daily Energy and Capital e-letter to get our new report.
Elon Musk: Innovator, Future-Thinker... Failure?


Your email address:







July 27th, 2017
He’s the real-life Tony Stark.
Brilliant, good-looking, beats impossible odds...
The world is fascinated by Elon Musk and his shiny Tesla’s.
He’s had some huge successes...
But also some shocking failures...
He’s a hugely important figure within the investing world, especially within the world of renewable energy.
And that’s why we’ve written a free report about him and his creations. It’s called “Rockets, Cars, and Solar Cells: Elon Musk's Innovative Future.”
Musk is at the center of renewable energy, self-driving cars, and space. You really can’t be an investor without knowing his story and where he’s going next...
To access your free report, simply enter your email.
The future is here, and Elon Musk is at the center of it.
Don’t waste your time.
Read “Rockets, Cars, and Solar Cells: Elon Musk's Innovative Future” today.


Your email address:








After getting your report, you'll begin to receive the Energy and Capital e-letter in your inbox daily.
Become an Energy and Capital member today. There's absolutely no obligation — ever.
_______________________
NO-SPAM PLEDGE: Under no circumstance will we EVER rent, sell or give away your email address for any reason. Unsubscribing from Energy and Capital is quick, easy, and painless... with just a few clicks. View our Privacy Policy.
The content on Energy and Capital is not personalized investment advice. Our employees strive to give smart, stimulating commentary, but are not licensed to address or give advice on individual investment situations. Nothing you receive from Energy and Capital should be considered personal investment advice. Any investments recommended by Energy and Capital should only be made after consulting with your investment advisor and only after reviewing the prospectus or financial statements of the company. All investments carry risk of significant loss.
Copyright 2017 - Energy and Capital
Energy and Capital is published by Angel Publishing, 111 Market Place, #720, Baltimore, MD 21202


 






	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































