

MV EI Fund IV LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











MV EI Fund IV LLC  Funding details


MV EI Fund IV LLC Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001687579IRS Number: 814078818Address: 2905 SAN GABRIEL ST. STE. 212 AUSTIN 78705Phone number: 512-484-6370



Latest news
MV EI Fund IV LLC raised $1,498,000 from 96 investors on 2017-01-03.



MV EI Fund IV LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-01-03Amended Form D$2,000,000$1,498,000$502,000$3,0009606b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2016-12-22Amended Form D$2,000,000$1,497,968$502,032$3,0008606b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2016-12-09Amended Form D$2,000,000$1,432,960$567,040$3,0008006b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2016-11-28Amended Form D$2,000,000$1,394,960$605,040$3,0008006b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2016-11-17Amended Form D$2,000,000$1,341,985$658,015$3,0007806b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2016-11-08Amended Form D$2,000,000$1,267,005$732,995$3,0007306b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2016-10-27Amended Form D$2,000,000$949,000$1,051,000$3,0006106b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2016-10-17New Form D$2,000,000$446,000$1,554,000$6,0003006b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]
MV EI Fund IV LLC raised $1,498,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of MV EI Fund IV LLC
Key People in MV EI Fund IV LLC:

William ClarkTyler Gray
Similar companiesMVS Diversified Fund LP, mVisum, Inc., MVP GLOBAL LLC, MVRx, Inc., MVA Capital Group, LLC, MVR Holdings, LLC, MVP RV, Inc., MVG Holdings LLC, MVC Private Equity Fund, L.P., MV Portfolios, Inc., MVP Holdings Corp, MVB FINANCIAL CORP








Last visited companies: PointArgentum Fund Ltd, Potomac Health Solutions, Inc., Power of 32 Site Development Fund Partners, LP, Presidio Trails Apartments, LLLP, Project AX, LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.



















MV EI Fund IV LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Clark  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









MV EI Fund IV LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    2905 San Gabriel St. Ste. 212 
    Austin, TX, 78705Phone: 512-484-6370 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-01-03


Amended


$1,498,000


$32


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2016-12-22


Amended


$1,497,968


$65,008


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2016-12-09


Amended


$1,432,960


$38,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2016-11-28


Amended


$1,394,960


$52,975


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2016-11-17


Amended


$1,341,985


$74,980


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2016-11-08


Amended


$1,267,005


$318,005


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2016-10-27


Amended


$949,000


$503,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2016-10-17


New


$446,000


$446,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 William Michael Clark 
 Executive, Promoter 


 Tyler Randall Gray 
 Executive 





















 


 





MicroVentures | Invest In Startups










































     MicroVentures Logo      MicroVentures Logo      MicroVentures Logo, large text             MicroVentures Logo      mv-icon-reply    mv-icon-bubble    mv-icon-bin     Indiegogo Logo      MV_IGG_FDVC_horizontal                                   MV_IGG_FDVC_stacked                                          The Grilled Cheese Truck offered by First Democracy VC, a new equity crowdfunding portal from    and      The Grilled Cheese Truck offered by First Democracy VC,  a new equity crowdfunding portal from     and                The Grilled Cheese Truck The Grilled Cheese Truck serves innovative, gourmet, and seasonal grilled cheese melts that have appeared on numerous “best of” lists. Big Cheese Inc. (BCI) intends to capitalize on the success of The Grilled Cheese Truck brand by expanding domestically and internationally with the addition of more trucks, brick-and-mortar “micro-stores,” and “pop-ups.”    $198,186 raised  / 331 investors    Funding goal: $50,000  to $1,000,000            The Grilled Cheese Truck The Grilled Cheese Truck serves innovative, gourmet, and seasonal grilled cheese melts that have appeared on numerous “best of” lists. Big Cheese Inc. (BCI) intends to capitalize on the success of The Grilled Cheese Truck brand by expanding domestically and internationally with the addition of more trucks, brick-and-mortar “micro-stores,” and “pop-ups.”       Facebook     Twitter     LinkedIn     Share         $198,186 raised  / 331 investors    Funding goal: $50,000  to $1,000,000                Copy the link, then click OK.        Cancel OK                 Video     Slide Deck                  Investment Documents    Big Cheese Offering Statement    Big Cheese Fund Summary    Big Cheese Convertible Note    The Grilled Cheese Truck Form C     Company Highlights Big Cheese, Inc. ("BCI") intends to capitalize on the success of The Grilled Cheese Truck brand by expanding domestically and internationally with the launch of more trucks, food carts, brick-and-mortar "micro-stores," and "pop-ups"The company plans to file an offering statement for a Regulation A+ financing ("Reg A+") in the first year of operation, which, if successful, will result in a public market for the company's securitiesInitial franchise opportunities will principally go to military veteransComplete menu of award winning gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches ranging from "Plain and Simple Melts" to its signature melt, "The Cheesy Mac and Rib," to special melts like the "Fried Chicken and Waffle Melt"The Grilled Cheese Truck has over 100,000 total followers through various social media channels, including Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter   Perks $100+: $10 in GCT funds and a Grilled Cheese T-shirt!$500+: $60 in GCT funds and a Grilled Cheese T-shirt!$1,000+: $100 in GCT funds and a Grilled Cheese T-shirt!$5,000+: Grilled Cheese Truck Hour Event (between 4-6pm) for up to 15 people on
us and $150 in GCT funds! Event location must be within 50 miles of a Grilled
Cheese Truck.$10,000+: Grilled Cheese Truck Shindig Event (day or night) for up to 35 people
on us and $300 in GCT funds! Event location must be within 50 miles of a
Grilled Cheese Truck.$25,000+: Grilled Cheese Truck SLAM Event (day or night) for up to 75 people on
us, a private cooking lesson with GCT chef David Danhi anywhere in the U.S., and
$500 in GCT funds!$50,000+: Grilled Cheese Truck SOIREE Event (day or night) for up to 150 people
on us, a private cooking lesson with GCT chef David Danhi anywhere in the U.S.,
and $1,000 in GCT funds!   Company Summary OpportunityFood trucks in the U.S. have a long and celebrated history, from the Texas chuckwagons in the late 1800s to the mobile canteens at U.S army bases in the 1950s. Mobile food trucks have been prevalent in the blue collar world for many years, principally serving construction sites. In recent years, the food truck resurgence has been fueled by a growing demand for gourmet, innovative, and affordable food. Chefs like The Grilled Cheese Truck founder David Danhi, who had previously operated high-end restaurants, brought gourmet food to the street. Often focusing on limited but creative dishes at reasonable prices, these gourmet food trucks offer customers a chance to experience food they otherwise may not be able to access. The Grilled Cheese Truck has been at the forefront of this bourgeoning gourmet food truck industry.BCI was incorporated in September 2016 to acquire the worldwide intellectual property rights to the "Grilled Cheese Truck" brand and related trademarks, which it did on October 4, 2016. The company's goal is to position The Grilled Cheese Truck as an international brand with a focus on gourmet grilled cheese products. The Grilled Cheese Truck intends to capitalize on the food truck industry with the addition of traditional retail stores, food carts and "pop-ups." BCI intends to operate both franchised and company-owned trucks and stores. BCI is a subsidiary of Trilogy Capital Group, LLC, a Miami-based private equity group.ProductThe management for BCI is actively involved in a broad range of activities relating to the international launch of the Grilled Cheese Truck brand including finalizing franchise documentation, negotiation of leases for brick-and-mortar locations, development of social media programs, refinement of food offerings, hiring of personnel, and preparing local and regional advertising and public relations programs.In addition, BCI is currently negotiating a joint venture with an existing operator of two food trucks pursuant to which such operator would contribute two food trucks and the new joint venture would lease an additional two food trucks. If BCI is able to successfully establish this joint venture, it will own a majority of the equity of an entity that will operate four food trucks in Los Angeles, California representing the initial launch of the Grilled Cheese Truck brand in the Los Angeles area under the BCI ownership. The Grilled Cheese Trucks currently make multiple stops per week at prearranged locations, serving lunch and dinner five days a week. Food preparation occurs at a prep kitchen, which limits in-truck tasks to assembly and grilling. This helps each truck deliver melts, tater tots, soups, and sides to customers quickly and efficiently.The Grilled Cheese Truck serves innovative, gourmet grilled cheese melts that are made from seasonal ingredients. Since the early 1920's, grilled cheese sandwiches have been considered a staple of American comfort food. David Danhi, who is the founder and culinary force behind the Grilled Cheese Truck, has been engaged in the restaurant and food business for 30 years. His melts have appeared on numerous lists describing the best grilled cheese creations in the industry. Below are several of the articles that highlight these awards:Thrillist: The Best Food Trucksin LA, 2016The Daily Meal: Los Angeles 15 Best Food Trucks of 2013Los Angeles Times: Reader's Choice 2012 - Best Food TruckLos Angeles Hot List: 2011 #1 Food Truck in LA2013 #1 People's Choice Award at the Grilled Cheese InvitationalRelish: 2013 America's Top 10 Grilled Cheese SandwichesThe Grilled Cheese Truck offers a complete menu of grilled cheese sandwiches, ranging from "Plain and Simple Melts" to its signature melt, "The Cheesy Mac and Rib," which contains a proprietary recipe for Southern macaroni and cheese and BBQ pulled pork. In addition, the Grilled Cheese Truck offers special melts that are available on a limited basis, such as the "Fried Chicken and Waffle Melt".The menu also offers dessert melts, homemade tomato soup, tater tots, specialty dipping sauces, signature bread, and butter pickles as well as an assortment of beverages. The menu is subject to seasonal changes to ensure the use of high-quality and fresh ingredients. Custom menus are also available for private catering events.BCI's objective is to become the leader in the gourmet food truck industry. Each element of its strategy is designed to differentiate and reinforce the company's brand and engender a degree of loyalty among customers. The cornerstones of this strategy include:Gourmet menu: A commitment to using the best available ingredients in producing the best grilled cheese sandwiches, soups, and side dishes. BCI strives to use fresh ingredients in the preparation of its sandwiches, as opposed to frozen or canned goods. Furthermore, all the ingredients are side-by-side taste-tested for quality prior to use.Customer service: BCI relies on repeat business and views its customers' interactions with employees as critical to long-term success. With an emphasis on training, personal development, and equity incentives, BCI believes it can attract and retain well-qualified, motivated employees committed to providing a superior level of customer service.Marketing: BCI will continue to build on The Grilled Cheese Truck's social media and mainstream media presence (television, radio, print, etc.) to communicate with existing and future customers. The Grilled Cheese Truck already has over 150,000 total followers through various social media channels, including Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter.Truck design: BCI's trucks are typically configured to accommodate a high volume of traffic. The truck's design is intended to be casual and comforting. Although some customers will buy the food and return to their homes and/or offices to eat, many customers enjoy eating at the truck. BCI estimates that approximately 25% of the locations it serves are set up for street-side dining with organized tables and chairs for the customer's comfort.Truck locations: BCI's strategy is to schedule truck stops in selected high-traffic, high-visibility locations to achieve operating and marketing efficiencies and enhance brand awareness. The trucks' mobility enables them to operate at or near office buildings, in downtown and suburban centers, and at or near local businesses that have heavy pedestrian street traffic. They can also easily be rerouted in case there is a large festival, gathering, or public event within their target markets.Hub-and-Spoke: To better manage costs, ensure high-quality standards, and achieve consistency, food preparation is done at centrally located prep kitchens. BCI believes this hub-and-spoke format provides significant competitive advantages over other food truck operations that prepare all food in-truck.Expansion: BCI intends to increase market share in existing markets and add trucks in new markets where the Grilled Cheese Truck can become a leading gourmet food truck operator.Use of Proceeds and Product RoadmapProceeds from the convertible note will be used primarily for working capital (day-to-day operations), if the maximum amount of $1 million is raised. Additional uses include the purchase of intellectual property, marketing, and wages.BCI is committed to early and significant liquidity for its investors. The company intends to file an offering statement for a Regulation A+ financing ("Reg A+") in the first year of operation, which, if successful, would result in a public market for the company's securities. At the conclusion of the Reg A+ offering, BCI plans to trade on the OTCQB or another over-the-counter market. As a public company, BCI would have the ability to create a larger audience of potential investors and to incentivize senior management. In addition, as a fully reporting company, the required transparency can support further capital formation and market visibility.BCI intends to expand by adding trucks in new markets and by opening brick-and-mortar retail "micro-stores" in new and existing markets. In addition to potential franchise operations, BCI intends to increase the number of company-owned trucks, to expand operations within sports venues and airports, and to bring its food trucks to special events throughout the U.S. and internationally. Management's summary objectives for the three-year period following completion of the proposed Reg A+ offering are as follows: Commence marketing of franchise agreements following regulatory approval of the Franchise Disclosure DocumentDeploy 30 to 40 trucks nationally in the first year, approximately half of which will be company-owned and half of which will be franchisedOpen a total of 75 food carts within the first three years in urban areas at the rate of 25 per yearOpen 12 "micro-stores" per year over the first three yearsOpen stores in malls and airportsRevenue assumptions (ranges):           - Trucks: (company-owned): $400,000 to $600,000           - Trucks: (franchised): 8% of gross revenues or $30,000 to $50,000           - Carts: $250,000 to $350,000           - Micro-stores: $500,000 to $1 million per yearBusiness ModelBCI generates revenue from food and beverage sales through its company-owned food trucks in Los Angeles, California. A typical truck will perform 10 prescheduled stops per week. Typical weekday lunch hours of operation are 11:30 a.m. to 2:00 p.m., and typical weekday dinner hours are 6:00 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. Hours of operation on weekends vary depending upon the types of scheduled stops. A typical weekend dinner shift can serve customers as late as 12:00 a.m. In addition, the company expects to generate revenue in the future from licensing the right to use certain portions of its intellectual property. BCI expects that such licensing will not only provide revenue but will also enable it to further raise brand awareness. Franchise Business ModelFranchise operations are still in development. BCI intends to primarily offer the first franchises to U.S. military veterans. Through programs such as VetFran and the SBA Patriot Express Loan Program, U.S. veterans generally have an easier time than civilians obtaining necessary investment funds for new personal business ventures and/or franchise opportunities. Some programs provide financial incentives by reducing their initial franchise fee or other fees or by contributing to the franchisee's initial cost of investment. Based on management's preliminary analysis, it is estimated that a BCI franchise truck will generate a national average of approximately $400,000 per year in gross revenues, before taking into account BCI's franchise fee and royalty payment currently anticipated at 8% of gross sales.In addition to the initial roll-out of mobile truck franchises, BCI's long-term plan includes the franchising of brick-and-mortar, or fixed, locations. The company is currently performing research and development for potential locations and anticipates opening the first fixed location adjacent to the campus of the University of California Santa Barbara in 2017.Truck EconomicsThe current anticipated average cost to obtain a Grilled Cheese Truck franchise is estimated to be $25,000 for veterans and $35,000 for non-veterans. However, this cost does not include deposits to lease or rent a truck, an exterior wrap for the truck, a point of sale system, equipment, permits, uniforms, and new staff training, which is estimated to be $35,000, depending on location. In addition, each franchisee will be responsible for a royalty fee of 8% payable to BCI.   Corporate History and Financials 2009 - 2012: In 2009, The Grilled Cheese Truck was launched in Los Angeles by celebrity chef Dave Danhi. The company initially operated one part-time truck before expanding to one full-time truck and one part-time truck. The part-time truck was generally used for special events (catering), such as birthday parties and weddings. The truck was only operated on a full-time basis in 2011 and a portion of 2012. During that time, according to Mr. Danhi who owned and operated the trucks, the one full-time truck generated gross revenues of $12,000 to $15,000 per week ($624,000 to $780,000 on an annualized basis) and net cash flow of $112,000 to $156,000 on an annualized basis.2012 - 2016: On October 18, 2012, TRIG Acquisition 1, Inc., a Delaware Form 10 company, acquired The Grilled Cheese Truck brand. The company subsequently changed its name to The Grilled Cheese Truck, followed by another name change to American Patriot Brands (APB). APB never completed its franchise filings with the Federal Trade Commission or the State of California. At its peak, APB operated 10 trucks, eight of which were company-owned and two of which were licensed. APB did not disclose any per truck financial information in its SEC filings. During the period that the eight company-owned trucks operated, the company generated $3,650,021 in revenue and a net loss of $7,712,208, as disclosed in its last 10-K filing for the period ending December 31, 2014. APB is not current in its SEC filings as of January 18th, 2017.2016 - Present: Big Cheese, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware on September 16, 2016. On October 4, 2016, it acquired the Grilled Cheese Truck brand with the attendant trademarks pursuant to an Intellectual Property Rights Purchase agreement with Dave Danhi, founder. Mr. Danhi had reacquired the rights on September 23, 2016 from APB, which had originally acquired the rights from Mr. Danhi. APB had repositioned itself in the cannabis business, which created the opportunity for Mr. Danhi to reacquire the brand.   Industry and Market Analysis In 2015, there were over 4,250 food trucks in the U.S. that collectively generated around $856.7 million in revenue.i In 2016, revenue is projected to be around $870 million, with the industry having grown at a compound annual growth rate of 7.9% since 2011, outperforming the broader food-service sector over that period.iiAccording to IBISWorld, trucks serving American-style food make up about 38.3% of all food trucks in the U.S. Latin American-style food trucks-which includes Mexican food-is the second-most popular category (24.6%), followed by Asian and Middle Eastern (18.1%), and desserts (9.4%).iii In terms of demographics, 63% of monthly food truck revenue is generated by individuals under the age of 44. Of these individuals, 20% are under 25.ivEstablished fast casual restaurants are looking to add food trucks to their retail operations. In a recent survey, 19% of fast casual restaurateurs indicated they were at least somewhat likely to launch a food truck within the next two years.v  By 2019, the food truck industry is projected to reach $986 billion in revenue.viFood trucks' lower operating costs relative to brick-and-mortar restaurants allow them to provide high-quality, gourmet food at a lower price. Yet opening a food truck can still cost upwards of $125,000, which includes the cost for purchasing the truck and equipment, obtaining permits and insurance, storage, parking, prep kitchens, and employee salaries. Additionally, many cities around the U.S. are implementing more regulations around food truck establishments, including food vending permits, special zoning regulations, and proximity bans.vii   Competitors BCI expects to compete with many well-established food service companies in the U.S. on the basis of product choice, quality, affordability, service, and location. Its competitors include a variety of independent local operators in addition to well-capitalized regional, national, and international restaurant chains and franchises, such as Burger King (Yum! Brands) and McDonald's. In the gourmet food truck industry, BCI considers its primary competition will be other local food trucks that compete for customers at its locations, which will vary from day to day. Some of the top competitors in the Los Angeles area include the following:Kogi Korean BBQ: Founded in 2008 by Mark Manguera, Caroline Shin-Manguera, and Roy Choi, Kogi Korean BBQ is a fleet of fusion food trucks in Los Angeles famous for both their combination of Korean with Mexican food and their social media presence. Typical fare includes Spicy Pork Tacos, Kimchi Quesadillas, and Short Rib Sliders. Kogi BBQ now has 135,000 followers, and its fleet has expanded to four roaming trucks and a truck stall at LAX airport.viii The food truck has won multiple awards, including a Bon Appétit Award in 2009ix and "Best New Chef" for Roy Choi by Food & Wine in 2010, the first time the award was given to a food truck.x In its first full year of operation, the Kogi food truck made $2 million in revenue, with checks averaging $13 per person.xi The Kogi brand has since expanded by opening up several brick-and-mortar locations including a bar in Culver City, the Alibi Room, and its first sit-down restaurant Chego! which has operation throughout LA.Cool Haus: Founded in 2009 by Natasha Case and Freya Estreller, Cool Haus is a food truck operation that serves gourmet ice cream sandwiches. Currently, Coolhaus operates a national fleet of 10 mobile ice cream trucks and carts (five in Southern California, two in New York City, and five in Dallas). The trucks make stops throughout each city, at large public events, and at privately catered parties. Coolhaus also has two storefronts in Los Angeles, in Culver City and Pasadena. Customers can also get pre-packaged ice cream sandwiches, pints of ice cream, or hand-dipped ice cream bars at over 4,000 retail locations, from Whole Foods to Kroger and Safeway, in all 50 states and some parts of Asia and the Middle East.xii From launch to September 2015, Cool Haus has generated $7 million in revenue.xiiiCousins Main Lobster: Founded in 2012 by Sabin Lomac and Jim Tselikis, Cousins Maine Lobster is a gourmet food truck operation that serves lobster rolls using fresh Maine lobster. After launching with one food truck, the founders appeared on ABC's Shark Tank, where Barbara Corcoran invested $55,000 for 15% of the business. Since then, Cousins Maine Lobster has grown to 20 trucks nationwide and has added a fast-casual brick-and-mortar restaurant in Los Angeles. The company plans to add 10 more trucks in 2017 as well as expand internationally. Earlier in 2016, Cousins Maine Lobster reached $20 million in total sales and was on pace to serve over half a million customers in 2016 alone.xiv   Executive Team Alfonso J. Cervantes, Executive Chairman: Alfonso ("A.J.") is Chairman of Trilogy Capital Group, LLC, a private equity firm and a principal shareholder of BCI. For over 30 years, he has accumulated extensive experience in diversified businesses in the public markets with a proven strength in corporate finance. Since 2002, A.J. has been Chairman and CEO of Trilogy Capital Partners Inc., a financial services group and affiliate of Trilogy Capital Group. He has facilitated a significant number of M&A transactions, both as a principal and financial services professional. In addition to serving as Executive Chairman at BCI, A.J. is currently Executive Chairman of Massive Direct Inc., a startup in the online consumer products sector. He is also the CEO of Seniorvation Group, a startup in the senior housing sector. Prior to joining Trilogy Capital Group, A.J. founded Staffing 360 (NASDAQ: STAF), where he facilitated approximately $25 million of debt and equity financing and drove the company to $140 million in annualized revenue. A.J. graduated from Webster University with a Bachelor's in Media.Algie Hodges, Chief Executive Officer and President: Algie ("Al") brings over 35 years of operational expertise with extensive knowledge in retail food services and quick service and fast casual restaurants. He has served as Vice President of Domestic and International Operations for Smoothie King Franchise Inc., Vice President of Food and Beverage for Mapco Mart Express, and as Vice President of Operations for Fazoli's System Management, Inc. Al also served as Dunkin' Brands Regional Vice President and Vice President of Eastern Seaboard. There, he led a two-year operations initiative that restructured the field organization, established metrics for outcome-based performance drivers, and implemented guest satisfaction measures that corrected three years of negative same-store sales. Al held multiunit executive positions at RTM Restaurant, where he acquired and built over 200 restaurant concepts. Additionally, he held multiple executive positions at Cinnabon, where he helped reposition the brand. Al also spent several years at Target, serving as National Director of Food Operations and as a key member of the team that helped the chain grow from 80 locations to nearly 800. Al attended the University of Missouri at St. Louis and Jarvis Christian College in Hawkins, Texas.David Danhi, Chief Creative Officer: David is the founder and culinary-force behind The Grilled Cheese Truck, which has achieved numerous accolades including being named "Best Food Truck" over eight times from various media outlets and review guides. David has been engaged in the restaurant and food business for 30 years. He is also the architect behind The Grilled Cheese Truck's social media initiatives, and the truck is currently one of the most followed food trucks on Facebook and Twitter. In 2005, David bought DD factor, a hospitality recruiting company that has been in LA since 1959, and has been an integral part of identifying management for Southern California restaurants. David's culinary career includes Company Executive Chef at Kings Seafood Company, Chef at Habana Restaurant, Executive Chef at Water Grill, Executive Chef at the Roxbury Supper Club, and Executive Chef at Georgia. At Georgia, he received numerous accolades, including the Robert Mondovi Award of Culinary Excellence in 1994 and "best restaurant of the year" in 1993 by numerous magazines, including Bon Appetit, Esquire, and Travel + Leisure.Ronald Scott, Chief Financial Officer: Ron is a highly skilled financial executive, bringing a wealth of diversified accounting and financial management experience. He is the President of Trilogy Capital Group and a forward-thinking, senior-level finance executive and leader with over 30 years of experience and a track record of building and directing best-in-class corporate finance organizations. From 2006 to 2016, Ron served as Chief Financial Officer and Director of Luvu Brands, Inc., a manufacturer and e-marketer of consumer products for the wellness, lifestyle, and fashion seating markets. Prior to that, he was President of Impact Business Solutions, LLC, a consulting business that provided financial management services to small- and medium-sized public and private companies. Prior to Impact Business Solutions, Ron was Executive Vice President of Finance and Administration and a member of the Board of Directors for Cyanotech Corporation, a Nasdaq-listed natural products company. Mr. Scott holds a B.S. degree in Finance and Management from San Jose State University and an MBA degree with a concentration in Accounting from Santa Clara University.   Investment Terms Security Type: Convertible NoteRound Size: Min: $50,000 Max: $1,000,000Interest Rate: 15% per annumMaturity Date: December 31st, 2019Conversion Provisions: Prior to the maturity date, in the event of an equity financing with an aggregate sales price of not less than $3 million, the Note and accrued interest will convert into securities of the Company utilized in the next equity financing round at a price based on the lesser of a $8,000,000 valuation cap or an 20% discount to the pre-money valuation established at the next financing round.   Press Travelers Today: Travel Tips: Five To-Die-For
Food Trucks in L.ALos Angeles Times: The Grilled Cheese Truck and
O.C. Rescue Mission feed stomachs and soulsOC Weekly: Creating Jobs for Veterans at
The Grilled Cheese TruckEater LA: The State of LA's Gourmet Food
Truck Scene, With Dave Danhi of The Grilled Cheese Truck   Endnotes i. http://www.marketwatch.com/story/the-real-reason-we-dont-have-taco-trucks-on-every-corner-2016-09-02ii. https://www.ibisworld.com/industry/food-trucks.htmliii. http://www.marketwatch.com/story/the-real-reason-we-dont-have-taco-trucks-on-every-corner-2016-09-02iv. http://www.forbes.com/sites/nataliesportelli/2016/08/30/millennials-love-food-trucks-but-stale-laws-are-driving-them-out-of-business/#d30267248214v. http://www.restaurant.org/Manage-My-Restaurant/Operations/Alternative-venues/Food-trucks-the-wheel-dealvi. https://www.statista.com/statistics/444924/industry-value-us-food-trucks/vii. http://www.forbes.com/sites/nataliesportelli/2016/08/30/millennials-love-food-trucks-but-stale-laws-are-driving-them-out-of-business/2/#290f6db048d3viii. http://ngm.nationalgeographic.com/2015/07/food-trucks/brindley-textix. https://web.archive.org/web/20130511093239/http://www.bonappetit.com/magazine/baawards/2009/10/baa_2009x. http://www.laweekly.com/restaurants/kogis-roy-choi-is-first-food-truck-chef-named-best-new-chef-by-food-and-wine-2378507xi. http://www.ocweekly.com/restaurants/kogi-reveals-in-time-magazine-that-it-got-idea-from-blogger-6632809xii. https://cool.haus/about-coolhaus/xiii. https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/leadership-driving-coolhaus-ice-cream-empire-jenna-abdouxiv. http://www.cnbc.com/2016/06/30/shark-tank-success-story-how-lobster-truck-guys-turned-20000-into-20-million-commentary.html            

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software











 


MV VC FUND IV LLC FORM ID Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      MV VC FUND IV LLC FORM ID
                    

•   AUSTIN, TX
                          • Private Equity
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             MV VC Fund IV LLC Form ID is based out of Austin.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2014-12-10. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  private equity fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 1



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from MV VC FUND IV LLC FORM ID, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




mv vc fund iv llc form id


12513 UVALDE CREEK DRIVE

AUSTIN
TX
                                                        
                                                    78732


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      5124846370







Recent SEC Filings




D filed on 12/10/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2014-12-10
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
2,000,000
29,000
1,971,000




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




WILLIAM MICHAEL  CLARK

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          PROMOTER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















 

Mv Venture Fund Iv Llc raised $2,707,000 on January 23rd, 2015































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/314875-mv-venture-fund-iv-llcsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=314875  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Mv Venture Fund Iv Llc raised $2,707,000 on January 23rd, 2015.Get alertedif Mv Venture Fund Iv Llc gets funded!Amount:$2,707,000Company:Mv Venture Fund Iv LlcInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesTexasAustinKey people:William Clark (Executive Officer, Promoter)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D - MV Venture Fund IV LLC (0001630870) (Filer)Description:Mv Venture Fund Iv Llc, a Austin, United States-based provider of Finance solutions, secured a 2.7M funding. The date of the round is January 23d, 2015.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!




















 



 Arsenal Capital Partners Closes Fund IV at $1.3 Billion Hard Cap 
         










    










 













 











 



















Arsenal Capital Partners Closes Fund IV at $1.3 Billion Hard Cap
        																																
              

          Leading Sector-Focused Firm Specializing in Strategic Buy and Builds
        











 News provided by
Arsenal Capital Partners  
Oct 13, 2016, 07:15 ET









 Share this article




























































NEW YORK, Oct. 13, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Arsenal Capital Partners ("Arsenal"), a leading New York-based private equity firm that invests in lower middle market specialty industrial and healthcare companies, announced today that it has successfully completed fundraising for Arsenal Capital Fund IV LP ("Fund IV") at its $1.3 billion hard cap.  The firm's previous fund, Arsenal Capital Partners III LP, was raised in 2012 with $875 million of committed capital.  Since inception in 2000, Arsenal has raised institutional equity investment funds totaling $2.975 billion.








Commenting on the firm's fundraising success, Terrence Mullen, Co-founder and Partner at Arsenal, said, "We are delighted to have received the support of such a terrific group of leading global institutional investors. We are thankful for the wonderful long-standing commitment of our existing investors and for the trust new investors placed in our team and investment strategy. We are very gratified by the investors' strong vote of confidence in the institutional quality of our firm, our leading franchises in specialty industrials and healthcare, and our track record of building high growth, high value-added companies."
Jeffrey Kovach, Co-founder and Partner at Arsenal, said, "The demand for Fund IV is a testament to the talented and experienced team of 33 professionals that we have built and honed over 16 years, and our strong culture of teamwork and collaborative value creation.  Our uncommon balance of investment, industry and operating talent, working in unison, enables us to be a partner of choice with management teams seeking to achieve differentiated strategic positioning with enhanced capabilities in growth, technology and operations.  The Arsenal high-growth, buy and build strategy and model continue to win in the market, as evidenced by the 34 platform investments and 21 realizations completed since inception, generating excellent returns for our investors."
Bill Farrell, Head of Investor Relations for Arsenal, said, "Arsenal's leading market positions in technology-rich industrials, such as specialty chemicals and specialty materials, and technology-enabled business services to healthcare resonated with existing Arsenal investors and attracted a high quality group of new investors to Fund IV."
Over 85% of existing institutional investors re-upped in Fund IV. The Fund's investor base is international in scope, with approximately 60% of the institutional capital coming from the United States and the balance from Europe and Asia.  The investor base represents leading endowments and foundations, public and corporate pension plans, financial institutions and family offices.   Existing investors in Arsenal that re-upped for Fund IV include The Regents of the University of California, Northwestern Mutual, PPM America, The Eli and Edythe Broad Foundation, PKA AIP A/S, Pictet Alternative Advisors SA, SAMpension, and Unigestion SA. New institutional investors in Arsenal Fund IV include California State Teachers' Retirement System (CalSTRS), PensionDanmark, and Sentry Insurance.
Arsenal was assisted by Kirkland & Ellis LLP as legal counsel.
About Arsenal Capital PartnersFormed in 2000, Arsenal Capital Partners is a leading New York-based private equity firm that invests in lower middle-market specialty industrial and healthcare companies.  Arsenal makes investments in sectors where the firm has significant prior knowledge and experience.  The firm targets businesses that have the potential for further value creation by working closely with management to accelerate growth and leverage the firm's operational improvement capabilities.  Since inception, Arsenal has raised institutional equity investment funds totaling $2.975 billion. For additional information on Arsenal Capital Partners, please visit www.arsenalcapital.com.
Contact: Chris TofalliChris Tofalli Public Relations, LLC914-834-4334
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/arsenal-capital-partners-closes-fund-iv-at-13-billion-hard-cap-300344175.html
SOURCE Arsenal Capital Partners
 Related Links

http://www.arsenalcapital.com



 












Oct 17, 2016, 11:46 ET
Preview: Arsenal Capital Partners Hires Spaight as Healthcare Operating Partner













Oct 03, 2016, 09:35 ET
Preview: Arsenal Capital Partners Completes Sale Of Kel-Tech Inc. To Clariant






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jul 19, 2017, 16:40 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Arsenal Capital Partners Acquires the Designed Structures and...








 

Jul 11, 2017, 08:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Arsenal announces sale of Certara, retains significant minority...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
  Health Care & Hospitals
Investments Opinions








 You just read:
Arsenal Capital Partners Closes Fund IV at $1.3 Billion Hard Cap


 News provided by
Arsenal Capital Partners  
Oct 13, 2016, 07:15 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 

















Directorate Change - new Non-Executive Director | GBGI Limited (GBGI) | RNS Company Announcements | Equities  | FE Trustnet

























 


















Trustnet








Login


















To continue using this website, please tell us a  little about yourself:
 I am a financial adviser
 I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
 I am a financial paraplanner
 I work in financial services
 I am a private investor


   This site uses cookies.  Some of the cookies are essential for parts of the site to operate and have already been set.  
   You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but if you do, parts of the site may not work.  To find out more 
   about cookies on the website and how to delete cookies, see our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
   
 I accept the FE Trustnet cookie policy


Continue

For more information Click here






Investments

Unit Trusts & OEICs

Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


IA Unit Trusts & OEICs

IA Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
IA UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Equities

Equities Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Equity Factsheets
Latest announcements


Investment Trusts

Investment Trusts Home
Prices & Performance
Investment Trust Ratings
A-Z Investment Trust Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Warrants
A-Z Sectors
Split Capital Analytics
Investment Trust Guide
Most viewed investment trusts
Most viewed groups


Pensions

Pensions Home
Prices & Performance
Pension Fund Ratings
A-Z Pension Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Pension Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Life

Life Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Life Fund Ratings
A-Z Life Fund Factsheets
A-Z Life Group Factsheets
A-Z Life Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Life insurance glossary
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Offshore Funds

Offshore Funds Home
Prices & Performance
Offshore Fund Ratings
A-Z Offshore Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Offshore Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


ETFs

ETFs Home
ETF Prices & Performance
ETF Fund Ratings
A-Z ETF Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
ETFs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


VCTs

VCTs Home
VCT Prices & Performance
A-Z VCT Factsheets
VCTs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Structured Products

Structured Products Home
A-Z Structured Product Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
Structured products guide
Structured products glossary




Fund Managers

Fund Managers Home
Alpha managers
League table 
A-Z manager factsheets 


News & Research

News & Research Home
News Archive
Education guides

Education guides home
Emerging Market

ETFs
Unit Trust & OEIC

Investment trust


                                Offshore funds 
ISAs 


FE Trustnet Videos 
Bright-talk Videos 


Learning

Learn about investing
Investment basics

Pensions
Investing in a fund
Investment trusts
Exchange
                                Traded Funds (ETFs)
Passive funds
                                and trackers
What is an ISA?


What to invest in?

Bonds
Equities
Property
Commodities


Where to invest?

UK
US
Europe
Emerging markets
Asia


How to invest?


                                Setting objectives for your portfolio
Asset allocation
                                - the basics
Measuring performance

                                Onshore and offshore - what’s the difference


Fund ratings

About FE Ratings
FE Crown Fund Ratings
FE Passive Fund Ratings
FE Alpha Manager
                                Ratings
FE Risk Scores
The Adviser Fund
                                Index




Portfolio

Portfolio Home
Watchlist
Alerts


Tools

Home
Fundswire

Fundswire Home
Manage my alerts


Charting
Find an IFA
Pension Calculator
IFA tools

IFA tools home
FE AFI
Client Fund Profiler
Structured Products
Whitelabel Factsheets




Passive FundsNew

Passive Funds Homepage
Sectors

UK Equities
North American Equities
European Equities
Japanese Equities
Emerging Market Equities
UK Gilts
Property
Sterling Corporate Bonds
Index-Linked Gilts









Reading List




Clear all list



0


Your Basket


Aberdeen Global Indian Equity D2 GBP 





Open basket


















Login







Select Account..




Login
 Remember Me

Password Reminder
Not Registered? Click Here







Register





*

*

*



*


*

Choose a User Type
I am a financial adviser
I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
I am a financial paraplanner
I work in financial services
I am a private investor

*
 I accept your terms of use
 Send me FE Trustnet bulletins
Register





It's look like you're leaving us

            What would you like us to do with the funds you've selected
        
Show me all my options
        Forget them
        Save them 

            Remember my choice











        Customise this table













Company
EPIC/TIDM
SEDOL/ISIN
































Share


Tweet






 
                    Print   
                     
                    RSS





GBGI Limited (GBGI)



GBGI Limited

Directorate Change - new Non-Executive Director

RNS Number : 9349L GBGI Limited 24 July 2017  

24 July 2017
GBGI Limited ("GBGI" or the "Company")
Appointment of Non-Executive Director
GBGI Limited (AIM:GBGI), a leading integrated provider of international benefits insurance, is pleased to announce the appointment of Mr. Douglas  Byron Trussler to the Board of Directors of the Company, with immediate effect. 
Douglas Trussler is a Partner of Bison Capital Equity Partners, LLC ("Bison Capital") which he co-founded in 2001. Previously, he was at Windward Capital Partners LP, and at Credit Suisse First Boston. He has extensive experience in investing in growth companies and supporting entrepreneurial management teams to build long term value. 
Pursuant to the Relationship Agreement entered into between Bison Capital Equity Partners III-B L.P. , the Bison Capital fund which owns the shares in the Company, and the Company on 20 February 2017, as disclosed in the Company's Admission Document, Bison Capital is entitled to appoint one non-executive director to the Board. 
GBGI Chairman Bill Ward commented: "We are delighted to welcome Doug as the representative of Bison Capital to the Board of Directors. Bison Capital has been a longstanding shareholder and we look forward to continuing to benefit from their expertise and guidance."
Douglas Trussler, aged 46, in a personal capacity holds zero ordinary shares in GBGI Limited. Douglas Trussler is Partner of Bison Capital Equity Partners III-B L.P., which holds 25,417,650 ordinary shares, representing 29.2% of the issued share capital of the Company. 
Save, as set out below, there are no further disclosures required pursuant to Schedule 2, paragraph (g) of the AIM Rules for Companies in respect of the appointment.
Douglas Trussler holds or has held the following directorships within the last 5 years:




Current appointments




Bison Capital Asset Management, LLC




Bison Capital Equity Partners II-A, L.P.




Bison Capital Equity Partners II-B, L.P.




Bison Capital Equity Partners III-B, L.P.




Bison Capital Equity Partners, LLC




Bison Capital Partners GP, LLC




Bison Capital Partners II, LLC 




Bison Capital Partners III, LLC




Bison Capital Partners IV GP, L.P.




Bison Capital Partners IV, L.P.




Bison Capital Partners V GP, L.P.




Bison Capital Partners V, L.P.




Bison Capital Partners V-A, L.P.




Bison Capital Structured Equity Partners, LLC




Bison Molokai, LLC




Bison Molokai II, LLC




Advantmed Blocker Corp




Cartasite Blocker Corp.




Clinical Research Laboratories, LLC




CRL Blocker Corp.




CutisCare Blocker Corp.




Ease Entertainment Services, LLC




FinFit, LLC




indie/semi Blocker Corp.




MV Tech Blocker Corp




MVConnect, LLC




Performance Team Freight Systems LLC




Performance Team Freight Systems, Inc.




Sentinel Holdings Blocker Corp




Sentinel Offender Services, LLC




SolarSilicon Recycling Services, LLC




SRS Blocker Corp.




United Therapies Blocker Corp.




United Therapies Holdings, LLC 




 




Appointments in past five years




GTS Holdings, Inc.




Fyfe Group, LLC




Big Rock Sports, LLC




Weststar TV Ltd.




KeyTech Limited




Saxton Lane Limited




BOTCAT Holdings Ltd.




 
Enquiries:
Canaccord Genuity (Nominated Adviser, Financial Adviser and Broker)
Sunil Duggal
Andrew Buchanan
Emma Gabriel
 
+44 (0)20 7523 8000
 
Instinctif Partners (Financial PR)
Giles Stewart or Lewis Hill
lewis.hill@instinctif.com 
 
+44 20 7457 2020
 

This information is provided by RNSThe company news service from the London Stock Exchange   END  BOAEASXLAAFXEFF











quick links
Equity Home
Equity Prices and Performance
Latest announcements


our product portfolio
www.trustnet.com
www.trustnetoffshore.com
www.trustnetmiddleeast.com


 
www.investegate.co.uk
www.fundlistings.com
FE Analytics


 
Data feeds
Factsheet and literature Production
Webtools










Data provided by FE. Care has been taken to ensure that the information is correct, but FE neither warrants, represents nor guarantees the contents of information, nor does it accept any responsibility for errors, inaccuracies, omissions or any inconsistencies herein. Past performance does not predict future performance, it should not be the main or sole reason for making an investment decision. The value of investments and any income from them can fall as well as rise.



Login
Help
Contact Us









For Equity investors
FE Investegate
For Private investors
Trustnet Direct
For Professional investors
FE Invest
FE Analytics
FE Data feeds
FE Fund listings
For International investors
FE Trustnet Hong Kong
FE Trustnet Offshore
FE Trustnet Middle East


Quick links
Trustnet-Magazine
Investment research
FE Trustnet videos
Top rated funds
Top performing funds
Find a fund
Build a portfolio
The UK’s best fund managers
Performance charting
About us


Fund performance
IA unit trusts & OEICs
Equities
Investment trusts
Pension funds
Life funds
Offshore funds
ETFs
Venture capital trusts


Stay connected with FE Trustnet






Trustnet mobile website















LATEST :
Five reasons to keep hold of your defensive funds
13:00 | Monday, January 20, 2014






You are currently using an old browser which will not be supported by Trustnet after 31/07/2016.  To ensure you benefit from all features on the site, please update your browser.   Close 






















                © Trustnet Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
                Please read our Terms of Use / Disclaimer and Privacy and
                    Cookie Policy.
                Data supplied in conjunction with Thomson Financial Limited, London Stock Exchange
                Plc, StructuredRetailProducts.com and ManorPark.com














Equity International » List by Fund









































 


















Home





Company





Strategy





Portfolio


List by Fund


List by Country


List by Company





Team





Advisors





News





Contact Us













ZEI Asia Logistics Fund


ZEI Fund VI


ZEI AV Fund

Acosta Verde


ZEI Fund V

GuardeAqui

Terranum Corporate Properties

SAMHI

Grupo Thá

The Redwood Group

Advance Real Estate

Decameron Hotels & Resorts




ZEI Fund IV

Gafisa

Tenda

AGV Logística

Yupei

Bracor

Brazilian Finance & Real Estate


ZEI Fund III

Orascom Housing Communities

Jingrui

BR Malls

LifeCare Residences International


ZEI Fund II

Gafisa

BR Malls

Parque Arauco

Xinyuan

Bracor


ZEI Fund I

Homex

Mexico Retail Properties

Corporate Properties of the Americas

Credito Inmobiliario

Fondo de Valores Inmobiliarios

NH Hoteles










Overview

Equity International (EI) co-invests with strong local partners and management teams to tranform them into industry-leading companies. Our partners include founders as well as private and publicly held companies distinguished by outstanding reputations, established organizations and far-reaching relationships.

We are recognized for our ability to establish an early and substantial presence in developing markets characterized by capital inefficiency and limited competition. We like to be early in a market if not first.

Since 1999, EI has invested in 28 portfolio companies spanning Latin America, the Middle East, Asia Pacific and Europe. Our platforms include the homebuilding, retail, warehousing, distribution, office, hospitality, self-storage, senior living and specialty finance sectors.This list includes both current and former EI portfolio companies.









© 2017 Equity International.  All Rights Reserved      |      Privacy Policy    |      Site Map
















 




Funds | Intellectual Ventures

























Nav





Visit Related Sites:   
				IV Lab  | 
				Global Good | 
				ISF Incubator | 
				Kymeta | 
				TerraPower | 
				Echodyne


 




Join us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on LinkedIn
 














 
 

License » our patents
Buy » our patents




About Us


Services & Solutions


Inventions & Patents


Inventors


News & Info


Job Opportunities


 
 



 Home  →   About Us
Funds








	Intellectual Ventures is a privately-held invention investment company built on the premise that ideas are valuable. Similar to other investment capital companies, we operate a portfolio of funds—each invention related—designed to produce a financial return for our investors. We manage and grow our invention portfolios using distinct approaches, and each fund monetizes its patent assets through a variety of licensing and partnering programs.

	Invention Investment Fund (IIF)

	We invest in the acquisition of existing patents and enhance the value of pending applications.


		On average, 35,000 patent assets evaluated per year since 2003.


	Global Good Fund

Global Good combines Intellectual Ventures' unique invention prowess with the expertise of leading humanitarian organizations, forward-looking governments, and commercial partners that share our vision. Together, we invent, develop, and deploy commercially-viable technologies that improve life in developing countries. 

	Invention Science Fund (ISF)

Invention Science Fund invents and prosecutes our own inventions in areas such as metamaterials, medical technologies, energy, communications, computing and consumer.


		More than 2,000 patents granted.




	Roles Within the Ecosystem

	Each fund has a function within our business model. Collectively, they guide how we operate in the invention marketplace.

See how our business works »

 
 




About Us


Invention Marketplace


Future of Innovation


Leadership


Our Culture


Our Values


Our People


Giving Back


Leadership & Learning




Funds


Invention Science Fund (ISF)




Investor Relations


FAQ


Community Relations


Expanding Your Horizons


FIRST Robotics


Inquiries




Locations


Contact Us




 

 










Contact Us


Blog


Customer Login







Terms and Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Site Feedback
						Copyright © 2017 Intellectual Ventures Management, LLC (IV®)
						All rights reserved.
					




Navigate Our Site


License Our Patents


Buy Our Patents


Partner with Us to Invent


Services & Solutions


Inventions & Patents


Inventors


News & Info


Job Opportunities


×


IV International

Australia/New Zealand
Canada
China
India
Ireland
Japan
Korea
Singapore
Taiwan
United States

×

 














