






Social Security History


















Skip to content





Social Security







Social Security History

This is an archival or historical document and may not reflect current policies or procedures.






Robert J. Myers

Robert J. Myers1912 -2010




 
Soundclip 
                    from an interview between Mr. Myers and Professor Ed Berkowitz 
                    (not from the interview provided below). Mr. Myers discusses 
                    the original financing basis of the 1935 Social Security Act. 
                      [In RealAudio format]










Career 
                  Highlights:  


Junior Actuary, Committee 
                    on Economic Security
                    Statistician, Federal Emergency Relief Administration
                    Actuary, Railroad Retirement Board
                    Various Actuarial Positions, Social Security Board
                    Chief Actuary, SSA
                    Captain, U.S. Army (Office of the Surgeon General)
                    Legislative Aide, House Committee on Interstate & Foreign 
                    Commerce
                    President, International Fisheries Commissions Pension Society
                    Actuarial Consultant, Department of Defense 
                    Actuarial Consultant, Commission on Railroad Retirement 
                    Actuarial Consultant, Department of Justice 
                    Actuarial Consultant, Senate Committee on Finance
                    Actuarial Advisory Committee, Railroad Retirement Board
                    Actuarial Consultant, House Committee on Ways & Means 
                    Member, National Commission on Social Security
                    Actuarial Consultant, U.S. Tax Court 
                    Deputy Commissioner, SSA 
                    Executive Director, National Commission on Social Security 
                    Reform
                    Actuarial Consultant, Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts
                    Chairman, Railroad Unemployment Compensation Committee
                    Consultant, General Accounting Office
                    Minority Social Security Counsel, House Committee on Ways 
                    & Means 
                    Member, Commission on the Social Security "Notch" 
                    Issue
                    Member, Prospective Payment Commission
1934-1935
                    1935
                    1935-1936 
                    1936-1946 
                    1947-1970 
                    1943-1946
                    1946 
                    1956- 
                    1970 
                    1970-1972 
                    1971-1979 
                    1972, 75-79
                    1974-1981
                    1977-1980 
                    1978-1981 
                    1980-1981 
                    1981-1982 
                    1982-1983 
                    1983-1984 
                    1983-1985 
                    1984-1985 
                    1986
                    1993-1994 
                    1993-



Mr. Myers was the author of more than 900 articles and 
                    five books on the Social Security program. Holds a Guinness 
                    Book of Records world record for testifying before Congress 
                    175 times, during his tenures as Social Security Chief Actuary 
                    from 1947-1970 and as Social Security Deputy Commissioner 
                    from 1981-1982. He was a founding member of the National Academy 
                    of Social Insurance. He was an acknowledged world-class expert 
                    on the Social Security program. Senator Daniel 
                    Patrick Moynihan (D-NY) once described Bob Myers as "a 
                    national treasure." 
                     




Photo Gallery


Bob Myers, circa 1966


Bob Myers, circa 1966. SSA History Archives.





Bob Myers at work as Chief Actuary, May 1968


Bob Myers at work as Chief Actuary, May, 1968. SSA History Archives.





Bob Myers at work as Chief Actuary in the 1960s




Bob Myers at work as Chief Actuary during the 1960s. SSA History Archives.





Bob Myers, November 1969


Bob Myers in November 1969. SSA History Archives.





Bob Myers during oral history interview 3/14/96


Bob Myers at his home in Silver Spring, Maryland at the time of his oral history interview, March 14, 1996. SSA History Archives .





Bob Myers autographing memoirs, 3/14/96


Bob Myers autographing a copy of his memoirs at the time of his oral history interview. SSA History Archives .





Bob Myers speaking at NASI Conference 3/27/96



Bob Myers addressing a conference sponsored by the National Academy 
              of Social Insurance, at SSA Headquarters, March 27, 1996. SSA 
              History Archives.





The interviewer and the interviewee, 7/8/96



Bob Myers and Larry DeWitt during the second interview session, July 8, 1996. SSA History Archives.



Myers 
                    Oral History
This is an interview in the SSA oral 
                      history series. The interviewee is Robert J. Myers; the interviewer 
                      is Larry DeWitt, SSA Historian. This interview took place in two 
                      sessions, the first on March 14, 1996 and the second on July 8, 
                      1996. Both sessions were held at Mr. Myers' home in Silver Spring, 
                      Maryland. The interview was transcribed by Sharon Mohr, of SSA's 
                      Office of Library, Records & Reprographics. Mr. Myers made edits 
                      and corrections to the raw transcript. The questions and any editorial 
                      comments are shown in italics, to distinguish them from Mr. Myers' 
                      remarks. 


Q: You began your career as a young Junior Actuary with the Committee 
                      on Economic Security, in 1934. Can you tell us how that happened, 
                      how you came to be there, how you came to start your career with Social 
                      Security. What were the circumstances?
Myers: Well, it was a matter, 
                      really, of great good luck--being in the right place at the right 
                      time. I had, in June of 1934, received my Masters Degree in Actuarial 
                      Science from the University of Iowa, which was one of only two schools 
                      in the country that at that time had actuarial courses. My professor, 
                      Henry Lewis Rietz, was a member of the Actuarial Advisory Committee 
                      to the Committee on Economic Security, which had been established 
                      to make studies looking forward to the development of the Social 
                      Security program. And when I graduated there were no jobs available, 
                      none of the people in my class had got jobs except those who had 
                      been sent there by their insurance company and the company took 
                      them back. So I was back home in Philadelphia looking for a job 
                      and one day I got a letter from Professor Rietz saying, very complimentarily, 
                      that I was his unemployed actuarial student who lived nearest to 
                      Washington--would I be interested in a 6-week temporary job as a 
                      Junior Actuary with the Committee on Economic Security? I didn't 
                      know what that was either, but I knew what a job was, and 6 weeks 
                      was fine. So my principal qualification, therefore, was geography, 
                      because most of the other students were from the Midwest.
So I came down and was interviewed for the 
                      job by Edwin Witte and got offered the job and took the job and 
                      the 6 weeks turned out to be much longer because --I came down about 
                      September 23, 1934--the work at the Committee on Economic Security 
                      extended on for a number of months, until the recommendations were 
                      made and then legislation was developed and Congress considered 
                      it. But the money available to the Committee on Economic Security 
                      expired on June 30, 1935 just before the Social Security Act was 
                      finally enacted.
During the first two or three months of this 
                      job I was working under two qualified actuaries who were there on 
                      loan, one from Travelers Insurance Company, W.R. Williamson, and 
                      one from AT&T, Otto Richter. And then when they left--I by that 
                      time got a bit of educational experience on how to make the cost 
                      estimates--I kept making cost estimates for the various proposals 
                      that were considered by the Committee on Economic Security and then 
                      on the legislation as it went through Congress.
On June 30, 1935, the job expired. I got 
                      a temporary job with the Works Progress Administration, as a statistician. 
                      As you know the Social Security Board, as it was then called, didn't 
                      get an appropriation for quite awhile because of a filibuster by 
                      Senator Huey Long. For some people--like Wilbur Cohen, and others--they 
                      found some money for them through the Labor Department to start 
                      the planning. The Social Security Board didn't really get money 
                      until sometime in 1936 and they didn't particularly need actuaries 
                      to start with. They needed people to plan the administration and 
                      that sort of thing and so then I got a temporary actuarial job with 
                      the Railroad Retirement Board which was here in Washington at the 
                      time.
Q: Before we go to that, can I ask you 
                      about your first meeting with Witte, and your first impression of 
                      him, and what he was like? At that first interview, did he make 
                      any impression on you of a particular kind?
Myers: No. I guess being 
                      a young college student I was scared to death. It was a short meeting. 
                      He didn't ask me much. He knew what my qualifications were from 
                      Professor Rietz, but he had to have a face-to-face meeting with 
                      me, I guess. I can't remember anything much at all about it.
Q: OK. During that time you worked at 
                      CES was he present during your work? Did you interact with him or 
                      did you work mostly with Richter?
Myers: Well, mostly with 
                      Richter who worked on the old-age side. Williamson worked on the 
                      unemployment side, and then I also worked with Doug Brown and Barbara 
                      Armstrong. I saw Witte occasionally. I don't recall any particular 
                      meetings.
Q: How about Altmeyer? He was the head 
                      of the technical staff which the folks you just mentioned were a 
                      part of.
Myers: Again, I don't recall.
Q: At that time he wasn't prominent in 
                      your day to day work?
Myers: Not at all.
Q: You did mention Barbara 
                      Armstrong, Douglas Brown, and, I think, Murray Latimer as the three people working on the old-age side. Did you work with 
                        them? Did you have many dealings with them? Can you tell us a little 
                        bit about them.
Myers: Essentially my dealings 
                      with them initially were just through Richter. Those people would 
                      get together and decide on a plan, who was to be covered and the 
                      benefit formulas, and Richter would set up the calculations and 
                      I would do them. So, although I saw the people, I wasn't in on any 
                      of the meetings and I can't say that I developed any of the recommendations, 
                      specifically. Then later, when Richter went back to AT&T, I'd 
                      be dealing with Latimer, Doug Brown and Barbara Armstrong to some 
                      extent. When they would say: "what would the program look like 
                      if it were framed in this and that way, what would it cost? What 
                      are the projections?"
Q: I believe you have some documents 
                      there concerning the actuarial estimates done for the CES. What 
                      are those documents, and what is their significance?
Myers: It's the actuarial 
                      worksheets underlying the original Social Security Act of 1935. 
                      I have copies of the worksheets. I gave them to your predecessor, 
                      Sid Leibowitz, and he made a photocopy, which I have here. It was 
                      transmitted to Leibowitz on March 7, 1985 so presumably it is somewhere 
                      in your files.
These worksheets are numbered R61A, R62A 
                      and R63A. The "R" standing for Richter (Otto Richter). 
                      Richter being the actuary who was in charge of the old-age pension 
                      side of the work of the Committee on Economic Security. Also, I'm 
                      giving you a note of July 6, 1996 which may explain these worksheets 
                      a little and indicating some things that are very important that 
                      might otherwise be abstruse, as well as a letter of April 15, 1985 
                      that I wrote to Wilbur Cohen and Murray Latimer explaining the basis 
                      underlining these worksheets as I remembered it, and did they recall 
                      the same, and both of them agreed.
As you recall, when the House passed the 
                      bill in 1935 it did not include a retirement earnings test, not 
                      because the House didn't want to do this but they weren't quite 
                      sure how to write it and they left that up to the Senate. If benefits 
                      were paid to everybody beginning at age 65, whether they worked 
                      or not, the cost would be quite high. The question then was how 
                      to make the estimates for the Senate, which did put in a retirement 
                      earnings test of a general nature. In essence, the Senate provision 
                      prohibited paying benefits to a person who had any substantial gainful 
                      activity.
Q: At one point you were called in to 
                      work on providing some actuarial estimates that would account for 
                      a retirement test. Can you just describe what that was about?
Myers: Yes. This was with 
                      Murray Latimer when the Senate was going to put an actual retirement 
                      test in because I was told the House didn't know exactly how to 
                      write it so they just said: "Well, we'll leave that up to the 
                      Senate." But then there was to be the general principle that 
                      the plan was to be self-supporting, up through 1980, and the retirement 
                      test was in there, and what I did was to work backwards as to what 
                      assumption of the average retirement age would make the plan self-supporting. 
                      And so I made the estimate on that basis, the plan is going to be 
                      self-supporting, and then worked back to see what that assumption 
                      would involve as the average retirement age, which turned out to 
                      be 67 , which I didn't think was unreasonable. If it had taken something 
                      like age 70 I would have said "I can't stand in back of this 
                      estimate." But at that time--with no experience except what 
                      you knew about how long people worked and so forth, and the benefits 
                      weren't that big, that people were going to rush forth to retire 
                      just to get the benefits--the resulting figure of 67 seemed to me 
                      to be a reasonable assumption.
Q: If there had been no retirement test 
                      in the law, then it would have been more difficult for the program 
                      to be self-supporting, for it to be in actuarial balance.
Myers: Yes, because what 
                      you're saying in essence is that benefits are paid automatically 
                      at age 65 regardless of cessation of employment and obviously more 
                      benefits would be paid than if you assume that people retired (at 
                      67 ), and the system would not have been self-supporting with the 
                      tax schedule that was in the proposal.
Q: I'm very interested in this issue 
                      of the retirement test because there's a very common, what I consider 
                      to be a myth, about the retirement test and I want to check if I'm 
                      right. It's now said by some people that the retirement test was 
                      put in the law in order to discourage older workers, to get them 
                      out of the labor force so that younger workers could take their 
                      place, and that was the intent of the retirement test. And then 
                      these people would argue we no longer need that sort of effect and, 
                      therefore, we don't need a retirement test any more. Is that an 
                      accurate description of what happened and how the retirement test 
                      came to be in the law or is that a myth that's evolved?
Myers: That's a myth that 
                      I've frequently pointed out. That was a by-product, perhaps, that 
                      people would retire, but my demonstration of why it's a myth is 
                      that the average benefit was going to be maybe $15 a month and the 
                      average wage was around $100 a month, so people weren't going to 
                      rush out, leave $100 jobs to get $15 benefits. And that wasn't going 
                      to remove very many people from the labor market.
At the same time, both the House and the 
                      Senate wanted a bill that was self-supporting. In other words, it 
                      would be financed solely by the payroll taxes and the interest earnings 
                      of the Reserve Account, that is, there would be no government subsidy 
                      from general revenues. The way the Committee on Economic Security 
                      left it the program did depend on general revenues and President 
                      Roosevelt more or less vetoed that idea. The House and Senate were 
                      going along with a self-supporting program with no effect on the 
                      general budget deficit of the government.
The problem then arose as to how you would 
                      actuarially take account of the retirement earnings test. Obviously 
                      this was going to reduce costs very considerably. There was no experience 
                      to draw on, we had to estimate the impact based on general reasoning 
                      about what we might expect. What was done was to develop various 
                      estimates, as explained in this note I have just written and as 
                      you'll see from these worksheets. I experimented with various reduction 
                      factors. In other words, reducing the benefits by multiplying by 
                      84 percent, and by 85 percent and finally by 82 percent, and 82 
                      percent worked out fine. The system was just self-supporting. It 
                      built up the famous $47 billion reserve at the end of 1980 and all 
                      the criteria were satisfied.
Now one thing though, this 17 percent reduction 
                      had to produce some sort of reasonable result. If it required an 
                      average retirement age of 75 that would have been obviously wrong. 
                      Now as I calculated, the 82 percent factor is equivalent to an average 
                      retirement age of 67 , which I didn't think was unreasonable. As 
                      it turned out, in actual experience, people are retiring earlier 
                      and of course, 65 is the earliest you can retire with full benefits, 
                      so 67 is on the high side and probably something like 66 or 66 might 
                      have been better. At any rate this was to express the general principle 
                      of self support.
Q: As you said, the proposal that originally 
                      came out of CES was for a program that wasn't fully self-supporting, 
                      there was going to be some general revenue subsidy in the program. 
                      President Roosevelt had given them guidance to not do that and Secretary 
                      of the Treasury Morgenthau was opposed to that, but the report as 
                      it came out still had those general revenue estimates in it and 
                      at the last minute, as the bill was being considered in Ways and 
                      Means, the CES had to go back and revise the actuarial projections 
                      and make it self-supporting. What was your role in all this? Were 
                      you involved in the policy debate, or just in doing the calculations.
Myers: In the calculations, 
                      not in the development of what the revisions were; and as much as 
                      I might have liked to, I didn't participate in the meetings when 
                      they said we're not going to have a government subsidy in the system 
                      and we've got to have a self-supporting system and that sort of 
                      thing.
Q: Did you have a strong view on that 
                      at that time?
Myers: I think so. I've 
                      always been opposed to government subsidies because I think that 
                      the cost should be out in the open. So, how strong I felt about 
                      it at that time, I really cannot say.
Q: During those early days, I believe 
                      you also met Wilbur Cohen, who was 
                        also a young staffer at the CES.
Myers: Yes. He was there 
                      about a week before I was.
Q: And did you know Wilbur? Did you meet 
                      him and work with him during that CES period?
Myers: Yes. We were about 
                      the same age and we were all around. It was a small office and I 
                      saw him, but I wouldn't say I worked directly with him, but a lot 
                      of times he'd come around and ask for information because he was, 
                      as you know, Witte's go-fer.
Q: The last thing about the CES period--can 
                      you just give us some idea of what the work environment was like? 
                      Was it hectic? Was it slow-paced? Just some idea of what it was 
                      like, if you can.
Myers: Well, it was my first 
                      job of that type. It didn't seem to me to be overly hectic. You 
                      worked along and you worked hard but there weren't lots of late 
                      hours, the way I've spent some with some legislation in the 50s 
                      and 60s and so forth. There wasn't any of that. People, I think, 
                      just worked hard, worked fairly normal hours. Some of us worked 
                      some at night, but it wasn't anything that I would say was hectic.
Q: Which is kind of surprising because 
                      you had such a short time period to do all the work.
Myers: That's true. Maybe 
                      the others did, and I just didn't notice it. Maybe I had other things 
                      on my mind.
Q: You mentioned that when the CES came 
                      to an end, that you briefly went to work for the Works Progress 
                      Administration. So let's pick back up with that if we can. What 
                      did you do there and what was that like? What was WPA like for that 
                      brief period that you were there?
Myers: I was just doing 
                      statistical work. I was only there about three or four months, and 
                      it was in the same building, and somebody I knew was there, and 
                      they had this job available, it was as a Junior Statistician. I 
                      was working on various characteristics of the relief population.
Like one thing was a very esoteric problem 
                      of what is the geographic center of the relief population, as there 
                      is the center of the total population. In other words, the center 
                      of population is the place, you know the concept, is that it's the 
                      point in the U.S.--which is somewhere west of the Mississippi, and 
                      then it's been moving west, over the years-- where the distance 
                      from that point to every person in the United States is a minimum 
                      as compared to if that point were somewhere else. I guess the Census 
                      Bureau still calculates the center of population, but it doesn't 
                      get publicity anymore. But anyhow, the guy that I was working for 
                      thought it would be interesting to see--since it had just come out 
                      for the 1930 census--what was the center of the relief population, 
                      which I suspected would be somewhat to the east of the center of 
                      the total population, and various statistical analyses like that.
But as soon as I got offered an actuarial 
                      job at the Railroad Retirement Board (RRB), I quit, because the 
                      Railroad Retirement Board was in the field that I had decided I 
                      was going into. They had an Actuary and they had three or four Junior 
                      Actuaries. I was made the second in command, but way below the Chief 
                      Actuary. The RRB was here in Washington at the time and so I took 
                      that and I was there close to a year, until SSA got some money for 
                      actuaries and brought Williamson back and he wanted me to come, 
                      so immediately I left.
Q: Can 
                      you tell us a little about Williamson? He would be at SSA for awhile, 
                      until I guess about 1947, as the Chief Actuary.
Myers: 1946. Actually, the 
                      title then was Actuarial Consultant.
Q: Can you describe him a little to us 
                      and give us a little bit of an impression of him, his working style? 
                      What was that period like while you were working there as a Junior 
                      Actuary?
Myers: When I was working 
                      under Williamson, there were four or five actuaries doing various 
                      types of work. My assignment was the continuation of what I had 
                      been doing, making the cost estimates for the existing system, for 
                      proposals and so forth. Some of the others were working on things 
                      like coordination of private pensions with Social Security, because 
                      there was a lot of talk then about opting out--the Clark amendment 
                      was being considered and whether people should be able to opt out 
                      of Social Security, and some of the other actuaries were working 
                      on things like that. Birchard Wyatt, in fact, was in the actuarial 
                      division. The Actuarial Office had an actuarial section and a technical 
                      section. Wyatt was the head of the latter section, and they worked 
                      on various aspects of the program and, I suppose, considered some 
                      of the plans that were being made to change the program even before 
                      it got into operation, or just as it was getting into operation. 
                      Also, an Advisory Council was coming into existence.
So I worked, as it were, directly under Williamson, 
                      and we did have a Deputy Chief Actuary, Dorrance Bronson, but I 
                      worked fairly independently without any supervision.
Williamson was a well-qualified actuary. 
                      He had been at Traveler's Insurance for years. He was very much 
                      interested in group insurance and, of course, group insurance is 
                      closely related to social insurance, in many ways. And he was generally 
                      supportive of the program in the beginning but then he got less 
                      and less enamored of it. And, particularly, he was in favor of what 
                      he called "social budgeting," by that he meant he was 
                      in favor of universal flat benefits rather than earnings-related 
                      benefits. He had the view, which I think had merit, that it was 
                      unfair that all those who had retired before Social Security began 
                      got nothing, and those who were in Social Security for just a few 
                      years, just enough to qualify, got real actuarial bonanzas, and 
                      that wasn't equitable. And he tried to urge that they ought to change 
                      the system and that it ought to not be an earnings-related system. 
                      And the more he thought about it, the stronger he got that way, 
                      and he got into a lot of conflict with the Social Security Board, 
                      and eventually there was a parting of the ways.
He was a very talkative fellow, and sometimes 
                      he was hard to follow. He talked so much and in long sentences and 
                      things like that, and sometimes it was hard to understand just what 
                      he was driving at. I thought so and I think others thought so. But, 
                      essentially, there was this conflict and the rift grew and grew 
                      until he no longer could stay--they didn't fire him, he resigned.
He resigned, in part, also because another 
                      opportunity arose, because Wyatt went out and formed a pension consulting 
                      company and then died at a fairly early age, after maybe only two 
                      or three years there. Wyatt was not an actuary, but he had a number 
                      of actuaries--Dorrance Bronson went there. They needed somebody 
                      to hold the company together so they convinced Williamson to come 
                      and be the President. And as you probably know, the Wyatt Company, 
                      (they've changed the name now, to Watson-Wyatt) is one of the most 
                      prominent actuarial consulting firms in the country, so it was a 
                      good opportunity. As I say, with this growing conflict, it just 
                      seemed to be a good way to resolve the issue.
Q: Now you left SSA, the Social Security 
                      Board, for awhile when the war started and did a few other things.
Myers: Well, I left when 
                      the war started because Uncle Sam said, "You're drafted." 
                      It was not voluntary. So I was drafted and I got a three or four 
                      month deferment because I was running the second actuarial valuation--they 
                      were triennial, every three years--for the Railroad Retirement System, 
                      because the actuary for that program (Joseph Glenn) got fired. He 
                      was a capable guy, whom I worked for after I left the Committee 
                      on Economic Security. But he was also a very hard-headed, stubborn 
                      guy, like actuaries generally, I guess. And he told the Railroad 
                      Retirement Board that he wasn't going to do the second valuation 
                      because it wouldn't show anything different than the first. Well, 
                      I don't know where he got that view, because after all, the law 
                      said do it. So you do it even if it does show the same results. 
                      And he left and they needed someone to do it and the actuaries they 
                      had there were not fully-qualified the way I was, and I had the 
                      experience, so I was loaned to the Railroad Retirement Board, and 
                      my being drafted into the Army was deferred.
And then, after completing the valuation, 
                      I was drafted. After basic training I got pulled back to Washington 
                      to work in the Medical Statistics Division of the Surgeon General's 
                      Office because the guy who headed that up was a statistician that 
                      I knew and he got me and several other actuaries to work there. 
                      They previously had a bunch of doctors who weren't capable doctors 
                      running the Medical Statistics Division. They weren't capable statisticians 
                      either, so it was a terrible mess. So we straightened it out--it 
                      was just a straight statistical operation, statistical recording, 
                      not much analysis, and I was given a direct commission, so I fought 
                      and won most of the war here in Washington.
Q: And you came back to...?
Myers: The way I came back 
                      to the Social Security Administration was interesting. I don't know 
                      whether it was in my book or not, but when the war was over in Europe, 
                      and they were saying how you could get out of the Army--you had 
                      to have a certain number of points, and you didn't get many points 
                      if you had only been in the U.S. So it looked as though I was going 
                      to be in the Army forever. I got approached to get out of the Army 
                      and go to Germany as part of the reorganization and review of their 
                      Social Security system. So, reluctantly in some ways, because it 
                      meant leaving my family, I said "yes, I would go" and 
                      they told me to go home and stay at home until they cut the orders 
                      for me to go to Germany.
And that gave me some of the best luck in 
                      my life. I was sitting at home one day, and the phone rang and I 
                      picked it up and the fellow said "This is Congressman Wolverton"--he 
                      was a Republican from New Jersey and was at that time Chairman of 
                      the House Interstate and Foreign Commerce Committee. He said, "I'd 
                      like you to come and work for me. We're going to work on Railroad 
                      Retirement legislation, and I'd like to have you work with the Committee." 
                      I said "Fine, I'd be glad to do it, but there's one small problem--I'm 
                      in the Army at the moment." About three days later, I was out 
                      of the Army, and I worked for the Committee for several months and 
                      when that was finished, then I was free to go back to Social Security, 
                      and I went.
In the meantime, Bronson had left Social 
                      Security and gone with the Wyatt Company. He was going to stick 
                      around and wait until I got out of the Army, but he couldn't wait 
                      that long. So I went back, and Williamson was still there. Then, 
                      Williamson left, and the opening was there. After a number of months, 
                      they decided that maybe I could be the Chief Actuary, but they thought 
                      I was too young. They--meaning the Social Security Board and Altmeyer--inquired 
                      around among a number of actuaries as to whether I would be acceptable 
                      to the actuarial profession, and it turned out that I would. So 
                      I was named in 1947 as Chief Actuary (or, rather, Actuarial Consultant, 
                      as the position was then called).
Q: Let's talk a little bit about the 
                      profession of the actuary because in many respects, it's kind of 
                      unusual. Can you just explain a little bit about the profession 
                      of the actuary and how you qualify and how was it for example that 
                      you were qualified to become the Chief Actuary at this point in 
                      your career?
Myers: The actuarial profession 
                      is unlike any other that I know. The CPAs, of course, have exams, 
                      but they're given by the states. The actuarial exams are given entirely 
                      by what is now the Society of Actuaries. There used to be two "life" 
                      actuarial organizations. They merged. In essence they worked closely 
                      together so they were really one actuarial organization. There was 
                      also one in the casualty field, but let's just talk about the one 
                      in the life field, which is now the Society of Actuaries. They set 
                      these exams. Anybody can take them and they've always been non-sexist. 
                      Nobody knew from the papers who the person was that was taking the 
                      exam. If you passed them, you passed them. The number of exams has 
                      changed from time to time. Back when I was taking them, there were 
                      twelve. Now there's a very complicated system. But the exams start 
                      off with basic math that most any college student will have. They 
                      go through actuarial math (involving life insurance, pensions and 
                      annuities) and statistics and then go into various subjects, one 
                      of them being social insurance; the others are insurance law, insurance 
                      accounting, insurance underwriting and various aspects of the insurance 
                      business, from an actuarial standpoint. And when you pass all those 
                      exams, then you're a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries, and you 
                      are a qualified actuary.
Q: Now, when you came to SSA, when you 
                      assumed the job of Chief Actuary, what was the role of the actuary 
                      within SSA in terms of how you dealt with the policy makers, how 
                      you dealt with the Commissioner's office, what was your role in 
                      the organization as the Chief Actuary? How would you describe how 
                      the actuary worked?
Myers: Let's go back. Originally, 
                      the actuaries were all concentrated under Williamson. And there 
                      was this feud, as it were, between Williamson and the Social Security 
                      Board; they clipped his wings some and set up a separate actuarial 
                      unit in Baltimore.
Because, as you know, the actuarial office 
                      was in Washington, and all the records and other things were in 
                      Baltimore. They set up this short-range unit in Baltimore, with 
                      qualified actuaries, and the unit in Washington then just dealt 
                      with long-range matters--short-range meaning in the next few years. 
                      The Baltimore unit did things like estimating what the operations 
                      of the Trust Fund were going to be in the next few years, and also 
                      they did estimating as to the number of claims that would be filed 
                      in district offices and various other claims activity, that were 
                      needed for administrative planning. In the long-range unit, we looked 
                      at the long-range situation of the present plan and various proposed 
                      amendments--were they adequately financed, or how they should be 
                      financed and so forth.
And so there was this separation of functions. 
                      The two offices naturally talked to each other--the long-range estimates 
                      had to tie in with the short-range ones. In 1965, they put the two 
                      pieces back together and put it under my supervision. But I left 
                      the short-range unit to operate as it was. I paid some attention 
                      to what they did, but it seemed to be operating well, and I let 
                      it keep operating in this manner.
Q: Now, there's always been this kind 
                      of tradition of the actuaries being very objective and apart from 
                      policy and politics, can you talk a little bit about that tradition?
Myers: I feel very strongly 
                      about that. The Actuary, regardless of what he or she thinks of 
                      various proposals that are put forth, should make the best possible 
                      estimate for them. It may not be right, but it should be the best 
                      that you can make, regardless of whether it's a good proposal or 
                      a bad proposal. And the policy makers shouldn't influence you and 
                      say "we don't like this--put a high cost on it," or "this 
                      is our proposal, let's say it doesn't cost so much." And to 
                      the best of my knowledge, very rarely has anyone ever tried to breach 
                      that principle.
There was a very good write-up about the 
                      work of the Office of the Actuary over the years in the conference 
                      report on the Independent Agency bill, and I would refer you to 
                      that. I use that quite a bit because they talk in there about why 
                      they did not put in the bill that there should be a legislated position 
                      of Chief Actuary (although later this was done).
But nonetheless, the tradition of the past 
                      has been thus, and I would say, unfortunately, at the moment, it's 
                      being breached some.
For many years, we operated on the basis 
                      that Congress and Congressional staffers--either side--could come 
                      to us and ask for estimates, and we'd give them to them. This didn't 
                      have to be cleared with anybody else. I understand from some of 
                      the Hill staffers that it isn't that way anymore, and I think that's 
                      bad. Usually what was done was that my superiors would be told we 
                      had been asked for cost estimates for this or that or the other 
                      thing, but we would give the inquirers the figures first and just 
                      report what we told them. In other words, the facts were all out 
                      there. This, I think, has been one of the strengths of the program, 
                      that we don't have separate actuarial units in Congress and in the 
                      administration who might be fighting over whether the assumptions 
                      were right. In other words, everybody played the game on the same 
                      assumptions. As I say, maybe the assumptions turned out not to be 
                      good, but they were honestly and professionally made.
One other thing in this respect, too, that 
                      has changed--to some extent, but not greatly. At certain points, 
                      both the Senate Finance Committee and the House Ways and Means Committee, 
                      when I was Chief Actuary, asked for my services to be available 
                      to them on a confidential basis. And the powers that be, the Secretary 
                      or the Commissioner, agreed that I was to work for them, and I did 
                      not have to tell the administration what I was doing and what they 
                      were thinking. Because there were times when Congress and the Executive 
                      Branch had different ideas, when amendments were up--not drastically 
                      different like they are now, where some people want to destroy the 
                      system. They had different approaches, and I was given the authority 
                      so that I was not breaching confidentiality. I was given authority 
                      to work for them, and so I was on their staff. At the same time, 
                      I wouldn't tell them what the Administration was up to, or I wouldn't 
                      tell the Administration what Wilbur Mills was up to. This was out 
                      in the open, and there was no breach in confidence involved because 
                      the powers that be in the Department thought this was in the best 
                      interest of moving things along.
Q: That's an extraordinary degree of 
                      independence that the Actuary has enjoyed over the years.
Myers: It isn't that much 
                      any more, as I understand it.
Q: Now was that tradition already in 
                      place from the earliest days of the Social Security Board? Would 
                      you say that it always functioned that way or that it was something 
                      that happened when you were the Actuary?
Myers: No. It happened, 
                      but not because of me, but rather due to the timing, because there 
                      was no legislation after 1939 amendments for ten years. So when 
                      the 1950 amendments were started in 1949, this is when this started 
                      happening, whereas I became Chief Actuary in 1947. And this has 
                      been noted. There was a book, I think by Manley from the Brookings 
                      Institution, in which he wrote about the Ways and Means Committee 
                      and pointed out that this was a most unusual thing that somebody 
                      from the Executive Branch in essence worked simultaneously for Congress. 
                      And some of my printed actuarial reports--it's not this way anymore--were 
                      signed Robert J. Myers, Actuary to the Committee. Sometimes I'd 
                      be working both for the Republicans and the Democrats, and they 
                      would come to me as though I was a staffer of the Committee. They 
                      used to have these Actuarial Cost Estimate reports. This is one 
                      done in 1983 and it just says, "prepared for use of the committee 
                      by its staff," and if you look at an earlier one--here's one 
                      from 1971-- that says "by the Office of the Actuary."
Q: Very interesting. Now the other part 
                      of that tradition of no one asking you to shade the numbers and 
                      shade the estimates, I assume was there from the beginning, even 
                      before you began to work closely with the Congress.
Myers: I would say so. There 
                      was only one instance I ever knew, when, in 1952, the Republicans 
                      came in. Roswell Perkins was Assistant Secretary. As is frequently 
                      the case, and as is often justified, political figures were often 
                      suspicious of the career civil servants, and he said one or two 
                      things along these lines, and I gave him a lecture and that was 
                      the end of it--we got along fine.
Q: You talked in your book about the 
                      tradition of providing long-range forecasts--of the idea that we 
                      should project the operation of the program far into the future 
                      and make certain that it was in actuarial balance. And that seems 
                      to have been a feature of the actuarial estimates that you introduced--it 
                      was partly at your insistence. Could you describe what that issue 
                      was and how you introduced that tradition?
Myers: You said it well 
                      yourself. First of all, the idea of long-range estimates was not 
                      one that was widely accepted throughout the world, years and years 
                      ago. I know from going to international conferences of actuaries 
                      or ISSA (International Social Security Association) meetings. Many 
                      of the European countries did not believe in long-range projections, 
                      year by year figures--they said we'll just have to look ahead a 
                      few years or we'll use present value calculations. Do you know what 
                      I mean by present value?
Q: I've come across it a hundred times 
                      and I've never understood it yet.
Myers: It's very simple. 
                      If you're a certain age, and have a life annuity of $1 per year 
                      coming to you and have a life expectancy of 18 years, that's going 
                      to have a present value of $15 or something like that, on the basis 
                      of a specified interest rate. The reason being that, if you have 
                      $15 in a fund and you pay out $1 each year, and you get interest 
                      at whatever rate you assume, that fund will just run out when the 
                      last survivor dies--actually you don't use life expectancy because 
                      that says that everyone lives exactly 18 years and then drops dead, 
                      and that is inaccurate; it's close, but not right. Actually, one 
                      uses a life table. You start out with 100,000 people at a certain 
                      age, and they drop off until the last one dies. If you start with 
                      100,000 at 65 the last one may die at 110, and by actuarial calculations 
                      you can figure out this present value of maybe $15.22.
In many social insurance systems, they did 
                      everything by present value, and private pension plans often do 
                      that. The present value of all the future benefits is determined 
                      for the duration of the last active employee--so they project out 
                      80 or 90 years. The present value of the benefits is X million dollars, 
                      and they figure out what fixed contribution rate do we need, say 
                      6.32 percent of payroll, the present value of all those contributions 
                      will equal the present value of the benefits.
The projection method was not widely used--I 
                      didn't invent it, but it was not widely used. The Europeans just 
                      didn't look ahead and I think that, over the years, there's been 
                      quite a change of opinion. More and more, the British did the projections 
                      and also the Canadians. And now others are doing this. If they'd 
                      done this, they would have seen, as we did, the effects of the baby 
                      boom. All this talk now about the baby boom has been no surprise 
                      to the actuaries of SSA, or to the policy makers of SSA who saw 
                      the work of the actuaries. You see these things by projections that 
                      you don't see in a present-value calculation.
Q: So the idea that we're so familiar 
                      with now, that appears in every Trustees Report every year--the 
                      long-range 75-year actuarial balance of the system and showing that 
                      projection year by year--that was really an innovation that was 
                      introduced while you were the Chief Actuary?
Myers: Yes. In fact, it 
                      used to be not a 75-year period, but perpetuity. Some people wonder 
                      how can you get a single finite figure for perpetuity when that's 
                      millions of years. Because of the discounting of interest, you can, 
                      and I'll give you a simple example. Suppose somebody agrees to give 
                      you and all your survivors $3 a year forever. The total amount that 
                      would pay is infinite, of course, but the present value of that 
                      is finite. The reason is, say interest is 3%, if you have $100, 
                      that will produce $3 every year forever, so the present value of 
                      that stream of infinite figures is $100. We used perpetuity as the 
                      basis for some years and assumed that after 75 years, everything 
                      stabilized. You can make the calculations, even though it's a perpetual 
                      calculation, through actuarial mathematics; it can be done quite 
                      simply, as I did that $100 bank deposit, and this was done until 
                      about 1965.
But some people said, "We don't understand 
                      this perpetuity, so why not just do it for 5 years or 10 years." 
                      I objected strongly to that because I saw the baby boom coming, 
                      and I said, you ought to at least encompass that effect. And so, 
                      75 years seemed a reasonable period because that's about the maximum 
                      lifetime of the youngest worker in the system, a 20-year old worker, 
                      and so it was switched over to a 75-year period. It doesn't make 
                      that much difference between 75 years and infinity, but it does 
                      make some, and it made the cost of the program a little less, but 
                      this was all recognized at the time the change was made.
I'm still an "infinity" guy, because 
                      even if you have a 75 year period, every year you do a new valuation, 
                      you have some slippage. If conditions were exactly the same, the 
                      assumptions were not changed, and the experience was just like the 
                      assumptions, the evaluation made later would show, if it was in 
                      balance in Year One, by Year Two it would be out of balance by a 
                      tiny amount, say .05% of payroll.
Q: Due to what?
Myers: The way the present 
                      system is. It wouldn't be that situation if we had a truly pay-as-you-go 
                      program, but in the present system, that situation, with a level 
                      tax rate, in the last year of the 75-year valuation period, the 
                      cost is higher, while in the first year the cost is lower.
Q: One of the features of the 75-year 
                      estimates that we have now is that we are able to say in a fairly 
                      definitive way whether the system is actuarially in balance or not 
                      in balance, and that concept, that test of in balance or not in 
                      balance, has become the key political measure of the performance 
                      of the program, so it's a very important innovation, I would say.
Myers: I think it is and 
                      should be. Wilbur Mills, particularly, was very strongly in favor 
                      of this procedure. He wanted to be able to go to the floor of the 
                      Congress and say "this system is an actuarial balance after 
                      what we've done." The only problem, as I say, is with this 
                      creep.
Q: Which is sort of a technical problem?
Myers: Yes. And it wouldn't 
                      be there if the tax rates were on a pay-as-you-go basis. A level 
                      tax rate is too high in the beginning and too low in the end, and 
                      you get that creep.
Q: Now you alluded to the fact that some 
                      people, I think even among your actuarial staff, thought that we 
                      should just do short-term estimates.
Myers: Not the actuarial 
                      staff.
Q: Oh, okay.
Myers: Some of the policy 
                      people. They took this approach, I think, because they said, about 
                      looking at the long range, "this stops us from expanding the 
                      program because things look good right now--they look great for 
                      the next ten years." If we only looked ahead ten years, we'd 
                      say there's no problem; yet we know there are going to be problems 
                      because of the demographic situation.
Q: But you would say the responsible 
                      thing to do is to do long-range estimating?
Myers: Yes, definitely. 
                      And recognize that you're not going to be precise. You're not going 
                      to hit it, but it's going to give an indication of the trends that 
                      are inevitably there from demographic causes.
Q: Now there's another story of a policy 
                      issue that was introduced after you left as Chief Actuary. I think 
                      it was in 1972, and I wanted you to talk about that. As I understand 
                      it, prior to this change our estimates didn't factor in inflation. 
                      It assumed steady wage levels rather than inflating wage levels. 
                      Can you explain what that issue was and what the change meant?
Myers: I was always in favor 
                      of having what I call static estimates, when it was a static program. 
                      In other words, the plan didn't call for automatic increases.
Q: You're talking about the COLA (Cost 
                      of Living Allowance)?
Myers: The COLA, and raising 
                      the earnings base and the retirement test amounts. There were some 
                      in the policy-making side who said that you ought to make the estimates 
                      for a static plan, by assuming that the economic conditions are 
                      going to change. In other words, wages are going to increase. I 
                      argued against this. I said, when wages go up then we'll take it 
                      into account. And that's how a large part of some of the liberalizations 
                      or benefit increases in the 50s and 60s were enacted. When there 
                      were several years of wage increases, we'd take that into account, 
                      and the cost of the program would show to be lower because of the 
                      weighted benefit formula. I said "you shouldn't count your 
                      chickens until they're hatched," as it were. I think, again, 
                      that some people wanted to take these economic assumptions into 
                      account because it would make a static program look less expensive 
                      and, therefore, you could liberalize the benefits. That's not right--you're 
                      counting the chickens before they're hatched. So I stood strong 
                      against that.
Now, on the other hand, when automatic adjustments 
                      are introduced into a system, then it's fine to have dynamic economic 
                      assumptions. But the two had to go hand-in-hand.
Q: I want to clarify in my own mind a 
                      few things about the actuarial estimates. There are a couple of 
                      criticisms that people sometimes make about the actuarial estimates. 
                      One of them is that the actuarial estimates don't reflect economic 
                      cycles. A related contention is that they are not based on any kind 
                      of economic model. Can you explain for me what the issue is in these 
                      arguments.
Myers: Yes. I'll be glad 
                      to try. Well, first of all, as to why economic cycles are not built 
                      into the long-range estimates, it seems to me to be virtually impossible 
                      to know just when the cycles are going to occur and the point is 
                      you make economic assumptions that average out what the cycles do 
                      and as long as you have a sufficient fund on hand it can weather 
                      these economic cycles. Now with short-range estimates, in essence, 
                      economic cycles are built in. The high-cost estimate in effect assumes 
                      there is going to be bad economic conditions, and the low-cost estimates 
                      assume there is going to be good economic conditions. So economic 
                      cycles are built-in to the short-range estimates. But in the long-range, 
                      trying to predict 20 or 30 years from now that there's going to 
                      be an economic downturn or upturn just seems to be at the heights 
                      of impossibility.
As to econometric models, maybe I'm just 
                      an old fogy, but I think often that is a matter of window-dressing. 
                      It's just fashionable to say that we have a model, and it's some 
                      kind of secret black box that has more wisdom than mankind does. 
                      But in a sense what the Actuary has always done could be described 
                      as a model-- and what they're doing now is supposed to be much more 
                      refined than what we did in the early days, and even in the somewhat 
                      later days. But it is a model in that you build a method which you 
                      can describe in terms of its various steps and assumptions. Some 
                      of these are just actuarial studies that the Actuary puts out and 
                      in a sense they're models, but they aren't the kind that people 
                      would describe as an econometric model where you feed in a couple 
                      of assumptions and the computer grinds and grinds and out comes 
                      a nice answer. But rather, these type of models you can see step 
                      by step what's being done. In other words, you start off with the 
                      basic population of the country and in order to get the payroll 
                      taxes we assume what percentage of people of various age groups 
                      are going to be gainfully employed and what their average earnings 
                      are by various ages and so on. In a sense, I'd say it's a model. 
                      I'm not enough of an expert to really condemn econometric models 
                      that much, but that's my general impression.
Q: On a related point, you have said 
                      that the actuarial estimates are not forecasts of the future behavior 
                      of the program, and that people who try to use them as forecasts 
                      are making a conceptual error of some kind. Can you explain this 
                      point?
Myers: Yes. It's like a 
                      weather forecast. Forget what the weather is going to be tomorrow, 
                      if it's going to be hot and rainy or something like that, the farther 
                      out into the future you go, the less the weather forecaster will 
                      actually forecast. He or she will say: "at this time next year 
                      there's likely to be no snow or it's likely to be hot," but 
                      they won't give a precise answer. In the long-term, actuarial estimates 
                      we say, under these assumptions, this is what will happen. And we 
                      know certain things are bound to occur. For example, we knew that 
                      the baby boomers were going to result in a much larger retirement-age 
                      population than currently. We also knew that as mortality decreased 
                      or, in other words, longevity increased, there would be a greater 
                      proportion of the population who would be elderly and retired. A 
                      forecast would say specifically how many, but the projections would 
                      say, we think under these assumptions this will be the result, however, 
                      under other assumptions there would be this many more or this many 
                      less. The point of distinction between projection and forecast is 
                      that the Actuary is never one to say, "We know with certainty 
                      what's going to happen." And this viewpoint is taken not only 
                      out of the standpoint of intellectual honesty, but also a matter 
                      of personal safety because no matter what you did it was very likely 
                      that the future would be somewhat different and at least the estimates 
                      would portray the general trends. In other words, if we only looked 
                      ahead 5 years we might make what I would call a forecast, and particularly, 
                      if we just went a year ahead, we could forecast within 1 or 2 percent 
                      pretty well, but the farther out you go the more likely it is to 
                      be off. But if you stop at 5 years, you would be failing, for example, 
                      to portray what is certain to happen, as in this case with the baby 
                      boomers. We know they're here. We knew 20 years ago they were here 
                      and we know they're going to be living to 65 so there's going to 
                      be this general trend. And that's why we call them projections as 
                      against forecasts.
Q: Let me see if I understand this. So 
                      the point of the actuarial projections is not to predict, for example, 
                      whether the economy will be growing or contracting in a particular 
                      year, or whether there will be an up cycle here and a down cycle 
                      there. That really doesn't matter so much because the point is to 
                      depict the broad general trend in the performance of the Trust Funds 
                      over the estimating period, and whether we can have confidence that 
                      the Trust Funds will be in balance over the period, taken as a whole.
Myers: Exactly. It's the 
                      trend that you're announcing. And I think there's been some experimenting 
                      with adding business cycles on top of an existing estimate, and 
                      you end up in about the same place. If you have an economic downturn 
                      the trust fund balance falls below the trend line and when you have 
                      an economic upturn it rises above the trend line. In general the 
                      trend is what is important.
Also an important aspect of the cost estimates 
                      (the long-range cost estimates) is to use them as sort of a yard 
                      stick to evaluate proposed legislative changes. So, for example, 
                      when amendments are proposed to liberalize benefits, which used 
                      to happen much more than it does now, you have a standard to measure 
                      them. You are then in a position to say, if you do this it will 
                      increase the cost by, say, 13 percent. The necessary questions can 
                      then be asked as to how we propose to meet that cost, and if you're 
                      proposing this, that or the other thing, that the proposal will 
                      or will not meet the 13 percent. So even though the estimate won't 
                      be a forecast, it will be a good indication of what's likely to 
                      transpire if you change the system in certain ways.
Q: So now let me try to get a handle 
                      on the question of how policy makers should use the actuarial projections. 
                      The actuaries provide a range of forecasts, we now show an optimistic 
                      projection, a pessimistic projection, and an intermediate projection. 
                      Would it be correct to say that policymakers are making defensible 
                      choices as long as their assumptions fall somewhere within the range 
                      of estimates provided by the actuaries, and only if they use estimates 
                      outside the range provided would the actuaries say that the policy 
                      choices are not based on sound estimates.
Myers: Yes, that's right. 
                      I would go on to say, however, that over the years the policy makers 
                      have always said let's base our policy changes on the intermediate 
                      estimates. Now I think I would have objected if they said let's 
                      base it on the optimistic estimates, because if we used these estimates 
                      and they were off there would be a shortfall in the program's funding. 
                      And there are sometimes critics of the program who want to look 
                      only at the pessimistic estimates. The advantage of having the long-range 
                      estimates is to let people know that things might not turn out just 
                      the way we are thinking they will in the intermediate estimate. 
                      We aren't claiming to be seers and tell you absolutely what's going 
                      to happen. The system may have more money than it needs or it may 
                      have less, and so you should be aware of this and, particularly, 
                      don't take just the optimistic estimates because it may be that 
                      the financing will fall short if the assumptions in the optimistic 
                      estimate do not come to pass.
Now back in the days before--I guess it was 
                      in the late '60s, early '70s--the economic assumptions were always 
                      static. In other words, it was assumed that wages would not increase 
                      in the future, even though everybody knew that they undoubtedly 
                      would. But I always insisted this was the proper way to make cost 
                      estimates because the benefit structure was designed based on today's 
                      earnings levels without automatic adjustments. Once automatic adjustments 
                      were introduced then, fine, you can have dynamic assumptions. Now 
                      the way this turned out before automatic adjustments were introduced 
                      (it was in some sense nice for the actuaries) you made the estimates 
                      in a certain year on current wage rates and two years later wages 
                      had gone up. You then make a valuation and you show that the system 
                      has a surplus and Congress says, "Fine. You can increase benefits." 
                      And the increase was able to be supported. In effect it was just 
                      what a CPI COLA would have done, so you just work it out without 
                      automatic adjustments. In a sense it made everybody look good that 
                      they could do this and it didn't appear to cost anything--benefits 
                      could be increased without raising taxes. But I think it was the 
                      only way to proceed because you couldn't assume that wages were 
                      going to increase and the benefit formula would stay the same.
Q: Let me ask you about the estimates 
                      made in 1981. I think one of things that happened in 1981 is that 
                      for purposes of the short-range projections the Administration focused 
                      on the more pessimistic assumptions and for the long-range estimates 
                      they focused on the intermediate or "revised intermediate" 
                      assumptions. Some people have pointed to this as evidence of political 
                      manipulation of the estimates, saying that we pick and choose optimistic 
                      estimates when it suits us and pessimistic estimates when that suits 
                      us. Now if I understand correctly, that's a perfectly appropriate 
                      way to make public policy.
Myers: Yes, I think so, 
                      and especially when it's openly said.
Now if we can just step back to 1977. The 
                      1977 amendments were supposed to fix the situation for the short 
                      and medium range. We didn't bite the bullet over the long-range 
                      situation. But the difficulty was that in the short-range the financing 
                      was on a very close basis, very little margin for safety. The tax 
                      rate was going to go up in the '80s and then in 1990 but shortly 
                      afterwards it was decided, well, let's not increase taxes too much 
                      and we can get by. Well, by the intermediate estimate you could 
                      have gotten by but unfortunately economic conditions in the late 
                      '70s and early '80s were bad. Wages didn't go up as fast as prices 
                      and with the automatic adjustment features the system ran into trouble. 
                      The trust funds would have been exhausted in '81,'82, or '83--certainly 
                      by the middle of '83. But if the system could have been kept going 
                      for a little longer it would have come out of it to a considerable 
                      extent, but that isn't the way the system could operate. There was 
                      no provision that the Trust Funds could borrow money and pay it 
                      back later, and a lot of people would have been skeptical about 
                      it, and that just wouldn't have been a good procedure.
The problem in '77 was that legislative action 
                      was taken when the system was approaching financial problems, the 
                      financing changes were made a little too late. So in the '81-'82 
                      considerations, and in the '83 legislation, it was decided: "Look 
                      we don't want another crisis. In the short-range (the next 10 years--the 
                      1980s) let's base the financing on high cost estimates and pessimistic 
                      assumptions. For the long-range estimates we will use the intermediate 
                      assumptions." With the short-range we intentionally assumed 
                      pessimistic conditions so that we would not have another crisis. 
                      And actually many people, even after the '83 amendments were passed, 
                      said "we'll have another crisis in 2 or 3 years. You can't 
                      trust the government. They said that in '77 and look what happened." 
                      Well it was a different situation. As I said, in '77 the financing 
                      was based on the intermediate assumptions for the short-range and 
                      intentionally in the '83 amendments we said let's be safe. And as 
                      you know we sure got through the '80s beautifully.
In my files I have some articles where even 
                      some responsible organizations said there's going to be another 
                      crisis in 2 or 3 years. The Committee for Economic Development, 
                      which is a business group, quite moderate and quite responsible. 
                      They thought we were going to have trouble. They didn't understand 
                      what the National Commission recommended and what the Congress did 
                      to be absolutely sure it would not happen. And now we have a $500 
                      billion reserve fund.
Q: Now in 1981-82, when you were back 
                      at SSA as Deputy Commissioner, and the Chief Actuary reported to 
                      you, there was something introduced that was a little bit novel. 
                      Instead of having the three standard estimates that we usually have: 
                      optimistic, intermediate and pessimistic, there was one additional 
                      estimate. It was something that was a little bit more optimistic 
                      than the intermediate assumption but not quite as optimistic as 
                      the optimistic assumption, a kind of in-between. Now some people 
                      have talked about the introduction of this additional estimate as 
                      being evidence of some political manipulation by the Administration 
                      with the estimating process. I want you to describe to me how we 
                      came up with those four sets of assumptions and what their purpose 
                      was.
Myers: In the short-range 
                      estimates (the next 5 years) OMB did not like the assumptions that 
                      the actuaries developed for alternative II--the intermediate estimate. 
                      They said we're going to restore the economy and your assumptions 
                      are too pessimistic. Now I did not attempt to be Chief Actuary when 
                      I was Deputy Commissioner, but I sure wanted to back the actuaries 
                      up. So the actuaries, with my support and with Jack Svahn's support, 
                      said the OMB estimates were just too optimistic and we just could 
                      not support them. The compromise was to have two intermediate estimates. 
                      So the solution finally was to put in both a 2A and 2B set of assumptions. 
                      2A being the optimistic intermediate and 2B being the true intermediate 
                      and what happened in practice was everybody just kept using 2B and 
                      after a few years of doing this finally the SSA actuaries and the 
                      Board of Trustees said this is silly, why confuse things with four 
                      estimates, so we dropped the 2A one.
Q: Was this unprecedented? Was this push 
                      by OMB to have an optimistic set of assumptions something that happened 
                      before, did you have those kind of conversations while you were 
                      Chief Actuary?
Myers: Back when I was there, 
                      before 1970, OMB kept its fingers out of things. But more and more, 
                      and not improperly, over the years the Trustees and the Departments 
                      of Labor and Treasury got more and more interested in the assumptions 
                      and the actuaries have had to discuss this with them. I think the 
                      actuaries have always taken the position that they'll listen to 
                      people and if people convince them they'll change, but they won't 
                      take orders. If they think certain assumptions are right, that's 
                      it. Now before 1970 there was no outside control over the process 
                      at all.
Q: But you would not describe this as 
                      improper political interference?
Myers: No. I don't think 
                      so except for that issue that you brought up about the 2A estimate, 
                      and that really didn't amount to too much anyhow because it was 
                      put in there and nobody used it.
Q: And even though other agencies are 
                      now involved, at the end of the day the actuaries get to make the 
                      call.
Myers: Yes, I think that's 
                      fair to say. The Chief Actuary signs the statement. It's put in 
                      at the end of the Trustees report and I think the Chief Actuary 
                      is pretty reasonable about it. They don't just take an inflexible 
                      stand: "Look this is what I think and this is it, I won't listen 
                      to you." I think their views can be modified and if they are 
                      reasonably convinced they are willing to change. Other people have 
                      views on these subjects so I think the actuaries have been reasonable 
                      and I think they've had adequate professional control without attempting 
                      to be dictators.
Q: During your tenure at SSA, during 
                      your 23 years as Chief Actuary, you worked with five different Commissioners: 
                      Arthur Altmeyer, William Mitchell, John Tramburg, Charles Schottland 
                      and then Bob Ball. I wonder if you could just take a moment and 
                      tell us about the Actuary's office during each of those tenures 
                      and whether there was anything different about the relationship 
                      between the Commissioner's office and the Actuary's office under 
                      any of those Commissioners.
Myers: I can't say that 
                      there was any great difference in the relationships except, as I 
                      said, in 1965 somebody decided, maybe just because the organizational 
                      chart would look better, to consolidate all the actuaries under 
                      me. I know at one point they wanted to move all the actuaries to 
                      one geographical location--Baltimore--and I objected to that. I 
                      wanted to stay in Washington because I wanted to be near the Hill 
                      because of the working relations that I had with people in Ways 
                      and Means and Senate Finance. If you're 5 minutes down the street, 
                      it's different than if you're 40 miles away. So I objected to that, 
                      and it wasn't done until after I left.
Q: So, as far as the role of the Office 
                      of Actuary, it didn't change under any of those Commissioners. It 
                      basically was the same during that entire period.
Myers: I think it's fair 
                      to say so. I got along reasonably well with all the Commissioners 
                      that you mentioned, except you know why I left.
Q: Alright, let's talk about that next. 
                      In 1970 you ended up resigning as Chief Actuary and leaving over 
                      differences that you had--largely, I think, with Commissioner Ball--but 
                      in general, on the issue that the Agency was politicalizing the 
                      program.
Myers: Well it's not quite 
                      that simple.
Q: Ok. Would you please describe what 
                      happened?
Myers: Bob Ball won't agree 
                      with some of the things I say, and he didn't like my book, and I 
                      can understand why. Maybe we come from different angles, but I believe 
                      that civil servants should be civil servants and that they should 
                      support whatever political administration is in, and if the administration 
                      is proposing to do things they don't like, they shouldn't work under 
                      cover to undercut them. I don't feel it quite the same as, let's 
                      say, if the Soviet Union invaded the United States and took the 
                      government over--as a civil servant I would undercut them. It's 
                      not quite that level of patriotism in dealing with Social Security, 
                      as I see it.
I assert that, during the Eisenhower administration, 
                      there was much undercutting of the Republican Administration--and 
                      I am a moderate Republican. But I think that civil servants, regardless 
                      of their own political or social views, should support the administration 
                      they're working for and should not work undercover with people on 
                      the Hill who may be of their political views. Much of that went 
                      on in SSA in the Eisenhower Administration. Speeches would be written 
                      for liberal Democratic Senators, or they would be told what the 
                      administration was planning, and that sort of thing. I couldn't 
                      prove it in a court of law, but I'm just fairly certain--I said 
                      it in my book and I'll say it again--because that's the kind of 
                      thing that was going on. And it became even more apparent when the 
                      Republican Administration went out in 1960, some people chortled 
                      with joy that the Democrats were back in, and that sort of thing.
I determined at that point that, if this 
                      ever happened again, I was going to blow the whistle. Some people 
                      have said that's because I wanted to be Commissioner, when the Republicans 
                      got back in. I say that wasn't the case, although every "little 
                      boy" wants to be President one day. I thought the job of Chief 
                      Actuary was the best job in the world. I would have been Commissioner 
                      if they would have offered it to me, but that certainly wasn't my 
                      primary purpose. My primary view was I just didn't think it was 
                      right. When the next Republican administration came in (in 1968), 
                      the same thing continued to happen--the speech writing, the passing 
                      on under-cover of what the administration was considering or going 
                      to do, helping people write speeches attacking it, and that sort 
                      of thing. So I started making speeches, which a civil servant shouldn't 
                      do, and capped it all by having an article in Reader's Digest, which 
                      you probably know about. Then I immediately resigned, because I 
                      knew that you shouldn't do that, but I guess my conscience said 
                      to do it. It hurt me to leave, but I felt I had to do it. Bob Ball 
                      doesn't see it that way, and he has written me about my book, where 
                      he disagrees with some of the things I said there. But that's the 
                      way I saw it, and that's the way I still see it.
Q: One way of looking at this would be 
                      to say that the people who formed SSA were sympathetic, politically 
                      speaking, to the Democrats and because during the early years of 
                      the program Democratic administrations were in charge, there was 
                      a harmony there and then when the Republican administrations came 
                      in there was a disharmony in the Agency and in the administration. 
                      First, is that sort of what you're saying?
Myers: Yes. That's what 
                      I am saying.
Q: I'd take it that your decision to 
                      leave in 1970 was a difficult decision to make. You had been there 
                      from the beginning.
Myers: Very difficult, but 
                      it had to be done. That's all there was to it.
Q: There's one other issue that came 
                      up after you left, and that was the check stuffer issue in 1972. 
                      There had been a custom of putting a stuffer in the check whenever 
                      there was a cost of living increase. In the past, these messages 
                      had been technical messages. Then in 1972, when President Nixon 
                      was campaigning for reelection, the White House wanted a message 
                      put in there that basically gave the President credit for that cost 
                      of living increase so that he could get some political mileage out 
                      of it. And your view was that this was an inappropriate procedure, 
                      and you criticized Mr. Ball in your book for not fighting that issue 
                      vigorously enough. Now I know that since your book has been published 
                      you have had some correspondence with Mr. Ball on this subject, 
                      and he represents that he did work against it but behind the scenes. 
                      And I'm wondering if your assessment of that incident is still the 
                      same or if it has changed at all.
Myers: I know that Bob Ball 
                      objected strongly to the way that I wrote that up, but that's the 
                      way that I saw it. But he ought to know. He was closer to it. I'm 
                      not saying that he was wrong. Maybe he did fight it, but I think 
                      he could have fought it more.
Q: Clearly, in your view, that was inappropriate 
                      for that check stuffer to be used in that way.
Myers: Yes, of course.
Q: Then you left SSA and you went on 
                      to lots and lots of work and a very busy career after government 
                      and then you came back briefly in 1981. You came back in March 1981 
                      and stayed for not quite a year as a Deputy 
                        Commissioner at SSA, and I want to talk a little bit 
                          about that if we can. First, tell me: why did you come back?
Myers: The major incentive 
                      was that I wanted to come back because there was a financial crisis, 
                      and I thought I could do something about it. So I wanted to come 
                      back, and I wanted to be Commissioner. Naturally, every "little 
                      boy" wants to be President, and I guess every little girl too, 
                      but I didn't make it. Jack Svahn and I were the ones being considered. 
                      At a meeting I was told that I couldn't be Commissioner, but they 
                      would like me to be Deputy Commissioner. I still thought I could 
                      go back in that capacity and do something about the financing crisis.
Q: Who was the meeting with? Was it with 
                      the White House or the Department?
Myers: It was with the Secretary, 
                      Richard Schweiker. And I went back. Of course you know from my book 
                      that it wasn't for financial reasons, because I got paid 55 cents 
                      an hour net after considering my Civil Service Retirement annuity, 
                      but I did have a private car and driver.
Q: How did you find SSA when you came 
                      back after a decade of being away?
Myers: I don't know. I was 
                      so busy. There were many things that I would've liked to have done, 
                      but I was so busy worrying about the crisis. And also, I tried as 
                      hard as I could not to act as thought I was still Chief Actuary--not 
                      to meddle with actuaries any more than I'd like any other political 
                      figure to do. But of course, I came back with the advantage--as 
                      a political appointee--that the bureaucrats weren't going to pull 
                      anything over my eyes, because I was there before they were, so 
                      I had no problem that way. But there were many things that I would 
                      have liked to have done, if this was considered to be a permanent 
                      situation, but I really felt that I was there just to see what I 
                      could do about saving the system.
And that's the reason I left, because when 
                      the legislative situation got into a tangle, and they had to appoint 
                      the National Commission, I knew that's where the action was going 
                      to be. I wanted to be a Commission member, but I didn't make it. 
                      Instead, I got to be Executive Director, and some people would say 
                      I was in an even better position. But anyway, that's the way it 
                      was--that was the only game in town, so that's the way I played 
                      it.
Q: Ok. Let's move on to the Greenspan 
                      Commission. The first thing I wanted to know is what 
                        was your role as Executive Director of the National Commission on 
                        Social Security Reform, what did you do as Executive Director?
Myers: Could I go back just 
                      a little bit about why I left being Deputy Commissioner at SSA and 
                      why I resigned. Basically, as I may have said before, I wanted to 
                      be where the action was. I didn't go back for the money, as you 
                      know. I wanted to be where the action was. There was a serious financing 
                      problem facing Social Security and I wanted to be a part of the 
                      solution. I didn't expect to be the guy that did all the solutions, 
                      but I wanted to be in on it and I could see that the National Commission 
                      was where the solutions were going to be devised. I could play a 
                      role at SSA, and Jack Svahn was nice about it when I decided I was 
                      going, because there were going to be a lot of requests at SSA from 
                      the Commission. But I wanted to be where the action was and that 
                      was with the National Commission.
I had been working closely with the Republicans, 
                      particularly in the Senate, and they had three seats to appoint 
                      to the Commission. The Senate then was under a Republican majority, 
                      and they had three seats. In the House, which had a Democratic majority, 
                      they had two seats. I hoped to be one of the Senate members and 
                      I couldn't be if I was still at SSA. I had to resign and take my 
                      chances on it. But unfortunately the three Republicans appointees 
                      were all Senators, and naturally I couldn't compete with them. The 
                      three Senate appointees were Senators Dole, Armstrong and Heinz. 
                      But I did not know they would be the appointees, and I knew the 
                      only way I could possibly get on the Commission was not to be at 
                      SSA, so I resigned.
Now, perhaps unwisely, when I resigned I 
                      expressed a great regret for leaving and strong support for what 
                      the Reagan Administration was trying to do, but I couldn't resist 
                      taking a swipe at OMB. Now politically that wasn't a wise thing 
                      to do, but I'm not a politician. I just thought that had to come 
                      out because I thought the package of legislative proposals the Reagan 
                      Administration had put together under OMB's urging was just untenable, 
                      and I had to defend it before Congress. Two provisions especially 
                      concerned me. One was they reduced the minimum benefit for people 
                      on the rolls. Now I agreed the minimum benefit was too high and 
                      that not everybody who got the minimum benefit were poor people. 
                      There were a lot of civil servants who worked after retirement, 
                      or moonlighted, just enough to qualify for the minimum benefit and 
                      so got benefits intended for low-wage earners. But I thought that 
                      eliminating the minimum benefit for people on the rolls, we just 
                      shouldn't do. In fact that provision was in legislation that was 
                      passed in '81 and it was repealed before it went into effect. So 
                      that turned out alright.
The other thing that was so bad in the Administration's 
                      proposal was that benefits for people who retired early were to 
                      be reduced, not actuarially but arbitrarily. So instead of benefits 
                      actuarially reduced to 80 percent of the full benefit they would 
                      be reduced to only 55 percent. The argument for this was that people 
                      shouldn't retire early, and so you should penalize them. Well, I 
                      don't believe people should retire early, but on the other hand, 
                      I don't think you should unfairly penalize them. I also realized 
                      what nobody else was saying at the time, the worst criticism nobody 
                      thought of--mainly that this was penalizing the poor. A wealthy 
                      guy, a high income guy retiring at 62 would say, nuts to you. I'm 
                      not going to take a 55 percent benefit, I'll wait 3 years, I've 
                      got the money. And his or her pension plan likely would be adjusted, 
                      have sort of a bridge benefit, but the poor guy who had to retire 
                      on low income, had to have it to live on, was the guy that got hurt. 
                      So it was something that hurt the poor and the rich could avoid. 
                      That was a terrible provision. So I couldn't help but take a swipe 
                      at OMB over those two provisions, and it was a dumb thing to do 
                      politically. It probably killed my chances of being appointed a 
                      member of the Commission.
So I was hoping to be a member of the Senate 
                      majority on the Commission. However, that didn't happen. I got appointed 
                      Executive Director of the Commission. I supposed I pushed it some, 
                      but I didn't go all out because I thought the Administration was 
                      never going to appoint me after what I had just done, but they did. 
                      And I was appointed with the approval of the Democrats, because 
                      President Reagan and the Administration were trying to work with 
                      the with them and they tried to do it cooperatively. So they were 
                      searching for somebody that knew something about the subject and 
                      was agreeable to the Democrats as well as the Republicans. And nicely 
                      enough, despite our differences in some ways, Bob Ball, who was 
                      sort of a Democratic voice on the Commission, and Senator Moynihan, 
                      both agreed I would be good for the job, so that's apparently how 
                      it got through. I wasn't aware of any discussions of alternative 
                      people. It just came all of a sudden, "Do you want to be Executive 
                      Director?" It seemed like the second-best option, but when 
                      I thought about it, it seemed pretty good, and many people said 
                      I had it better than if I had been a member. That's what happened.
Q: Who offered you the job?
Myers: I was interviewed 
                      by Chairman Greenspan, whom I had not known before, and it was more 
                      or less a perfunctory interview since he was the Chairman and I 
                      was satisfactory to him. I may have talked to two or three of the 
                      other members. I don't have any piece of paper that says "Will 
                      you serve?" I think I just had a phone call and then a piece 
                      of paper came out, a press release from the White House, saying 
                      "Alan Greenspan announces the appointment of Robert J. Myers 
                      as Executive Director," and so on. Initially, I think it was 
                      just a phone call from an anonymous person saying, "We're thinking 
                      of appointing you. Are you willing?" "Yes, indeed," 
                      was my reply.
The job itself, I tried to do it on a professional 
                      nonpartisan basis and yet had sort of a split personality in the 
                      sense that I was appointed by the Republicans and I was a Republican, 
                      and as I say I supported in general what the Administration was 
                      trying to do. Yet I tried to be professional about it and be fair 
                      to the minority, because the Commission had 8 Republicans and 7 
                      Democrats and 2 of the Democrats were very conservative Democrats. 
                      The 5 Democrats appointed by the Democrats in the House and Senate 
                      tended to be liberal Democrats like Bob Ball, and that's alright. 
                      I don't use liberal as a bad word. But the idea is that I would 
                      try to provide information services to them. I was told that I had 
                      a staff of roughly 15 people and that 3 of them would be appointed 
                      by the congressional Democratic members. I hired them, but it was 
                      like when I was hired by Alan Greenspan--mostly a formality. I knew 
                      most of these people, I interviewed them, and they had professional 
                      qualifications and so forth. They had different philosophies perhaps, 
                      but were certainly qualified for the job.
Q: These were politically appointed staff 
                      members?
Myers: Yes. There were definitely three Democratic 
                      political appointees. These were Betty Dushin, Merton Bernstein 
                      and Eric Kingson.
There were also two staffers appointed by 
                      the Republicans. Two people who, in essence, I was told to appoint 
                      unless I had strong objections, which I didn't, because they were 
                      qualified just like the three Democrats. One of those was Carolyn 
                      Weaver, who worked for Senator Dole. Another was a lower-level professional. 
                      And in a sense I was a Republican appointee.
Then I needed staffers 
                      and I got them all from SSA. SSA was very good about lending 
                      me anybody I wanted. I appointed people whom I had known at SSA--Renny 
                      DiPentima, Virginia Reno, Bruce Schobel. When I was at SSA I had 
                      a personal staff of three personal people, Bruce was the one, and 
                      Suzanne Dilk and Annette Coates, so 
                      I just brought them along. And Tim Kelley--he was a great guy as 
                      far as knowing legislation, benefit computations, and the like. 
                      And then there were a couple of stenographic employees and they 
                      were hired without any political consideration. Some of the SSA 
                      staffers were liberal, some conservative, but they were all civil 
                      servants.
The idea of the staff was to service the 
                      Commission, arrange the meetings, work with Alan Greenspan on the 
                      agenda, supply information, such as, what would it cost to do this; 
                      what would this package do? People developed these packages of proposals 
                      and we would evaluate them. Sometimes the congressional Democrats 
                      held separate meetings and they'd have their congressional staff 
                      there. They had certain things in confidence that I never knew. 
                      Other things would come forth with requests for cost estimates and 
                      we would get the actuaries to do calculations for us. It was the 
                      same way with the Republican members.
In general the staff got along well, although 
                      there was sometimes a little conflict politically, but in the end 
                      it worked reasonably well. What conflicts there were, I wouldn't 
                      name the person, it was one of the Democratic staffers. He looked 
                      on it as being a very political thing and years later he apologized 
                      to me for a couple of things he had done. It was nothing serious, 
                      but they all had their own positions staked out. There was no sabotage, 
                      or Watergate-type scandal, or poking through other peoples' desks 
                      to see what the other side was up to, or any of that.
So I was in the ambivalent role of trying 
                      to be neutral and at the same time being a Republican political 
                      appointee. But my main interest was in the program--it wasn't political. 
                      And I think in general it was the other people's main interest as 
                      well. For example, Carolyn Weaver tried to do what Dole wanted. 
                      She had her views, and Carolyn is a great good friend of mine, but 
                      I think that sometimes her views are a little more towards cutting 
                      back Social Security. But she worked for what the Commission was 
                      trying to do. And in the same way, so did Claude Pepper. Some of 
                      the things that we did he didn't like at all. He didn't like the 
                      idea of raising the retirement age. He didn't believe in any benefit 
                      cuts but he went along, to his credit, and he supported the bill 
                      even though he said personally he didn't like some of it. This was 
                      a deal they made. And the other people more or less viewed it the 
                      same way.
Q: How much influence did you have on 
                      the various policy issues that they considered, the positions that 
                      they took. Did the Republican members ask you for advice or suggestions, 
                      or did you mainly act to review suggestions the members made?
Myers: Well I tried to walk 
                      a tight rope and I think I was honest and had integrity. At least 
                      I always tried to be that way. I didn't go around trying to push 
                      my own ideas, but the Republican members frequently would ask me 
                      what I thought and I would say what I thought. When minor things 
                      came up I would sometimes try to push them. For example, like Social 
                      Security coverage of employee contributions to 401K plans, which 
                      is a minor matter from a policy standpoint. But this was something 
                      that was just opening up at that time and it was a big loophole. 
                      So the Commission did recommend that we require these contributions 
                      to count for Social Security even though they didn't for income 
                      tax purposes. So maybe technical things like that I might push, 
                      but I didn't try to push my own views. I know a lot of times I was 
                      shown these various packages and asked what to do you think of this, 
                      and I might say, well technically, it has this problem, and it will 
                      cost this much, and so on. So as I say, I tried to balance those 
                      things out.
Q: You have generously donated to the 
                      SSA History Archives a set of your numbered memoranda from your 
                      work on the Commission. Could you just explain what those memoranda 
                      were and what role they played in the Commission's deliberations?
Myers: I developed this 
                      procedure, numbered memoranda, and they dealt with all sorts of 
                      issues. For example, one suggestion was that the COLA, instead of 
                      being based on the CPI, would be based on the increase in wages 
                      minus, say, 2 percent. By basing it on wages, everything in the 
                      system would be based on wages and it would be more stable. I'm 
                      not sure who developed that idea, whether I developed it or who, 
                      but I wrote things up like this for the Commission, to see various 
                      possibilities. And in the same way I think there are memos in there 
                      on the retirement age and it included changes in mortality. If age 
                      65 is the right age in the '30s, from the mortality standpoint, 
                      what would be the right age today. Now this would lead you to the 
                      conclusion to raise the retirement age. I wasn't indirectly trying 
                      to influence them, but you try to bring these facts before the public. 
                      And there were other memos that the Commission had--the more major 
                      ones I put in this series. And for any advisory commission I would 
                      suggest that this is a good device, it's a very handy reference, 
                      rather than just the date on the memo.
Q: As we look at these numbered memoranda 
                      there is a series of actuarial cost estimates provided by you and 
                      the professional staff. The numbers are revised several times, and 
                      the revisions get especially noticeable going into the Fall of 1982, 
                      as the members of the Commission began to divide politically. Some 
                      people have pointed to the changes in the cost estimates as evidence 
                      that the staff was politically shading the estimates to correspond 
                      to the political agenda of the majority on the Commission. How do 
                      you respond to this allegation?
Myers: I would say, categorically, 
                      that this just isn't true. If the estimates were changed it was 
                      because the actuaries believed they should be changed, as they do 
                      for the Trustees' report. I think I might add about these numbered 
                      memos, before they went out, the whole staff got to see them. In 
                      other words, the political appointees as well as the civil service 
                      people reviewed them so make sure, not only that they were accurate, 
                      but that they were not biased for or against any political point 
                      of view. It was all done on a very cooperative basis.
Q: Would you describe for us a little 
                      bit how the Commission worked? What was Chairman Greenspan's role? 
                      How did the members interact?
Myers: I think Alan Greenspan 
                      did a great job as Chairman. He was not a Social Security expert. 
                      His own views of what the system ought to be did not guide him so 
                      much. He wanted to fulfill the responsibility of the Commission 
                      and make a viable system as the President and the congressional 
                      leaders wanted. He ran the meetings on a very level-handed basis 
                      and gave all people a chance at it. In all the talks I had with 
                      him, there was never any effort to do things in a political manner.
In the beginning there was a bit of conflict 
                      between the members (as we might expect with such a varied membership). 
                      Some were very liberal. Some were very conservative. Some of the 
                      liberals, not Bob Ball who knew better, but some of the others, 
                      said this whole crisis was just not true--that the President was 
                      just trying to destroy Social Security, etc., etc. Well these were 
                      not the facts of the matter, and I well remember Pat Moynihan saying 
                      that everybody was entitled to their own opinions but not to their 
                      own facts. On that point, I made a number of presentations of the 
                      issues, of what the cost situation was and so forth. And I think 
                      that after a little while of proceeding in this deliberative manner, 
                      all the members of the Commission, being intelligent and fair people, 
                      came around to the fact that there was a problem and something had 
                      to be done about it. Now what you do about the problem--there are 
                      different ways. You could just raise taxes or you could just cut 
                      benefits, or you could have a mixture both. There were a little 
                      fireworks in the beginning with a couple of members. Later on everybody 
                      settled down and said that we've got a job to do and even though 
                      we appeared to be dead-locked in the fall of '82 it wasn't that 
                      this was being done for political reasons, it's just that the opinions 
                      were different.
Q: So you did dead-lock in the fall of 
                      '82 and President Reagan had to extend the life of the Commission 
                      past its original deadline and the members had to make another push 
                      to get a consensus recommendation.
Myers: Yes, and in a recent 
                      issue of the Congressional Record Senator Moynihan talked about 
                      his role in this and Senator Dole's role in this, and Bob Ball and 
                      others were involved. All of them played an important part to try 
                      to get the thing going again because there was that iceberg ahead 
                      and in 1983 if nothing had been done the OASI Trust Fund would have 
                      been exhausted. At that time you could make good estimates, which 
                      I did and as I recall, the August 1983 checks could not be covered--there 
                      would not have been enough money to send them out.
Q: Looking at this from the outside, 
                      there was considerable doubt that the Commission would be able to 
                      succeed. From your point of view inside the Commission, were you 
                      pessimistic at some point?
Myers: I was awfully pessimistic. 
                      I thought this was probably the most important thing I was ever 
                      in on and I hated to see it go down in failure. Not that I took 
                      all the responsibility, I was just one of the cogs in the wheel. 
                      Still, it was there and there was much dismay and discouragement 
                      among the staff. Then the Commission asked for more time and in 
                      the beginning of '83, as the story goes, Dole and Moynihan got to 
                      talking on the Senate floor and got the thing started again.
Q: What were you doing, what was the 
                      staff doing during the period when the deliberations appeared to 
                      be deadlocked?
Myers: People still were 
                      trying to develop packages that would work. Some of the staff were 
                      not full-time, they were full-time when needed. Some, like Virginia 
                      Reno and Tim Kelley, went back to SSA during this time. Oh, you 
                      asked about the Republicans on the staff and I forgot to mention 
                      the most important one, who was Nancy Altman. She was designated 
                      to be Alan Greenspan's personal assistant and again she was a very 
                      capable person, she worked in a very professional way.
Q: Now the final consensus came out of 
                      a small negotiating group. Were features of that consensus a surprise 
                      to you in any way or were they things that had already been under 
                      discussion and you had estimated and so on?
Myers: Oh yes, it had all 
                      been discussed. The exact package probably had never been put together 
                      in exactly that way, but parts of it were here and there in other 
                      packages and so it was just a matter of putting it all together.
Q: Let's talk about some of the provisions 
                      in that final consensus package. One of the big things in there, 
                      and that eventually became a part of the '83 amendments, was a move 
                      from pay-as-you-go financing to a partial reserve funding approach. 
                      Tell us about that.
Myers: Maybe you noticed 
                      that I winced a little as you said that, because it's not correct. 
                      But it has often been described in that way, so I am not being critical 
                      of you.
In the '72 amendments the system was changed 
                      to be on a pay-as-you-go basis. The '77 amendments changed this 
                      to some extent by providing for the building up of a sizable reserve, 
                      but not in the early years unfortunately. In the mid-'80s, and particularly 
                      in the 1990s, if everything had worked out, it would have built 
                      up a very large fund. So in practice, the pay-as-you-go result would 
                      have been there for the first 5 or 10 years but the underlying financing 
                      mechanism was to build up a reserve. Now over the long run, it would 
                      have been exhausted, but it would have built a large fund in the 
                      1990s and early 2000s. Now what was done in '83 in essence was to 
                      continue this but to strengthen the early years so you weren't going 
                      to have another financial crisis and it was also going to hopefully 
                      balance out over the long run, unlike the '77 amendments. Ideally 
                      what would have happened, if the estimates had been right, the Trust 
                      Funds would build up a large fund of some $20 trillion and then 
                      at the end of the 75-year period that would have gone down to maybe 
                      1-year's fund.
So it was what I call temporary partial reserve 
                      financing, which is a roller-coaster in some ways. Which is not 
                      a good idea and which I didn't think was a good idea at the time, 
                      but there wasn't time to do anything about it. What should have 
                      been done is not to have as big a tax increase in 1990 and have 
                      tax increases in later years. The whole air of crisis in early '83 
                      was let's fix this system up for the next decade. Let's also say 
                      that we looked at the long run problem and on the average we handled 
                      it. But on average isn't so good. I mean it's a lot better than 
                      nothing. At least it was recognized, unlike the 1977 amendments. 
                      The thought in my mind, and I think in other peoples' minds, was 
                      there is going to be time, let's fix this up in the future. Let's 
                      not have this big fund build up and then be used up. Let's have 
                      more sensible financing. But there was also the attitude of let's 
                      not rock the boat now. We've got a consensus, let's take it and 
                      run. The consensus fixes the short-range and on the average it fixes 
                      the long-range, and that's a pretty good step.
Unfortunately in the early 1990s when Senator 
                      Moynihan made an attempt to do this he didn't get anywhere because 
                      of budget limitations, which I think were very artificial. But the 
                      Commission never really looked at the long range situation except 
                      wanting to be able to say we recognized it. We've raised the retirement 
                      age to help solve this problem and so forth. So in hindsight critics 
                      can say, "Hey, why didn't you guys do a more thorough job?" 
                      When a house is burning down you can't always take care of every 
                      problem. That was the situation. Obviously in an ideal world we 
                      would have done a better job. I would have done a better job, but 
                      it would have been silly for me to get up before the Commission 
                      in the closing days and say ,"Hey look guys. Sure you fixed 
                      up the short-range. Sure you recognized the long-range problem but 
                      you didn't really thoroughly study the long-range problem." 
                      They couldn't be bothered with that.
Q: Do you recall who's idea that was, 
                      who, if anybody, was pushing this financing approach?
Myers: It just developed. 
                      It wasn't planned. Nobody said let's do it this way. It was just 
                      the natural result of saying we'll fix up the long-range situation 
                      in 75 years on the average. We'll fix it up and we'll do this in 
                      part by having a high tax rate beginning in 1990. When you have 
                      a level tax rate and increasing benefit costs, then averaging out 
                      higher benefits later you're bound to build up a fund and you're 
                      bound to use it up.
Q: As we look at it today, some people 
                      rationalize the financing basis by saying that it's a way of partially 
                      having the baby boomers pay for their own retirement in advance. 
                      You're telling me now this was not the rationale. Nobody made that 
                      argument or adopted that rationale?
Myers: That's correct. The 
                      statement you made is widely quoted, it is widely used, but it just 
                      isn't true. It didn't happen that way, it was mostly happenstance 
                      that the Commission adopted this approach to financing Social Security. 
                      The way they thought about it was that in order to achieve long-range 
                      balance we have to have this high tax rate in 1990, instead of putting 
                      it in steps. We could have fixed it up with a series of steps, lower 
                      in 1990, about the same in 2010, higher in 2015, that could have 
                      fixed it up just as easily, but there wasn't time. It was not intentional. 
                      It has the effect of baby boomers paying for their own retirement, 
                      which in a sense is good, but it wasn't a controlling element and 
                      it was not talked about. The main thing that was talked about was 
                      how do we fix up the short-range problem. Are you sure we aren't 
                      going to have another crisis in 2 or 4 years? And can you say that 
                      we have looked at the long-range problem and have done something 
                      about it?
Q: In recent years you have argued that 
                      we should return to pay-as-you go financing.
Myers: And I still think 
                      so. I still think we should have done that in 1990 when Senator 
                      Moynihan was pushing it. The reason I think so is that in an ideal 
                      world I wouldn't object to having a large fund and have the investment 
                      income helping pay the cost of the benefits, like in a private pension 
                      plan. But we don't live in an ideal world. With a large fund, there's 
                      the problem of how to invest it and the problem of using it to hide 
                      budget deficits. And also another problem that I foresaw, and which 
                      still might arise. When we come to the year 2000 and we start increasing 
                      the retirement age, I envision people saying, "Hey why are 
                      they making me wait a couple months or 4 months or 6 months to get 
                      full benefits when you have all that money in the fund?" So 
                      that would just destroy the planned financing. I think it's safer 
                      to have a fund balance of 75-100 percent, which you need for business 
                      cycles, and then you don't to have worry about how to invest it, 
                      what's its effect on the economy. It produces some investment income, 
                      but not much. It's useful but it takes the focus away from the real 
                      issue of the benefit protection that is provided and gets people 
                      talking about how are we going to use all that money--it's stolen, 
                      its worthless IOUs, it's not going into productive enterprise, it 
                      hides the budget deficit, and so on. Some of which is true, some 
                      of which is not. If you don't have a big fund, you don't get into 
                      all that business.
Q: You mentioned the idea of raising 
                      the retirement age. I take it that you supported this part of the 
                      Commission's proposals.
Myers: I supported that 
                      idea long before it was done by the '83 Amendments. My view has 
                      long been that if you have a demographic problem, you solve it by 
                      demographic means. If people are living longer, they should work 
                      longer. Many of the political liberals strongly opposed this. They 
                      saw it as a back-door way of cutting benefits. But it really doesn't 
                      reduce life-time benefits because they're going to live longer.
Then the argument was "how do you know 
                      that just because people are going to live longer that they are 
                      going to work more. You know it's possible that the people who live 
                      longer will not be capable of working longer." I think various 
                      studies have shown that people's health has improved so they could 
                      keep working, but it's conceivable that people could live longer 
                      and not work. My answer is if this occurs I'll be one of the first 
                      to say don't raise the retirement age. The country's just going 
                      to have to pay more. But put it in the law now, give people advance 
                      notice. Then if it turns out that you shouldn't raise the retirement 
                      age you can easily change it. Nobody's going to object. But if we 
                      had waited to take action until, say, 1996 and then said that the 
                      retirement age is going to start increasing in 2,000, people would 
                      say this is unfair. But as it was done, they've got 17 years advance 
                      notice so I was all in favor of doing it then.
While we are on this subject, there is one 
                      quirk about raising the retirement age which you may have noticed 
                      and you may wonder why. The age now goes up 2 months a year until 
                      it gets to 66 and then it stays there for about 10 years and then 
                      it goes up to 67. Why? What's the logic? The answer is: there is 
                      no logic. The answer is that when the calculations were made to 
                      take it straight up to 67 it produced too much of a surplus in the 
                      long-range. Unfortunately, the assumptions turned out such that 
                      it would have been good to do it that way. In fact, in 1983, the 
                      age could easily have been raised to 68, eventually. There were 
                      people who gave that idea support. Jake Pickle had a bill in and 
                      he wanted it raised to 68, but apparently they didn't need to in 
                      order to obtain long-range balance. This is most unfortunate but 
                      sometimes the actuarial estimates are too optimistic, as they were 
                      then, and sometimes they're too pessimistic so it's unfortunate 
                      we didn't go to 68. My present position, considering the deficit, 
                      is, on the benefits side, raise the age to 70 and go straight up 
                      until you get to 70 by 2037.
Q: Or take out that pause?
Myers: And take out the 
                      pause. Right. Now a lot of people, even some who are politically 
                      liberal, when they're trying to put together a package to solve 
                      this problem, one of the things they do is take out that pause, 
                      since it had no logic other then this was the result of actuarial 
                      estimates.
Q: How did you get age 70?
Myers: It's arbitrary. It's 
                      about the figure you need to get balance. My proposal is very simple, 
                      very traditional--part benefits, part taxes. I'd raise the tax rate 
                      by 1.2 percent on employers and employees in steps of 0.3 percent 
                      each in 2015; another 0.3 percent in 2020, 2025 and 2030, so you 
                      have a total of 1.2 percent each. My argument is that out of increases 
                      in wages, people usually can deal with this. They won't notice it. 
                      And also, I would , as mentioned earlier, raise the retirement age 
                      to 70, and this just about does the job.
Q: Another thing that was introduced 
                      in the '83 amendments was taxation of Social Security benefits. 
                      Tell me what you thought about that and whether you think that's 
                      a good idea.
Myers: My own view has always 
                      been that it is proper to subject benefits to income taxation like 
                      any other retirement income. Take into account what people have 
                      contributed out of their after-tax income, not what the employer 
                      put in because that was exempt from income taxation, and tax it 
                      just like any other contributory pension. What was done in 1983 
                      was just a step in that direction; with the present 85 percent, 
                      it's pretty close to the proper theoretical basis. I just thought 
                      that benefits should be subject to taxation just like anything else.
Now a lot of objection to it was that low 
                      income people would be affected. Well they aren't. Only 40 percent 
                      of the people would be affected by proper income taxation of benefits--and 
                      only 25 percent by the present provisions. But the opponents made 
                      it seem like everybody, including the poor, are going to have to 
                      pay income tax which just wasn't the case. But even if they had 
                      been taxed properly, 60 percent of the people wouldn't pay anything.
The only point I had against it was I didn't 
                      like that the proceeds from the income taxation went back to the 
                      Trust Funds. Now I dearly love the Trust Funds but I don't think 
                      they deserve the money. That's general revenue just like when a 
                      guy gets a pension from General Motors and that's subject to income 
                      tax, the General Motors pension fund doesn't get the money back. 
                      But it was like the saying about why Willie Sutton robbed banks--because 
                      that's where the money was. They needed money to get to balance 
                      in the program. I said I didn't like this, but I supported the whole 
                      package. And since then I never said this ought to be repealed.
Q: So your view is that we should have 
                      taxed benefits anyway, even if it were not needed as a revenue-raiser 
                      in the Commission's package?
Myers: Yes, benefits should 
                      have been subject to income tax from the beginning; it was just 
                      a historical fluke that they weren't. But as far as the package, 
                      I thought well, I support the package. I'm not going pick a piece 
                      out here that I don't like and try to get that changed, not that 
                      I had any power to do that but I wouldn't advocate it. When they 
                      raised the proportion subject to income tax in 1990 to 85 percent 
                      and then the additional money went to the HI trust fund, I opposed 
                      that. Some of that money ought to go to the general fund. But don't 
                      break this bargain made in 1983 to tax 50 percent of the benefits 
                      over the threshold.
Q: And did support for taxation of benefits 
                      breakdown along partisan lines or was it fairly evenly split?
Myers: It was fairly evenly 
                      split. I would guess somebody like Bob Dole would not be strongly 
                      opposed to it because he recognized the logic of it. Other people 
                      who are more partisan in nature, particularly Claude Pepper, didn't 
                      like it at all.
Q: There was another change introduced 
                      in the '83 Amendments. It was the coverage of new federal employees 
                      under Social Security beginning in 1984, and optional coverage for 
                      existing employees. I know that the labor representative, Lane Kirkland, 
                      opposed that. What was your view of that?
Myers: I think Kirkland 
                      had to take that position to support his constituents.
I was strongly in favor. I have always been 
                      in favor of universal coverage. I was always embarrassed that I 
                      spoke in favor of Social Security at times while I was there and 
                      I'd make speeches and people would ask the embarrassing question: 
                      "if this is such great program why aren't you in it?" 
                      And my answer honestly was "I think I should be, but that isn't 
                      the way the law is." As a matter of fact despite my 37 years 
                      of government employment, I've also had 32 years of Social Security 
                      coverage, some of it simultaneous, but most of it after I retired. 
                      But I was always in favor of it and as I said, I think it should 
                      have been done from the start. By the way, I think almost all of 
                      the members of the Commission were in favor of covering federal 
                      employees, and Bob Ball I'm certain supported it. It was a matter 
                      of principle, universal coverage. But Lane Kirkland had to take 
                      that position because his federal unions were strongly opposed.
Q: Another change that was introduced 
                      was this stabilizer provision. If I understand correctly, the idea 
                      is if the Trust Fund reserves get below a certain level relative 
                      to previous years, then this provision would kick in and reduce 
                      the COLA.
Myers: You have the right 
                      idea. The COLA would then be either the lesser of the wage increase 
                      or the price increase, so that what happened in the early '80s when 
                      prices went up more than wages, this would offset that and would 
                      be a sort of stabilizer. And that's again, described in one of the 
                      numbered memos. I don't know who originated the idea, maybe I did, 
                      maybe I didn't. Sometimes it's hard to say who originated a particular 
                      idea. But to me it's an ideal thing to do. Not necessarily to save 
                      the system, but it sure will help in unusual economic times and 
                      I think it's a fair thing to do. The only thing that is wrong in 
                      present law is that the trigger point is too low. When the Trust 
                      Fund gets that small, it may be going down hill too fast. I hope 
                      we never have this time in the country again when wages go up half 
                      as fast as prices. But if we do it ought to kick in at much higher 
                      fund ratio and stop the system from going down hill.
Q: Now we haven't actually used this 
                      provision?
Myers: Never been used. 
                      Because it kicks in when the Trust Fund is under a 20 percent fund 
                      ratio. We're at 150 percent now, and an ideal is 75 or 100 percent 
                      and that's what it ought to be kept at. But this is the only way 
                      it could be done. It has never been used. I can't see it being used. 
                      But if it were set at a higher ratio it could be a help.
Q: Were there any other policy changes 
                      in the Commission's package that you think are important?
Myers: I think the other 
                      things are more minor.
The other thing that I think was quite good 
                      was the windfall elimination provision. It stops people with pensions 
                      from non-covered employment from getting the advantages of the weighted 
                      benefit formula, and that I thought was a good idea. Actually the 
                      way it was done it has one problem, and it was partly my fault because 
                      I worked on this, particularly with the staff of the Ways and Means 
                      Committee. The principle was very good and it works out fine for 
                      high-paid government employees like you and me. But there are some 
                      cases where it works out very badly. Where a person has 10 or 12 
                      years of Social Security employment and 10 or 12 years of government 
                      employment--it just makes too large a reduction. As you know, the 
                      maximum reduction in the benefit is 50 percent of the government 
                      pension. That's an awfully big reduction for a low wage earner who 
                      has minimal Social Security and a minimal non-covered pension. I 
                      have a couple of cases in my file of people in that situation.
I've been advocating that instead of 50 percent, 
                      it should have been a 20 percent or 15 percent reduction. If the 
                      maximum reduction were 15 percent that would still have that windfall 
                      taken away from high paid executives. I have had this proposal out 
                      for awhile. I tried to convince NARFE to support it, but they want 
                      the whole provision repealed. I keep telling them "look, something 
                      is better then nothing. You're not going to just get it repealed. 
                      So try to help out some of these low income people." But nobody 
                      wants to liberalize the system at all. Even when there's a great 
                      injustice.
Q: Now about the procedures of the Commission, 
                      is there anything else that you want to talk about? What happened 
                      after the consensus was arrived at in January of '83? Can you just 
                      tell me how it ended ?
Myers: Both sides got together 
                      and agreed on a compromise package, and then the Commission met 
                      one evening--I don't know the exact date--and 12 of the 15 members 
                      agreed to it. The three that didn't agree seemed to be some of the 
                      politically very conservative people, and they were not violently 
                      opposed, but they just couldn't go along with some of the recommendations. 
                      So 12 out of 15 is a pretty good majority. And then they called 
                      the press in and I had the privilege of explaining the package to 
                      the press. The place was just jammed. It was a relatively small 
                      house. But that was a most interesting session. That was it.
Q: You showed me when I came in this 
                      morning, your memento from the party you had. Tell me that story.
Myers: As 
                      you know, our offices were in a very elegant townhouse on Lafayette 
                      Square. In fact this particular house at a certain point in 
                      history was the White House. Theodore Roosevelt, I think it was, 
                      lived there for a while when the White House was being refurnished. 
                      This was a very elegant house with high ceilings, crystal chandeliers--hardly 
                      suited for an office building but we had desks all over the place. 
                      I was on the second floor and Alan Greenspan, since he didn't come 
                      in very much, said he would take an office on the 3rd floor so I 
                      didn't have to walk up three flights all the time. So we managed 
                      to operate with reasonable efficiency.
When the work of the Commission was done, 
                      my wife Rudy and I thought it would be nice to have a party to celebrate 
                      the successful completion of the work of the Commission. It hadn't 
                      been enacted by the Congress, but apparently, unlike many Commission 
                      reports, it was going to be acted on. So we decided to have a catered 
                      party, which for the record, did not come out of any government 
                      funds, although we did use government facilities. We checked to 
                      see if this was proper and it was. We invited all the members of 
                      the Commission, all the staff and the Commissioner of Social Security 
                      and a few people like that and we just had a very nice party. Not 
                      all members of the Commission came because some were out of town 
                      but a number of them did come and the members of the Commission 
                      (I don't know who instigated it) very kindly got together and bought 
                      me this crystal of the Sword of Excalibur and gave it to me saying 
                      I had accomplished the impossible by withdrawing the sword and getting 
                      the Commission to agree. This was generous. I was a help but I wasn't 
                      the guy who did it. No one person did it. So naturally it is a very 
                      pleasant memento which we treasure.
Q: Give me your overall assessment of 
                      the Greenspan Commission.
Myers: I am very happy with 
                      it. I feel very pleased about it. I have gotten an awful lot of 
                      credit for it, far more then I deserve. I played a role, but many 
                      other people played a role, Bob Ball, Senator Moynihan, Barber Conable, 
                      Robert Beck from Prudential, and people from the White House. And 
                      I think the results were great. They weren't perfect, as I indicated. 
                      Nothing could ever be done that everybody would think was perfect, 
                      but it sure has worked quite well. The system, from a cash flow 
                      standpoint, is in good shape, solutions are possible in the future 
                      and the Commission gave me a lot of satisfaction. Many people point 
                      to the Commission as an example of how commissions can and should 
                      operate. But again it was fortunate that people got together, as 
                      they ought to do nowadays, and compromised their differences. You 
                      can't have everything you want in this world.
Q: Alright. I just want to ask you about 
                      a couple of current issues and get your impression and we'll be 
                      close to the end here.
Myers: Ok.
Q: As I'm sure you know, there's a Social 
                      Security Advisory Council that's about to issue its report, and 
                      according to the stories that are in the press, for the first time 
                      in history they are going to propose privatization of the program--partial 
                      privatization will be one of the proposals. I want to get your views 
                      about the recommendations of the Advisory Council and what you think 
                      about those three plans.
Myers: From what I know 
                      about the proposals, I'd start off saying that to me the translation 
                      of the word "privatization" is "destroyed." 
                      If it won't do it immediately, it will do it inevitably. So therefore 
                      I'm opposed, basically.
Now, as to the three plans, there are some 
                      parts of each of the plans that I like, but there's no plan that 
                      I am loudly in favor of. I suppose if I had to choose one, it would 
                      be the one which Bob Ball is supporting. The thing I don't like 
                      about that one is I don't like building up large assets and investing 
                      3/8 of them in the stock market. I just think that the Social Security 
                      system is so big an economic impact, it should be economically neutral. 
                      I'm a strong advocate, as you probably know, of pay-as-you-go financing. 
                      And if you have pay-as-you-go financing, and if you have a fund 
                      of the present size or even a little smaller, it really doesn't 
                      make much difference what you invest it in. Then if you get more 
                      investment return, that's not a big deal, but if as in Bob Ball's 
                      proposal, you'd build up a huge fund, then the investment income 
                      would be significant in financing the program, and I just don't 
                      think that's they way to go.
However, if you invest even more of the fund 
                      in the stock market, you'd be committing a cardinal investment sin 
                      by buying when the market's high and selling when the market's low, 
                      because when you're in a depression there's less payroll tax coming 
                      in, and you have to use some of the fund, so you'd be selling the 
                      stocks when the market was low. And when times are good, you'd be 
                      buying when the market is high. Now, if only 3/8 is in equities, 
                      maybe you'd never touch the 3/8, but I just think that building 
                      up a big fund is a dangerous thing, politically. You can sanitize 
                      it now and say it's all in indexed funds, etc., but another administration 
                      can come in and say let's use the money for social investment. Now 
                      I'm not against doing social good, but I don't think it's up to 
                      the Social Security system to do it; the Congress should decide 
                      those things.
Q: Now, in your view, we have this problem 
                      now because of the funding changes that were introduced in the 1983 
                      Amendments, right?
Myers: Which was not intentional, 
                      and we shouldn't have had it. We should have had pay-as-you-go financing, 
                      but the way that I thought it would happen is for about 10 years 
                      it wouldn't make any difference, but I had hoped that in the '90s 
                      things would change over to pay-as-you-go financing, the way Pat 
                      Moynihan recommended. I worked with him on that, but it didn't fly 
                      because it seems to unbalance the budget, whereas it really doesn't, 
                      but it seems to. I just don't believe in building up a big fund. 
                      Then, if this were done, I don't believe in putting it in the stock 
                      market. I can't believe that the supporters of this approach really 
                      think this is such a great idea, other than it will help them finance 
                      the system better, or in other words, fewer benefit cuts might be 
                      necessary.
My way of solving the problem is to raise 
                      the retirement age more than it is at present. Again, gradually 
                      and deferred. Also higher tax rates--those bad words-- nonetheless, 
                      higher tax rates, deferred and gradual, can be sustainable. Of course, 
                      Bob Ball has a higher tax rate ultimately, but I'd have it a little 
                      sooner.
The other two proposals, I think are very 
                      bad, because "oil and water don't mix." I'm all in favor 
                      of private sector investments. Middle income people, even some lower 
                      income people, and certainly higher income people, should be building 
                      on top of Social Security. Social Security never was intended to 
                      do the whole job, it shouldn't and it would be bad if it did. Again, 
                      that's the reason I quit in 1970, what I called the expansionists 
                      were out to expand the program. They did expand it some in the early 
                      '70s, but their intentions were to expand it much more, so that 
                      it would take care of all the economic needs of 90 percent of the 
                      population, and I didn't think that would be good for the character 
                      of the country. People should do something for themselves on top 
                      of this basic floor. By the same token, I don't think this basic 
                      floor should be destroyed by people opting out or privatizing out 
                      of it. Leave it alone, fix the system up, encourage private savings 
                      any way you want to. I'd even go for a compulsory IRA system where 
                      everybody had to contribute 2 or 3 or 5 percent of pay and put it 
                      into mutual funds or whatever, but leave Social Security alone as 
                      the base.
That's my thesis and so I don't like either 
                      of these proposals. What I particularly don't like isn't brought 
                      out much--that they're dead from the start. They can't be enacted 
                      because the other two proposals, Bob Ball's as well, will unbalance 
                      the budget, create huge budget deficits and yet we have the President 
                      and the Congress saying they're going to balance the budget in 7 
                      years (and partly the reason they're balancing it is because Social 
                      Security is hiding the deficit), which I have often objected to, 
                      but anyhow it's a fact of life. This is the way they're measuring 
                      it and if the President and Congress agree to balance the budget 
                      through some plan or other (I don't know what it is or what it could 
                      be), but say they did, and then you enacted any of these Advisory 
                      Council proposals, it would throw the whole budget out of balance, 
                      and so it just won't work. The trouble with all of this publicity 
                      now is that it causes people to say something is wrong with Social 
                      Security and the principal effect is that it is further destroying 
                      confidence in the system.
Q: That's what I wanted to ask you about. 
                      That is my last question. What do you see as the future of the program, 
                      given that there is such a low level of confidence in the program 
                      now? How should we cope with that and what do you see as the future 
                      of the program?
Myers: What I would do, 
                      but I'm not President or Emperor yet, would be to fix the system 
                      up the way I said and then get out and sell it to the public and 
                      try to convince the public that government estimates are not biased. 
                      There were many people back in 1983 and 1984 who said the system's 
                      going to have another crisis in the next few years--you can't believe 
                      the government estimates, we will have a crisis every few years. 
                      We haven't had any crisis. The system's better financed now. The 
                      fund balance is $100-150 billion more than we estimated in 1983. 
                      There's the long-range problem, however. The assumptions were a 
                      little too optimistic and the disability experience turned sour. 
                      The long-range picture is not in balance the way it was set in 1983. 
                      But the sort-range problem was certainly solved by the 1983 amendments, 
                      you can't argue with that. The SSA should get out and convince the 
                      public that we have all this money here, we've got the situation 
                      under control to the best of our knowledge, although there very 
                      likely is a long-range problem. As President Reagan said, if things 
                      go wrong in the future, people of good will get together, and they 
                      can solve it. You're familiar, of course, with Reagan's statement 
                      on signing the 1983 amendments, which is a masterpiece; I use it 
                      all the time, particularly when I'm talking to conservative groups 
                      who are bent on destroying the system. I say "look what Reagan 
                      said." I don't know if he really felt that way or not, but 
                      he's on the record. Whoever wrote that speech did a masterpiece.
That's what I would do. Fix the present system 
                      up. If you want more private savings, this isn't really my area. 
                      I'm not too sure that we have too little savings in this country, 
                      but some people act as though if we put a lot of money into the 
                      private sector, this will spur all kinds of new investments. I can't 
                      see why that's going to happen. You put huge sums into the stock 
                      market, it will just drive the stock prices up. Then also, who's 
                      going to buy the government bonds which the Trust Funds are buying? 
                      Nobody talks about that.
I never liked the fact that the excess of 
                      income over outgo in the Trust Funds is used to mask the budget 
                      deficit. I've written about that, but that's the way they're counting 
                      it and that's the way they're going to balance the budget, partly 
                      on the back of Social Security. But if you do these Advisory Council 
                      things, you tear that all down. So what will happen is, if they 
                      ever really consider these things, when they got up to that point 
                      of the budgetary effect, they'd draw back in horror and say "we 
                      can't do this." So all you've done is stir the public up that 
                      the system's no good and ought to be revamped or eliminated and 
                      yet you're not going to do it.
One other thing I'd like to talk about--which 
                      I have just written a piece on--is money's worth. There are many 
                      people who complain about not getting their money's worth out of 
                      the system, especially younger workers, and it's becoming increasingly 
                      that way, and that old geezers like me get far more than their money's 
                      worth. Therefore, it is argued, you ought to do means testing of 
                      the benefits. I am utterly opposed to means testing.
Means testing is bad because it is degrading, 
                      it's administratively costly, it creates fraud and abuse, and it 
                      discourages savings. If you means test the benefits, even if you 
                      do it right, and then the middle income person says "you're 
                      going to take away part of my benefits if I have savings. I don't 
                      trust you politicians anyhow, you say part now, but when I reach 
                      retirement age, you're going to take it all away, so why should 
                      I have any savings? Why should I have a small pension from my employer?" 
                      The people who are millionaires won't be affected, of course. The 
                      average guy who earns $30,000 a year is going to have all these 
                      disadvantages to save.
Now back to money's worth. That's just the 
                      nature of any defined-benefit pension plan like Social Security, 
                      that the persons retiring in the early years get more than their 
                      money's worth, and that this money's worth goes down and down. Otherwise, 
                      had Social Security been on a money's worth basis, the benefits 
                      in the early decades wouldn't have been effective because the benefits 
                      would have been so small. Also, if you had a level tax rate instead 
                      of an increasing one, you would have this problem that I see of 
                      too much money in the Trust Funds. So what we did I think was right. 
                      We're not on a pay-as-you-go basis, but we've been near it, and 
                      in the next 10 years, we're going to build up too much money.
As to money's worth analyses-- even though 
                      Bruce Schobel and I did it--and the reason we did it was basically 
                      not because we thought that this was such a great concept, but because 
                      if it was going to be done, we wanted to do it right. It's an actuarial 
                      matter. Some of my friends, the economists, have done it and they 
                      hadn't done it right. So we said if it was going to be done, let's 
                      do it right.
So in money's worth, you get into this argument: 
                      does the employer share belong to the employee? People who don't 
                      like the program say "yes" and that makes the money's 
                      worth look terrible. Others like me, who like the program, say "if 
                      you're going to do it, look at just the employee's share." 
                      If you do that, it doesn't come out too bad; but even then the very 
                      high-paid younger people don't make out. But my answer to all that 
                      is "so what?" This is not supposed to be a money's worth 
                      program. It's not supposed to be an individual equity program--no 
                      more than, say, school taxes. It's much less than school taxes because 
                      school taxes, if you never get married, you're never getting anywhere 
                      near your money's worth, or if you're done having kids, you can't 
                      say I'm not going to pay any more school taxes. Or like many private 
                      benefit plans, defined-benefit pension plans, the same thing happens. 
                      Or under health benefit plans--if the employer pays 5 percent of 
                      payroll for health benefits that doesn't mean that each employee 
                      gets health benefits worth 5 percent.
Q: It's the nature of insurance, right?
Myers: Yes. It's a broad 
                      pooling of the risk. And the advocates of the money's worth principle 
                      don't want a broad pooling of the risk. They say "yes, we will 
                      pool," but they want people with identical characteristics. 
                      They're willing to take into account the probability of death. But 
                      they say "let's just take all young people"--and they'll 
                      maybe even take into account the probability of being married or 
                      not married, but they won't take into account the probability of 
                      being a low income or a high income person all of your life. You 
                      may start out high and end up low.
Anyway it's broad pooling as I see it. Money's 
                      worth just is not a prime consideration and shouldn't be given prime 
                      consideration. If you enter into the debate on these grounds, you've 
                      lost before you start because it was known from the beginning--any 
                      actuary could have said it in 1940--that this was going to happen. 
                      This is not due to any devious planning on the part of the greedy 
                      old geezers--this is the inevitable course of a plan that's going 
                      to provide reasonably adequate benefits regardless of length of 
                      coverage.
In my case, I get Social Security benefits 
                      because I've had over 30 years of coverage, and my basic benefits 
                      are a great actuarial bargain. But each year, the reverse happens. 
                      As to the earnings that I made last year for my consulting work--and 
                      paid the self-employment tax on--and even if I just look at the 
                      employee tax and not the extra part I pay as self-employed that 
                      I paid last year--as to the additional benefits I'm getting, even 
                      though they're relatively large because I'm before the Notch Babies, 
                      the actuarial value of that isn't as much as the taxes I paid.
So money's worth is an interesting concept 
                      but it's not significant or all pervasive.
Q: I've always thought that the reason 
                      that people get so confused around money's worth is because they 
                      fail to appreciate that this is after all an insurance program and 
                      that it operates on insurance principles to some degree.
Myers: Again, yes, but you 
                      have to use the word "insurance" right because many people 
                      use the word "insurance" as individual insurance that 
                      has individual equity in it. If you look at insurance as I would, 
                      very, very broadly, spreading the risk in society, then it's fine. 
                      But many people, consider insurance like individual insurance--two 
                      persons 25 years old go into an insurance company and buy a policy 
                      and they pay the same premium; if you're 45 you pay a different 
                      premium. But in Social Security there's a much broader spreading 
                      of the risk. We should just downplay this money's worth thing and 
                      say, " it's interesting--it does show that you get some individual 
                      equity in it but don't expect this to be the guiding principle of 
                      the system."
I just sent Joan Wainwright a letter in regards 
                      to an informational pamphlet which has just been issued (and they're 
                      generally excellent) but it contains statements that impel people 
                      to think that the money they're getting comes from what they and 
                      their employer paid, and that in the long run is counterproductive 
                      publicity.
Q: So are you optimistic about the future 
                      of the program, considering the assault that it is under these days?
Myers: Some days, yes, and 
                      some days, no.
















Historical Links

History Home Page














































The Longchamps cookbook: Max; Myers, Robert J. [illus.] Winkler: Amazon.com: Books







 























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks


























































































Enter your mobile number or email address below and we'll send you a link to download the free Kindle App. Then you can start reading Kindle books on your smartphone, tablet, or computer - no Kindle device required. 
 







Apple








Android








Windows Phone








Android







To get the free app, enter your mobile phone number.

   or
        











Download to your computer

  Mac 
  Windows 8, 8 RT and Modern UI 
  Windows 8 desktop, Windows 7, XP & Vista  





Kindle Cloud Reader

  Read instantly in your browser 




























Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest



Link copied!

































Buy Used




$8.97










+ $0.00 shipping



 






    
    
    
    
        
    
    
    
    

Used: 






    
    
    
    
        
    
    

Good
		

 | 

				Details
			



		Sold by
		
			
			
				Motor_City_Books





Condition:
      Used: Good
    



Comment: Dust jacket in acceptable condition. Shelf and handling wear to cover and binding, with general signs of previous use.
              





Add to Cart




Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser











            See All Buying Options
        





                  Add to List
                  
              








                Added to
              










            Unable to add item to List. Please try again.
          

















                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          There was an error retrieving your Wish Lists. Please try again.
                      









                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          List unavailable.
                      



















Have one to sell?

            Sell on Amazon
        





























Flip to back
Flip to front







Listen





Playing...





Paused



 

You're listening to a sample of the Audible audio edition.

Learn more










See this image












The Longchamps cookbook
Hardcover

– 1954



	
	
	
		
		
	        
	        by
	
    
    
        
        
        
            
        
        
        	
        	
    	

		
		
			
Max; Myers, Robert J. [illus.] Winkler

(Author)








Be the first to review this item
















See all 2 formats and editions
Hide other formats and editions










                     Price
                




              New from
            

              Used from
            













Hardcover




"Please retry"







                                 —
                             






                            —
                        


$4.99



















Unknown Binding




"Please retry"







                                 —
                             






                            —
                        


$7.50















Hardcover 

    
      
          
        







  
  
    
      
      
        
        





        from $4.99
        
      
    
  
  
    
      
      
      
        



    
      
    







        
          8 Used from $4.99
        
      



        
          1 Collectible from $14.99
        
      

































The Amazon Book Review
  
Author interviews, book reviews, editors picks, and more.
Read it now














See all buying options










        The Longchamps cookbook
    





        
            
                        
        
        Available from these sellers.
    
























 click to open popover 










Customers viewing this page may be interested in these sponsored links  
  (What's this?)
  
















Ad feedback





















NO_CONTENT_IN_FEATURE













      Tell the Publisher!
    

I'd like to read this book on Kindle

    Don't have a Kindle?  Get your Kindle here, or download a FREE  Kindle Reading App.
    



















Add your library to your summer adventure


                Shop Kindle books to add the perfect companion to your summer fun.  See more














Product details


Hardcover: 110 pages
Publisher: Harper & Brothers; First Edition edition (1954)
Language: English
ASIN: B000GVITDI

    Package Dimensions: 
    
    8.2 x 5.7 x 0.8 inches
    
Shipping Weight: 9.6 ounces
Average Customer Review: Be the first to review this item

Amazon Best Sellers Rank: 

































#2,369,149 in Books (See Top 100 in Books)
 






If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support?


















Customers viewing this page may be interested in these sponsored links  
  (What's this?)
  
















Ad feedback











Customer reviewsThere are no customer reviews yet.5 star0%4 star0%3 star0%2 star0%1 star0%Share your thoughts with other customersWrite a customer review



















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started









































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.







Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates












ROBERT J STEWART - FORT MYERS, FL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



FORT MYERS



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            ROBERT J STEWART
                                    



 





















R 


ROBERT J STEWART
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



16277 CROWN ARBOR WAY FORT MYERS, FL 33908
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $75,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, Robert J Stewart has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site from Fort Myers. Robert J Stewart has estimated annual revenues of $75,000.00 and also employs an estimated 2 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Myers | Agricultural, Food, and Resource Economics
























Skip to content












Search Box

Submit Search





Menu



Department of Agricultural, Food, and Resource Economics








Giving





Robert J. Myers

 
Ph.D., University of Minnesota
M.S., University of New England, Australia
B.S., University of New England, Australia

University Distinguished Professor and Associate Chairperson for Graduate Programs Agricultural, Food, and Resource EconomicsMichigan State University 446 W. Circle, Dr., Rm 202C
Justin S Morrill Hall of Agriculture
East Lansing, MI 48824-1039 517 432 3649, .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) 



Bio-Info
Students
Research Impact
Publications
Presentations
Projects


Bio-Info
Biographical Information
Professor Robert J Myers joined the faculty at Michigan State University in 1986 to undertake research and teaching in the area of commodity market analysis and agricultural policy. Dr. Myers is appointed in the tenure system.  His primary research focus has been on risk management in agriculture, with an emphasis on market-based mechanisms for risk management, such as futures, options, and crop insurance.
He has published numerous articles in professional journals, been associate editor of the American Journal of Agricultural Economics and Review of Agricultural Economics, and worked as a consultant to the World Bank. He has served as editor of the American Journal of Agricultural Economics. In 2005 he was named MSU University Distinguished Professor.
Research/Outreach Interests





 
 
 
 

 
 











Myers | Agricultural, Food, and Resource Economics
























Skip to content












Search Box

Submit Search





Menu



Department of Agricultural, Food, and Resource Economics








Giving





Robert J. Myers

 
Ph.D., University of Minnesota
M.S., University of New England, Australia
B.S., University of New England, Australia

University Distinguished Professor and Associate Chairperson for Graduate Programs Agricultural, Food, and Resource EconomicsMichigan State University 446 W. Circle, Dr., Rm 202C
Justin S Morrill Hall of Agriculture
East Lansing, MI 48824-1039 517 432 3649, .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) 



Bio-Info
Students
Research Impact
Publications
Presentations
Projects


Bio-Info
Biographical Information
Professor Robert J Myers joined the faculty at Michigan State University in 1986 to undertake research and teaching in the area of commodity market analysis and agricultural policy. Dr. Myers is appointed in the tenure system.  His primary research focus has been on risk management in agriculture, with an emphasis on market-based mechanisms for risk management, such as futures, options, and crop insurance.
He has published numerous articles in professional journals, been associate editor of the American Journal of Agricultural Economics and Review of Agricultural Economics, and worked as a consultant to the World Bank. He has served as editor of the American Journal of Agricultural Economics. In 2005 he was named MSU University Distinguished Professor.
Research/Outreach Interests





 
 
 
 

 
 











Robert J. Myers: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 5:13 AM ET
Textiles, Apparel and Luxury Goods

Company Overview of American Achievement Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Robert J. Myers  Chief Executive Officer and President, American Achievement CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships52--
Background

		Mr. Robert J. Myers, also known as Bob, has been Chief Executive Officer and President of American Achievement Corporation since March 14, 2016. Mr. Myers has over 30 years of experience in the merchandise and retail industries, with a focus on sales, marketing, product development and omni-channel distribution strategies. He served as the Chief Executive of Sheplers, Inc. from January 25, 2010 to 2015. He served as the Senior Vice President of Platforms, New Media & ... Broadcast Technology for QVC.com and QVC Inc. He was responsible for setting the online strategic direction for all aspects of QVC.com, QVC''s on- line marketing efforts and its promotional e-mail program. He served as Vice President for Merchandising of QVC.com. Prior to joining QVC, he spent more than 15 years at JCPenney. He served as Merchandise Director of JCPenney and JCP.com since 1999. He serves as a Director at National Retail Federation Inc. He serves as a Member of E-Commerce Advisory Board at DreamIt Ventures. He served as Director of Shop.org. He served as Member of Strategic Advisory Board at Monetate, Inc. from November 17, 2010 to March 13, 2016.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
7211 Circle South RoadAustin, Texas 78745United StatesPhone: 512-444-0571Fax: 512-443-5213
Board Members Memberships
DirectorNational Retail Federation Inc.
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
Sheplers, Inc.QVC, Inc.National Retail Federation Inc.DreamIt VenturesMonetate, Inc.Shop.org


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact American Achievement Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























ROBERT J CURTH - FORT MYERS, FL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



FORT MYERS



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            ROBERT J CURTH
                                    



 





















R 


ROBERT J CURTH
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



17501 BOAT CLUB DR FORT MYERS, FL 33908
Get Directions



(239) 433-9233





Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $140,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts ROBERT J CURTH







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2005, Robert J Curth has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site from Fort Myers. Robert J Curth has estimated annual revenues of $140,000.00 and also employs an estimated 2 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






	DARRIN Trademark of Myers; Robert J.. Serial Number: 73436416 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Vehicles and Products for locomotion ...
DARRIN










 
Get FREE email alerts













DARRIN  Trademark Information
 Myers; Robert J.
Automobiles




Perfect for these industries

Vehicles and Products for locomotion by land, air or water 





Words that describe this mark
automobiles    
                                    




This is a brand page for the DARRIN trademark by Myers; Robert J. 
                                in South El Monte, , 91733.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this DARRIN trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Myers; Robert J. of the DARRIN trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the DARRIN trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, July 27, 1983,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        DARRIN by 
                        Myers; Robert J., South El Monte 91733.
                        The USPTO has given the DARRIN 
                        trademark serial  number of  73436416.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for DARRIN is 
                        
                        
                                            Richard E. Lyon, Jr. of 
                                            Lyon and Lyon,  34th Floor, 611 W. 6th St. Los Angeles CA   90017
                                .
                            The DARRIN trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Vehicles and Products for locomotion by land, air or water 
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for DARRIN 
                            is Automobiles. 
                            





Word mark:
 DARRIN


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

12/19/1990



  Serial Number:  
73436416


  Filing Date:  
7/27/1983


 Registration Number:  
1287858 


 Registration Date:  
7/31/1984


 Goods and Services: 
Automobiles


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of the name Darrin in fanciful script.


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
5/8/1984


Last Applicant/Owner:

Myers; Robert J.South El Monte 91733
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing with Words in Stylized form(50% Reduction of drawing size)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Richard E. Lyon, Jr.
Lyon and Lyon
34th Floor
611 W. 6th St.
Los Angeles CA   90017





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (012) - Vehicles; apparatus for locomotion by land, air, or water.


First Use Anywhere: 
9/1/1981


First Use In Commerce: 
9/1/1981





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your DARRIN trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

12/19/1990
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Richard E. Lyon, Jr.


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of DARRIN trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search darrin on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for DARRIN 




DARRIN is providing Automobiles.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 

































0241892457 - Cross of Frankenstein by Robert J Myers - AbeBooks













abebooks.com Passion for books.


Sign OnMy AccountBasket Help 












Search

By Keyword
By Title
By Author
By ISBN
By Publisher
By Collection


Find
Advanced Search


















              Item added to your basket
              

View basket




              Order Total (1 Item Items):
 
Shipping Destination: 


Proceed to Basket





 


View basket




Continue shopping





0241892457 - Cross of Frankenstein by Robert J Myers

You Searched For:

ISBN:
0241892457

Edit Your Search







Results (1 - 18) of 18







Sort By 

Author A-Z
Author Z-A
Bookseller Rating
Highest Price
Lowest Price
Lowest Total Price
Most Recently Listed
Relevance (Beta)
Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Year of Publication Ascending
Year of Publication Descending






Show results for
Product Type


All Product Types 


Books (18)


Magazines & Periodicals


Comics


Sheet Music


Art, Prints & Posters


Photographs


Maps


Manuscripts & Paper Collectibles



Refine by
Condition



All Conditions 


New Books (2)      


Used Books (16)      

Binding



All Bindings 


Hardcover (15)      

Softcover


Collectible Attributes



First Edition (9)      

Signed Copy



Dust Jacket (7)      


Seller-Supplied Images (3)      

Not Printed On Demand


Free Shipping



Free US Shipping (2)      

Bookseller Location


All Locations

Select a Country

Select a Country

Australia
U.S.A.

United Kingdom





Bookseller Rating



All Booksellers 

and up


and up



and up (17)      


  (11)      

 



Search Within These Results:



























            Stock Image
    








Cross of Frankenstein

Robert J. Myers


              Published by
              H.Hamilton
(1975)


ISBN 10: 0241892457
ISBN 13: 9780241892459



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: AwesomeBooks (Wallingford, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.75

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 4.16

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: H.Hamilton, 1975. Hardcover. Book Condition: Very Good. Cross of Frankenstein This book is in very good condition and will be shipped within 24 hours of ordering. The cover may have some limited signs of wear but the pages are clean, intact and the spine remains undamaged. This book has clearly been well maintained and looked after thus far. Money back guarantee if you are not satisfied. See all our books here, order more than 1 book and get discounted shipping. .  Bookseller Inventory # 7719-9780241892459

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
1.

















            Stock Image
    








Cross of Frankenstein

Robert J. Myers


              Published by
              H.Hamilton 30/10/1975
(1975)


ISBN 10: 0241892457
ISBN 13: 9780241892459



Used

Quantity Available: 2

From: Fun_Meister (Wallingford, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.75

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 4.16

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: H.Hamilton 30/10/1975, 1975. Book Condition: used-good. Will be shipped promptly from UK warehouse. Book is in good condition with no missing pages, no damage or soiling and tight spine. There may be some dog-eared pages showing previous use but overall a great book.  Bookseller Inventory # 9053-9780241892459

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
2.


















            Stock Image
    








Cross of Frankenstein

Robert J. Myers


              Published by
              H.Hamilton
(1975)


ISBN 10: 0241892457
ISBN 13: 9780241892459



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: AwesomeBooks (Wallingford, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.75

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 4.16

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: H.Hamilton, 1975. Hardcover. Book Condition: Good. Cross of Frankenstein This book is in good or better condition. It has no tears to the pages and no pages will be missing from the book. The spine of the book is still in great condition and the front cover is generally unmarked. It has signs of previous use but overall is in really nice, tight condition. Shipping is normally same day from our UK warehouse. We offer a money back guarantee if you are not satisfied.  Bookseller Inventory # 9053-9780241892459

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
3.



















            Stock Image
    








The Cross of Frankenstein

Myers Robert J


              Published by
              Hamish hamilton
(1975)


ISBN 10: 0241892457
ISBN 13: 9780241892459



Used
Hardcover
First Edition

Quantity Available: 1

From: Fantastic Literature Limited (Rayleigh, ESSEX, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 5.28

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.90

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Hamish hamilton, 1975. hardback. Book Condition: vg+ in a vg dustwrapper. 1st edition.  Bookseller Inventory # FJ0204/145

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
4.



















            Stock Image
    








The Cross of Frankenstein

Myers, Robert J.


              Published by
              Hamish Hamilton, London
(1975)


ISBN 10: 0241892457
ISBN 13: 9780241892459



Used
Hardcover
First Edition

Quantity Available: 1

From: Aamstar Bookshop / Hooked On Books (Colorado Springs, CO, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 8.95

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 1.00

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Hamish Hamilton, London, 1975. Hard Cover. Book Condition: Near Fine. Dust Jacket Condition: Near Fine. First Edition. MYSTERIES-This smallish hard cover is near fine with light edge wear in a nf DJ. black w/yellow & red lettering 12mo - over 6¾" - 7¾" tall 0.0.  Bookseller Inventory # Jan16-13ahb2

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
5.


















            Stock Image
    








The Cross of Frankenstein

MYERS, Robert J.


              Published by
              Hamish Hamilton, London
(1975)


ISBN 10: 0241892457
ISBN 13: 9780241892459



Used
First Edition

Quantity Available: 1

From: Cotswold Internet Books (Cheltenham, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 4.15

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 9.10

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Hamish Hamilton, London, 1975. 1st ed.. A tidy copy in tight binding Used - Very Good. VG hardback in VG price-clipped dustjacket.  Bookseller Inventory # BOOKS000782I

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
6.


















            Stock Image
    








The cross of Frankenstein

MYERS, Robert J.


              Published by
              Hamish Hamilton, London
(1975)


ISBN 10: 0241892457
ISBN 13: 9780241892459



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Cotswold Internet Books (Cheltenham, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 5.63

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 9.10

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Hamish Hamilton, London, 1975. 1st.ed.. A tidy copy in tight binding Used - Very Good. VG hardback in VG price-clipped dustjacket.  Bookseller Inventory # BOOKS056083I

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
7.


















            Stock Image
    








THE CROSS OF FRANKENSTEIN A Novel

Myers, Robert


              Published by
              1st.Hamish Hamilton: London
(1975)


ISBN 10: 0241892457
ISBN 13: 9780241892459



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Magis Books (Loughborough, LEICS, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 8.44

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 7.15

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 1st.Hamish Hamilton: London, 1975. x+208pp. A very good hardback in lightly worn and clipped dustcover.  Bookseller Inventory # 38256

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
8.



















            Stock Image
    








The Cross of Frankenstein

Myers, Robert J.


              Published by
              Hamish Hamilton, London
(1975)


ISBN 10: 0241892457
ISBN 13: 9780241892459



Used
Hardcover
First Edition

Quantity Available: 1

From: P Rulton Rare Books (Leominster, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 6.70

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 10.42

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Hamish Hamilton, London, 1975. Hard Cover. Book Condition: Very Good. Dust Jacket Condition: Very Good. First Edition. Hardback 1st ed 1st printing. Both book and dustwrapper are in very good condition.  Bookseller Inventory # 000751

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
9.


















            Stock Image
    








Cross of Frankenstein

Myers, Robert J.


              Published by
              H.Hamilton
(1975)


ISBN 10: 0241892457
ISBN 13: 9780241892459



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Jenhams Books (Dundee, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 4.01

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 15.62

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: H.Hamilton, 1975. Hardcover. Book Condition: Very Good. First Edition. A hardback First Edition in Very Good or better condition, in a similar dustjacket. This book is in stock now, in our UK premises. Photos of most of our books are available - please ask, as dustjacket and cover illustrations vary, and unless the accompanying image is marked 'Bookseller Image', it is an Abebooks Stock Image, NOT our own. Overseas buyers also note that shipping rates apply to packets of 750g and under, and should the packed weight of an item exceed this we reserve the right to ship via 'Economy', or request extra postage prior to fulfilling the order, or cancel.  Bookseller Inventory # mon0000079229

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
10.



















            Bookseller Image
    








The Cross Of Frankenstein.

Myers, Robert J.


              Published by
              Hamish Hamilton: London
(1975)


ISBN 10: 0241892457
ISBN 13: 9780241892459



Used
Hardcover
First Edition

Quantity Available: 1

From: COLD TONNAGE BOOKS (Windlesham, SY, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 14.73

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 7.80

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Hamish Hamilton: London, 1975. Hardcover. First British edition (& 1st printing).. A continuation of Mary Shelley's Frankenstein (1818). Fine copy in a fine dustjacket (as new).  Bookseller Inventory # 23598

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
11.



















            Bookseller Image
    









The Cross of Frankenstein

Myers, Robert


              Published by
              Hamish Hamilton, London
(1975)


ISBN 10: 0241892457
ISBN 13: 9780241892459



Used
Hardcover
First Edition

Quantity Available: 1

From: Transformer (Glasgow, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 13.39

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 16.26

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Hamish Hamilton, London, 1975. Hard Cover. Book Condition: Very Good. Dust Jacket Condition: Very Good in Sleeve. Jacket Robert T. Handville (illustrator). First Edition. 208pp. 8 inches. Red cloth, gilt titles. Covers vg with lightly sunned upper edge. Internally pristine, no onwer's marks. In original pictorial jacket, illustration by Robert T Handville, about as new, tiny nick at spine fold, clipped leaf corner, (not priceclipped, because price still there), protected in sleeve. Written in the Victorian style, faithful to the style and mood of Mary Shelley's classic tale, this novel brings the legend to wilderness America. 350g. (Horror Fiction, Classic, Frankenstein) Size: 8vo - over 7¾" - 9¾" tall.  Bookseller Inventory # C03482

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
12.



















            Stock Image
    








The Cross of Frankenstein

Myers, Robert J.


              Published by
              Hamish Hamilton, London
(1975)


ISBN 10: 0241892457
ISBN 13: 9780241892459



Used
Hardcover
First Edition

Quantity Available: 1

From: Delectus Books (London, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 13.38

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 16.85

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Hamish Hamilton, London, 1975. Hardcover. Book Condition: Very Good. Dust Jacket Condition: Very Good. First Edition. Horror novel based on Mary Shelley's Frankenstein. Size: 8vo - over 7¾" - 9¾" tall.  Bookseller Inventory # 000662

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
13.
















            Stock Image
    








Cross of Frankenstein

Myers, Robert J


ISBN 10: 0241892457
ISBN 13: 9780241892459



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: The Booksmith (Birmingham, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 20.09

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 19.52

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Book Condition: Good. First edition. Wear and tear to dust jacket.  Bookseller Inventory # T005502

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
14.


















            Stock Image
    








The Cross of Frankenstein

Myers, Robert J. (jacket art by Robert T. Handville)


              Published by
              London: Hamish Hamilton 1975 First UK Edition cr.8vo xvi,208pp ISBN 0-241-89245-7
(1975)


ISBN 10: 0241892457
ISBN 13: 9780241892459



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: N & A Smiles (Kellerberrin, Australia)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 10.00

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 30.00

      From Australia to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: London: Hamish Hamilton 1975 First UK Edition cr.8vo xvi,208pp ISBN 0-241-89245-7, 1975. Hardcover. Book Condition: Near Fine. Dust Jacket Condition: Very Good. Near Fine original maroon cloth, in VG+ price-clipped DW, protected in Brodart sleeve. Jacket art by Robert T. Handville.  Bookseller Inventory # 15123

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
15.



















            Bookseller Image
    








Cross of Frankenstein

Myers, Robert J.


              Published by
              Hamish Hamilton, London
(1975)


ISBN 10: 0241892457
ISBN 13: 9780241892459



Used
Hardcover
First Edition

Quantity Available: 1

From: Weysprings Books, IOBA, PBFA (HINDHEAD, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 26.72

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 19.44

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Hamish Hamilton, London, 1975. Hardcover. Book Condition: Near Fine. Dust Jacket Condition: Near Fine. First Edition, First Printing. Minor wear only, no inscriptions. The dust jacket retains its price and is protected by a clear, removable cover. Weysprings Books is a member of the Independent Online Booksellers Association (IOBA) and is bound by the Association's Code of Ethics.  Bookseller Inventory # 006538

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
16.


















            Stock Image
    








Cross of Frankenstein

Robert J. Myers


              Published by
              Hamish Hamilton Ltd
(1975)


ISBN 10: 0241892457
ISBN 13: 9780241892459



New
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Irish Booksellers (Rumford, ME, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 112.58

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Hamish Hamilton Ltd, 1975. Hardcover. Book Condition: New. book.  Bookseller Inventory # 241892457

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
17.


















            Stock Image
    








Cross of Frankenstein

Robert J. Myers


              Published by
              Hamish Hamilton Ltd
(1975)


ISBN 10: 0241892457
ISBN 13: 9780241892459



New
Hardcover
First Edition

Quantity Available: 1

From: Irish Booksellers (Rumford, ME, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 124.82

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Hamish Hamilton Ltd, 1975. Hardcover. Book Condition: New. book.  Bookseller Inventory # 0241892457

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
18.



 
 


Results (1 - 18) of 18







Sort By 

Author A-Z
Author Z-A
Bookseller Rating
Highest Price
Lowest Price
Lowest Total Price
Most Recently Listed
Relevance (Beta)
Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Year of Publication Ascending
Year of Publication Descending







Create a Want
Tell us what you're looking for and once a match is found, we'll inform you by e-mail.
Create a Want


BookSleuth
Can't remember the title or the author of a book? Our BookSleuth is specially designed for you.
Visit BookSleuth


Help with Search
Search Tips 
Glossary of Terms 
Set your own Search Preferences





Mobile View:
 Available
Not Available
×



































Robert J Myers - AbeBooks













abebooks.com Passion for books.


Sign OnMy AccountBasket Help 












Search

By Keyword
By Title
By Author
By ISBN
By Publisher
By Collection


Find
Advanced Search


















              Item added to your basket
              

View basket




              Order Total (1 Item Items):
 
Shipping Destination: 


Proceed to Basket





 


View basket




Continue shopping





Robert J Myers

You Searched For:

Author:
robert j myers

Edit Your Search







Results (1 - 30) of 580

1
2
3
4
5


›








Sort By 

Author A-Z
Author Z-A
Bookseller Rating
Highest Price
Lowest Price
Lowest Total Price
Most Recently Listed
Relevance (Beta)
Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Year of Publication Ascending
Year of Publication Descending






Show results for
Product Type


All Product Types 


Books (572)


Magazines & Periodicals (8)


Comics


Sheet Music


Art, Prints & Posters


Photographs


Maps


Manuscripts & Paper Collectibles



Refine by
Condition



All Conditions 


New Books (148)      


Used Books (432)      

Binding



All Bindings 


Hardcover (303)      


Softcover (172)      

Collectible Attributes



First Edition (118)      


Signed Copy (6)      


Dust Jacket (106)      


Seller-Supplied Images (63)      


Not Printed On Demand 

Free Shipping



Free US Shipping (191)      

Bookseller Location


All Locations

Select a Country

Select a Country

Australia
Canada
France
Germany
India
Ireland

New Zealand
Spain
U.S.A.
United Kingdom





Bookseller Rating



All Booksellers 


and up (578)      


and up (577)      


and up (558)      


  (388)      

 



Search Within These Results:





























The spice of love : wisdom and wit about love through the ages

Myers, Robert J.


              Published by
              Hallmark Editions, [Kansas City, Mo.]
(1968)



Used

Quantity Available: 4

From: Better World Books (Mishawaka, IN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.48

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Hallmark Editions, [Kansas City, Mo.], 1968. Book Condition: Fair. 1968 Unknown Binding col. illus. . 60 p. Shows definite wear, and perhaps considerable marking on inside.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP67582911

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
1.




















The spice of love : wisdom and wit about love through the ages

Myers, Robert J.


              Published by
              Hallmark Editions, [Kansas City, Mo.]
(1968)



Used

Quantity Available: 7

From: Better World Books (Mishawaka, IN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.48

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Hallmark Editions, [Kansas City, Mo.], 1968. Book Condition: Good. 1968 Unknown Binding col. illus. . 60 p. Shows some signs of wear, and may have some markings on the inside.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP67782720

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
2.




















American Christmas: 48 American Poets Celebrate the Beauty of Christmas

SCHOTT, Webster and Robert J. Myers (Editors)


              Published by
              Hallmark Cards
(1965)



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Better World Books (Mishawaka, IN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.48

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Hallmark Cards, 1965. Book Condition: Good. Former Library book. Shows some signs of wear, and may have some markings on the inside.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP72769295

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
3.

















            Stock Image
    








The Tragedy of Richard II

Robert J. Myers


              Published by
              Gazelle Book Services Ltd
(1987)


ISBN 10: 0874913721
ISBN 13: 9780874913729



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Better World Books (Mishawaka, IN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.48

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Gazelle Book Services Ltd, 1987. Book Condition: Good. Former Library book. Shows some signs of wear, and may have some markings on the inside.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP78277714

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
4.


















            Stock Image
    








Social Security (McCahan Foundation book series)

Myers, Robert J.


              Published by
              Irwin Professional Publishing
(1985)


ISBN 10: 0256033072
ISBN 13: 9780256033076



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Better World Books (Mishawaka, IN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.48

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Irwin Professional Publishing, 1985. Book Condition: Fair. 3rd. Former Library book. Shows definite wear, and perhaps considerable marking on inside.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP85985481

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
5.


















            Stock Image
    








Advanced Business Communication

John M., Jr. Penrose, Robert W. Rasberry, Robert J. Myers, Bob Myers


              Published by
              South-Western Pub
(2001)


ISBN 10: 0324037392
ISBN 13: 9780324037395



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Better World Books (Mishawaka, IN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.48

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: South-Western Pub, 2001. Book Condition: Fair. 4th Edition. Shows definite wear, and perhaps considerable marking on inside.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP88097506

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
6.


















            Stock Image
    








Advanced Business Communication

John M., Jr. Penrose, Robert W. Rasberry, Robert J. Myers, Bob Myers


              Published by
              South-Western Pub
(2001)


ISBN 10: 0324037392
ISBN 13: 9780324037395



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Better World Books: West (Reno, NV, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.48

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: South-Western Pub, 2001. Book Condition: Very Good. 4th Edition. Ships from Reno, NV. Great condition for a used book! Minimal wear.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP90040042

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
7.


















            Stock Image
    








Business Communication for Managers: An Advanced Approach

John M. Penrose, Robert W. Rasberry, Robert J. Myers


              Published by
              South-Western College Pub
(2004)


ISBN 10: 0324200080
ISBN 13: 9780324200089



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Better World Books (Mishawaka, IN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.48

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: South-Western College Pub, 2004. Book Condition: Good. 5th. Shows some signs of wear, and may have some markings on the inside.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP2812173

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
8.


















            Stock Image
    








Advanced Business Communication

John M., Jr. Penrose, Robert W. Rasberry, Robert J. Myers, Bob Myers


              Published by
              South-Western Pub
(2001)


ISBN 10: 0324037392
ISBN 13: 9780324037395



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Better World Books (Mishawaka, IN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.48

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: South-Western Pub, 2001. Book Condition: Good. 4th Edition. Shows some signs of wear, and may have some markings on the inside.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP10056819

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
9.

















            Stock Image
    








Business Communication for Managers: An Advanced Approach

John M. Penrose, Robert W. Rasberry, Robert J. Myers


              Published by
              South-Western College Pub


ISBN 10: 0324200080
ISBN 13: 9780324200089



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: OwlsBooks (Toledo, MD, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.65

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: South-Western College Pub. Hardcover. Book Condition: VERY GOOD. Very Good copy, cover and pages show some wear from reading and storage. Binding may have light creases. Lots of life left in these pages.  Bookseller Inventory # 2736030903

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
10.

















            Stock Image
    








Business Communication for Managers: An Advanced Approach

John M. Penrose, Robert W. Rasberry, Robert J. Myers


              Published by
              South-Western College Pub


ISBN 10: 0324200080
ISBN 13: 9780324200089



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Hippo Books (Toledo, OH, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.65

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: South-Western College Pub. Hardcover. Book Condition: GOOD. Gently used may contain ex-library markings, possibly has some minor highlighting, textual notations, and or underlining. Text is still easily readable.  Bookseller Inventory # 2750073794

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
11.

















            Stock Image
    








Business Communication for Managers: An Advanced Approach

John M. Penrose, Robert W. Rasberry, Robert J. Myers


              Published by
              South-Western College Pub


ISBN 10: 0324200080
ISBN 13: 9780324200089



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Free Shipping Books (Toledo, OH, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.65

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: South-Western College Pub. Hardcover. Book Condition: GOOD. book was well loved but cared for. Possible ex-library copy with all the usual markings and stickers. Some light textual notes, highlighting and underling.  Bookseller Inventory # 2750052373

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
12.

















            Stock Image
    








Business Communication for Managers: An Advanced Approach

John M. Penrose, Robert W. Rasberry, Robert J. Myers


              Published by
              South-Western College Pub


ISBN 10: 0324200080
ISBN 13: 9780324200089



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Discover Books (Baltimore, MD, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.65

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: South-Western College Pub. Hardcover. Book Condition: GOOD. Good clean copy with no missing pages might be an ex library copy; Possibly may have minor marginal notes and or highlighting.  Bookseller Inventory # 2767303369

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
13.

















            Stock Image
    








When The Monarchs Fly

Robert J. Myers


              Published by
              Down The Shore Publishing
(2001)


ISBN 10: 0945582765
ISBN 13: 9780945582762



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Better World Books: West (Reno, NV, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.72

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Down The Shore Publishing, 2001. Book Condition: Very Good. Ships from Reno, NV. Former Library book. Great condition for a used book! Minimal wear.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP91553178

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
14.

















            Stock Image
    








Advanced Business Communication

Penrose, John M., Jr.; Rasberry, Robert W.; Myers, Robert J.


              Published by
              South-Western Pub


ISBN 10: 0324037392
ISBN 13: 9780324037395



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Blue Cloud Books (Phoenix, AZ, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.82

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: South-Western Pub. Hardcover. Book Condition: Good. This book has a light amount of wear to the pages, cover and binding.  Bookseller Inventory # G0324037392I3N00

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
15.

















            Stock Image
    








When the Monarchs Fly

Robert J. Myers


              Published by
              Down The Shore Publishing Corporation


ISBN 10: 0945582765
ISBN 13: 9780945582762



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Second City Books (Aurora, IL, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.89

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Down The Shore Publishing Corporation. Hardcover. Book Condition: Good. Book has some visible wear on the binding, cover, pages.  Bookseller Inventory # G0945582765I3N00

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
16.

















            Stock Image
    








Business Communication for Managers: An Advanced Approach

Penrose, John M.; Rasberry, Robert W.; Myers, Robert J.


              Published by
              South-Western College Pub


ISBN 10: 0324200080
ISBN 13: 9780324200089



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Second City Books (Aurora, IL, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.98

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: South-Western College Pub. Hardcover. Book Condition: Good. Book has some visible wear on the binding, cover, pages.  Bookseller Inventory # G0324200080I3N00

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
17.




















American Christmas: 48 American Poets Celebrate the Beauty of Christmas

SCHOTT, Webster and Robert J. Myers (Editors)


              Published by
              Hallmark Cards



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Yankee Clipper Books (Windsor Locks, CT, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.98

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Hallmark Cards. Hardcover. Book Condition: Fair. Ex-Library Book - will contain Library Markings.  Bookseller Inventory # GB000BZWGD8I5N10

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
18.

















            Stock Image
    








Business Communication for Managers: An Advanced Approach

Penrose, John M.; Rasberry, Robert W.; Myers, Robert J.


              Published by
              South-Western College Pub


ISBN 10: 0324200080
ISBN 13: 9780324200089



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Blue Cloud Books (Phoenix, AZ, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.98

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: South-Western College Pub. Hardcover. Book Condition: Good. This book has a light amount of wear to the pages, cover and binding.  Bookseller Inventory # G0324200080I3N00

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
19.

















            Stock Image
    








Business Communication for Managers: An Advanced Approach

Penrose, John M.; Rasberry, Robert W.; Myers, Robert J.


              Published by
              South-Western College Pub


ISBN 10: 0324200080
ISBN 13: 9780324200089



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Motor City Books (Brownstown, MI, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.98

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: South-Western College Pub. Hardcover. Book Condition: Good. Minimal damage to cover and binding. Pages show light use.  Bookseller Inventory # G0324200080I3N00

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
20.

















            Stock Image
    








Business Communication for Managers: An Advanced Approach

Penrose, John M.; Rasberry, Robert W.; Myers, Robert J.


              Published by
              South-Western College Pub


ISBN 10: 0324200080
ISBN 13: 9780324200089



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Free State Books (Halethorpe, MD, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.98

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: South-Western College Pub. Hardcover. Book Condition: Fair.  Bookseller Inventory # G0324200080I5N00

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
21.

















            Stock Image
    








Business Communication for Managers: An Advanced Approach

Penrose, John M.; Rasberry, Robert W.; Myers, Robert J.


              Published by
              South-Western College Pub


ISBN 10: 0324200080
ISBN 13: 9780324200089



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Atlanta Book Company (Atlanta, GA, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.98

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: South-Western College Pub. Hardcover. Book Condition: Good. Book shows minor use. Cover and Binding have minimal wear and the pages have only minimal creases.  Bookseller Inventory # G0324200080I3N00

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
22.
















            Bookseller Image
    








WHAT EVERYONE SHOULD KNOW ABOUT SOCIAL SECURITY

Myers, Robert J. (ed.)



Used
Mass Market Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: The Book Abyss (St. Paul, MN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 1.00

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.00

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 1992. Mass Market Paperback. Book Condition: Very Good. Cover and spine are good with only mild shelf/rub wear. No dog-eared corners. Solid Binding. All pages intact and legible. Good reading copy. Clean. Store stamped. --- --- All about Social Security published by The Seniors Coalition.  Bookseller Inventory # 10294

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
23.
















            Stock Image
    








The Tragedy of Richard II

Robert J. Myers


              Published by
              Gazelle Book Services Ltd


ISBN 10: 0874913721
ISBN 13: 9780874913729



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Wonder Book (Frederick, MD, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 4.19

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Gazelle Book Services Ltd. Book Condition: Good. . Slightly dampstained.  Bookseller Inventory # T08E-00268

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
24.
















            Stock Image
    








The Tragedy of Richard II

Robert J. Myers


              Published by
              Gazelle Book Services Ltd


ISBN 10: 0874913721
ISBN 13: 9780874913729



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Wonder Book (Frederick, MD, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 4.19

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Gazelle Book Services Ltd. Book Condition: Good. .  Bookseller Inventory # D16I-00010

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
25.

















            Stock Image
    








The Labrador Retriever

Berndt, Robert J., Myers, Richard L., Denlinger, William Watson


              Published by
              Denlingers Pub Ltd
(1983)


ISBN 10: 0877140871
ISBN 13: 9780877140870



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Better World Books (Mishawaka, IN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 4.46

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Denlingers Pub Ltd, 1983. Book Condition: Fair. Former Library book. Shows definite wear, and perhaps considerable marking on inside.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP68783713

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
26.





















Repair of cracks in concrete channel linings (1966) (Volume: no.41-121)

Reginato, R. J. (Robert J.),Myers, Lloyd E,United States. Agricultural Research Service


              Published by
              ReInk Books
(2017)



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: 10

From: S N Books World--WORLDWIDE FREE SHIPPING (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 4.66

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: ReInk Books, 2017. Softcover. Book Condition: NEW. Reprinted from 1966 edition. Volume: no.41-121 Language: eng. NO changes have been made to the original text. This is NOT a retyped or an ocr'd reprint. Illustrations, Index, if any, are included in black and white. Each page is checked manually before printing. As this reprint is from very old book, there could be some missing or flawed pages, but we always try to make the book as complete as possible. Fold-outs, if any, are not part of the book. If the original book was published in multiple volumes then this reprint is of only one volume, not the whole set. This paperback book is SEWN, where the book block is actually sewn (smythe sewn/section sewn) with thread before binding which results in a more durable type of paperback binding. It can also be open wide. The pages will not fall out and will be around for a lot longer than normal paperbacks. This print on demand book is printed on high quality acid-free paper. Original Publisher: [Washington?] : U.S. Dept. of Agriculture 14 pages Volume: no.41-121.  Bookseller Inventory # 457718586

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
27.



















American Christmas: 48 American Poets Celebrate the Beauty of Christmas

SCHOTT, Webster and Robert J. Myers (Editors)


              Published by
              Hallmark Cards



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Wonder Book (Frederick, MD, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 4.69

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Hallmark Cards. Book Condition: Fair. Acceptable condition. Book Good. No dust jacket.  Bookseller Inventory # A06A-00677

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
28.




















American Christmas: 48 American Poets Celebrate the Beauty of Christmas

SCHOTT, Webster and Robert J. Myers (Editors)


              Published by
              Hallmark Cards



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Wonder Book (Frederick, MD, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 4.69

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Hallmark Cards. Book Condition: Very Good. . Good dust jacket.  Bookseller Inventory # S26I-00124

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
29.
















            Stock Image
    








Business Communication for Managers: An Advanced Approach

Penrose, John M.; Rasberry, Robert W.; Myers, Robert J.


              Published by
              South-Western College Pub


ISBN 10: 0324200080
ISBN 13: 9780324200089



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Belltower Books (Sharon Hill, PA, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 1.00

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.75

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: South-Western College Pub. Book Condition: POOR. WATER DAMAGE. Standard shipping arrives within 6-8 business days. This item does not include any CDs, Infotracs, Access cards or other supplementary material.  Bookseller Inventory # 901615783

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
30.



 
 


Results (1 - 30) of 580

1
2
3
4
5


›








Sort By 

Author A-Z
Author Z-A
Bookseller Rating
Highest Price
Lowest Price
Lowest Total Price
Most Recently Listed
Relevance (Beta)
Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Year of Publication Ascending
Year of Publication Descending







Create a Want
Tell us what you're looking for and once a match is found, we'll inform you by e-mail.
Create a Want


BookSleuth
Can't remember the title or the author of a book? Our BookSleuth is specially designed for you.
Visit BookSleuth


Help with Search
Search Tips 
Glossary of Terms 
Set your own Search Preferences





Mobile View:
 Available
Not Available
×




















