

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Mypizza Technologies, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 26, 2017 9:58 PM ET

Company Overview of Mypizza Technologies, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Mypizza Technologies, Inc. operates in technology industry. The company was incorporated in 2015 and is headquartered in New York, New York.


1201 BroadwaySuite 904ANew York, NY 10001United StatesFounded in 2015










Key Executives for Mypizza Technologies, Inc.


Mypizza Technologies, Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      May 12, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      October 25, 2016
			    
--



Private Placement

			      July 29, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Mypizza Technologies, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














MyPizza Technologies Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























mypizza technologies inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
MyPizza Technologies, Inc. provides an online and mobile pizza ordering software. The Company offers a platform that allows users to connect with their favorite authentic and local pizzeria. MyPizza Technologies serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

151 West 26th Street
Suite 1001
New York, NY 10001
United States


Phone:
1-888-974-9928


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.slicelife.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































	MY PIZZA Trademark of MyPizza Technologies, Inc.. Serial Number: 77810767 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
MY PIZZA










 
Get FREE email alerts













MY PIZZA  Trademark Information
 MyPizza Technologies, Inc.
Computerized on-line ordering services in the field of restaurants featuring pizza; On-line ordering services featuring food; On-line ordering services in the field of restaurant take-out and delivery; Online advertising via a computer communications network; Telephone order-taking services for others




Perfect for these industries

Advertising,  Business & Retail Services





Words that describe this mark
computerized   online   ordering   services   field   restaurants   featuring   pizza   online   ordering   services   featuring   food   online   ordering   services   field   restaurant   takeout   delivery   online   advertising   communications   network   telephone   ordertaking    
                                    




This is a brand page for the MY PIZZA trademark by MyPizza Technologies, Inc. 
                                in NEW YORK, NY, 10001.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this MY PIZZA trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner MyPizza Technologies, Inc. of the MY PIZZA trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the MY PIZZA trademark.
                           






On Sunday, August 23, 2009,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        MY PIZZA by 
                        MyPizza Technologies, Inc., NEW YORK, NY  10001.
                        The USPTO has given the MY PIZZA 
                        trademark serial  number of  77810767.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for MY PIZZA is 
                        
                        
                                            My Pizza Technologies, Inc of 
                                            1201 Broadway,  New York NY 10001,  
                                .
                            The MY PIZZA trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for MY PIZZA 
                            is Computerized on-line ordering services in the field of restaurants featuring pizza; On-line ordering services featuring food; On-line ordering services in the field of restaurant take-out and delivery; Online advertising via a computer communications network; Telephone order-taking services for others. 
                            





Word mark:
 MY PIZZA


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

7/27/2010



  Serial Number:  
77810767


  Filing Date:  
8/23/2009


 Registration Number:  
3824039 


 Registration Date:  
7/27/2010


 Goods and Services: 
Computerized on-line ordering services in the field of restaurants featuring pizza; On-line ordering services featuring food; On-line ordering services in the field of restaurant take-out and delivery; Online advertising via a computer communications network; Telephone order-taking services for others


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
5/11/2010


Last Applicant/Owner:

MyPizza Technologies, Inc.NEW YORK, NY  10001
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("PIZZA")


 Correspondent:


My Pizza Technologies, Inc
1201 Broadway
New York NY 10001







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
1/1/2009


First Use In Commerce: 
8/1/2009





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your MY PIZZA trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/27/2010
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



My Pizza Technologies, Inc


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of MY PIZZA trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search mypizza on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for MY PIZZA 




MY PIZZA is providing Computerized on-line ordering services in the field of restaurants featuring pizza; On-line ordering services featuring food; On-line ordering services in the field of restaurant take-out and delivery; Online advertising via a computer communications network; Telephone order-taking services for others.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 

























Slice - Order Pizza Online, Find Pizza Restaurants, Pizza Menu, Pizza Delivery






























Close




Contact Our Support Team

              Name
              


              Email
              


              Message
              



 





 







Close



We provide 24/7 Support

Send us a message.
            Our support team is standing by to handle all your support needs. If your issue is urgent, please give us a call at 888-974-9928.
          

            For questions about the menu or delivery status, it's best to contact the restaurant directly.
          




 





















          About
        

          Restaurant Owners
        

            Text me the App
            



Sign In















text me the pizza app

Enter your mobile phone number and we'll send you a link


Send




Thanks! Look for a message where you can download the Slice app on iOS and Android.
Send Another Text







Terms of Use
Privacy
Copyright Policy
Referral Rules
Referral FAQ
FAQ


MyPizza Technologies, Inc. Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes the policies and procedures of MyPizza Technologies, Inc. (“we”, “our” or “us”) on the collection, use and disclosure of your information on www.slicelife.com (the “Site”) and the services, features, content or applications we offer (collectively with the Site, the “Services”). We receive information about you from various sources, including: (i) if you register for the Site and the Services, through your user account on the Services (your “Account”); (ii) your use of the Services generally; and (iii) from third party websites and services. When you use the Services, you are consenting to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy covers the treatment of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) gathered when you are using or accessing the Services. This Privacy Policy also covers our treatment of any Personal Information that our business partners share with us or that we share with our business partners.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own or control, including but not limited to any third party websites, services and applications (“Third Party Services”) that you elect to access through the Service or to individuals that we do not manage or employ. While we attempt to facilitate access only to those Third Party Services that share our respect for your privacy, we cannot take responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those Third Party Services. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any Third Party Services you access.
What Information Do We Collect?
The information we gather enables us to personalize, improve and continue to operate the Services. In connection with certain aspects of the Services, we may request, collect and/or display some of your Personal Information. We collect the following types of information from our users.
Account Information:
When you create an Account, you will provide information that could be Personal Information, such as your username, address, password, email address, telephone number, and, if you transact business with us, financial information such as your payment method. You acknowledge that this information may be personal to you, and by creating an account on the Services and providing Personal Information to us, you allow others, including us, to identify you and therefore may not be anonymous. We may use your contact information to send you information about our Services, but only rarely when we feel such information is important. You may unsubscribe from these messages through your Account settings, although we, regardless, reserve the right to contact you when we believe it is necessary, such as for account recovery purposes. We also may request information about your interests and activities, your gender, age, date of birth, username, hometown and other demographic information, and other relevant information as determined by Slice from time to time. You are under no obligation to provide Slice with Personal Information of any kind, with the caveat that a user's refusal to do so may prevent the user from using certain Services features.
User Content:
Some features of the Services allow you to provide content to the Services, such as written comments. All content submitted by you to the Services may be retained by us indefinitely, even after you terminate your account. We may continue to disclose such content to third parties in a manner that does not reveal Personal Information, as described in this Privacy Policy.
Financial Information:
We do not currently collect financial information, such as your payment method (valid credit card number, type, expiration date or other financial information); that information is collected and stored by our third party payment processing company (the “Payment Processor”), and use and storage of that information is governed by the Payment Processor’s applicable terms of service and privacy policy.
IP Address Information and Other Information Collected Automatically:

We automatically receive and record information from your web browser when you interact with the Services, including your IP address and cookie information. This information is used for fighting spam/malware and also to facilitate collection of data concerning your interaction with the Services (e.g., what links you have clicked on).
Generally, the Services automatically collect usage information, such as the number and frequency of visitors to the Site. We may use this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, but not in a manner that would identify you personally. This type of aggregate data enables us and third parties authorized by us to figure out how often individuals use parts of the Services so that we can analyze and improve them.
We may collect some device-specific information if you access the Services using a mobile device. Device information may include but is not limited to unique device identifiers, network information, and hardware model, as well as information about how the device interacts with our Services.

Email Communications:
We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us. We use this confirmation to improve our customer service.
Information Collected Using Cookies:

Cookies are pieces of text that may be provided to your computer through your web browser when you access a website. Your browser stores cookies in a manner associated with each website you visit. We use cookies to enable our servers to recognize your web browser and tell us how and when you visit the Site and otherwise use the Services through the Internet.
Our cookies do not, by themselves, contain Personal Information, and we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other Personal Information to tell us who you are. As noted, however, we do use cookies to identify that your web browser has accessed aspects of the Services and may associate that information with your Account if you have one.
Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. We strongly recommend that you leave cookies active, because they enable you to take advantage the most attractive features of the Services.
This Privacy Policy covers our use of cookies only and does not cover the use of cookies by third parties. We do not control when or how third parties place cookies on your computer. For example, third party websites to which a link points may set cookies on your computer.

Information Related to Advertising and the Use of Web Beacons:
To support and enhance the Services, we may serve advertisements, and also allow third parties advertisements, through the Services. These advertisements are sometimes targeted and served to particular users and may come from third party companies called “ad networks.” Ad networks include third party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms.
Advertisements served through the Services may be targeted to users who fit a certain general profile category and may be based on anonymized information inferred from information provided to us by a user, including Personal Information (e.g., gender or age), may be based on the Services usage patterns of particular users, or may be based on your activity on Third Party Services. We do not provide Personal Information to any ad networks for use outside of the Services.
To increase the effectiveness of ad delivery, we may deliver a file (known as a “web beacon”) from an ad network to you through the Services. Web beacons allow ad networks to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for us and for advertisers. Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites. Because your web browser must request these advertisements and web beacons from the ad network’s servers, these companies can view, edit or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site.
Aggregate Information:
We collect statistical information about how both unregistered and registered users, collectively, use the Services (“Aggregate Information”). Some of this information is derived from Personal Information. This statistical information is not Personal Information and cannot be tied back to you, your Account or your web browser.
Information Regarding Your Social Networks:
Occasionally, you can use your Account on our Services to interact with your accounts on other services, such as Facebook or Twitter. In addition to using your third party account credentials to sign in to the Services, you can access posting and sharing tools on the Services, including a “share” button that allows you to post information to your social networks outside of the Services (“Share”). For example, after making a reservation on the Services, you can Share information about that reservation with your Facebook friends or Twitter followers. Please note that these tools may be operated by Third Party Services.
By using these tools, you acknowledge that some Third Party Account Information may be transmitted into your Account with us, and that Third Party Account Information transmitted to our Services is covered by this Privacy Policy. Additionally, when you use one of these sharing tools, the Third Party Service that operates the tool may be collecting information about your browser or online activity through its own tracking technologies and subject to its own privacy policy. Lastly, when you use these tools, some of your information from the Services (such as the reservation information you selected to Share) may be shared with the Third Party Service and others. Therefore, we encourage you to read the privacy policies and other policies of the social networks you use in connection with the Services.
How, and With Whom, Is My Information Shared?
The Services are designed to help you share information with others. As a result, some of the information generated through the Services is shared publicly or with third parties.
Information Shared with Restaurants:
In order to process your order, we must share the following information every time you place an order with a Restaurant: your name, delivery address (if applicable), food order, and credit card information (if applicable). We also share your telephone number so the Restaurant may optionally verify that the order is not fraudulent. We restrict this information flow to only the bare minimum elements required to prepare and fulfill your orders. You should contact restaurants directly to determine the privacy policies that apply to the information that Slice transfers to the restaurants.
Public Information About Your Activity on the Services:
Some of your activity on and through the Services is public by default. This may include, but is not limited to, content you have posted publicly on the Site or otherwise through the Services, including posts of information and reviews about Restaurants. In addition, such postings may appear on other websites or when searches are executed on the subject of your posting.
Registered users may have some of this information associated with their Accounts. Unregistered users will not have this association, but information concerning their use of the Services (such as what pages they have visited) may be tracked anonymously through the use of cookies and stored by us.
Please also remember that if you choose to provide Personal Information using certain public features of the Services, then that information is governed by the privacy settings of those particular features and may be publicly available. Individuals reading such information may use or disclose it to other individuals or entities without our control and without your knowledge, and search engines may index that information. We therefore urge you to think carefully about including any specific information you may deem private in content that you create or information that you submit through the Services.
IP Address Information:
While we collect and store IP address information, that information is not made public. We do at times, however, share this information with our partners, service providers and other persons with whom we conduct business, and as otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy.
Information You Elect to Share:
You may access other Third Party Services through the Services, for example by clicking on links to those Third Party Services from within the Site. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these Third Party Services, and you are responsible for reading and understanding those Third Party Services’ privacy policies. This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on the Services.
Aggregate Information:
We share Aggregate Information with our partners, service providers and other persons with whom we conduct business. We share this type of statistical data so that our partners can understand how and how often people use our Services and their services or websites, which facilitates improving both their services and how our Services interface with them. In addition, these third parties may share with us non-private, aggregated or otherwise non Personal Information about you that they have independently developed or acquired.
Email and Telephone Communications with Us:
As part of the Services, you may occasionally receive email and other communications from us, such as communications relating to your Account. Communications relating to your Account will only be sent for purposes important to the Services, such as password recovery.
We may occasionally use your name and email address to send you notifications regarding new services offered by the Services that we think you may find valuable. In addition, we may present offers to you on behalf of third party partners. If you accept an offer, we will share your name, address and credit card information with this third party.
Our customer service representatives may use your telephone number and E-mail address to notify you of the status of your order as necessary and appropriate. Slice reserves the right to use the information collected to send special offers on behalf of third party partners or vendors (including Restaurants) participating in our service. However, we do not share your information with the Restaurant other than the information necessary to conduct business as stated above.
Slice does not purchase bulk E-mail addresses nor do we use the services of bulk E-mail companies for promoting our service. This means we will not distribute, sell or rent your e-mail address to any third party.
User Profile Information:
User profile information including your username and other information you enter may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the Services. We will not directly reveal user email addresses to other users.
Financial Information:
As stated above, we do not currently collect financial information, as that information is collected and stored by our Payment Processor. However, we may from time to time request and receive some of your financial information from our Payment Processor for the purposes of completing transactions you have initiated through the Services, enrolling you in discount, rebate, and other programs in which you elect to participate, protecting against or identifying possible fraudulent transactions, and otherwise as needed to manage our business.
Information Shared with Our Agents:
We employ and contract with people and other entities that perform certain tasks on our behalf and who are under our control (our “Agents”). We may need to share Personal Information with our Agents in order to provide products or services to you. These services may include fulfilling orders, providing customer service and marketing assistance, performing business and sales analysis, supporting our website functionality, and supporting contests, sweepstakes, surveys and other features offered through the Services. Unless we tell you differently, our Agents do not have any right to use Personal Information or other information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. You hereby consent to our sharing of Personal Information with our Agents.
Information Disclosed Pursuant to Business Transfers:
In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the transferred business assets. Moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy.
Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others:
We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect our rights, property or safety, our users and the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and spam/malware prevention.
Direct Mail Partners:
From time to time we may share our postal mailing list with selected providers of goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you prefer not to receive mailings from these providers, you may opt-out at the time you register for our Site, or at any time thereafter by going to your account settings or contacting us using the contact information below.
Marketing Communications:
Unless you opt-out from receiving Slice marketing materials upon registration, Slice will email you about products and services that Slice believes may be of interest to you. Slice may also will provide your email information to third parties, so that those third parties may directly contact you about additional products and services. If you wish to opt-out of receiving marketing materials from Slice or having your email information provided to third parties at any time after registration, you may do so by going to your account settings or contacting us using the contact information below. Even after opting-out, you may continue to receive marketing emails from third parties to whom Slice already has provided your email information prior to opting out. You are responsible for directly contacting such third parties to request cessation of further marketing emails.
Information We Share With Your Consent:
Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your Personal Information may be shared with third parties, and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information.
Is Information About Me Secure?
Your Account information will be protected by a password for your privacy and security. You need to prevent unauthorized access to your Account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your Account.
We seek to protect Account information to ensure that it is kept private; however, we cannot guarantee the security of any Account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.
We otherwise store all of our information, including your IP address information, using industry-standard techniques, such as 128 bit SSL encryption. We do not guarantee or warrant that such techniques will prevent unauthorized access to information about you that we store, Personal Information or otherwise.
What Information of Mine Can I Access?
If you are a registered user, you can access information associated with your Account by logging into the Services. Registered and unregistered users can access and delete cookies through their web browser settings.
California Privacy Rights: Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal customer information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: [1201 Broadway New York, NY 10001].
How Can I Delete My Account?
Should you ever decide to delete your Account, you may do so by emailing [support@slicelife.com]. If you terminate your Account, any association between your Account and information we store will no longer be accessible through your Account. However, given the nature of sharing on the Services, any public activity on your Account prior to deletion will remain stored on our servers and will remain accessible to the public.
What Choices Do I Have Regarding My Information?

You can use many of the features of the Services without registering, thereby limiting the type of information that we collect.
You can always opt not to disclose certain information to us, even though it may be needed to take advantage of some of our features.
You can delete your Account. Please note that we will need to verify that you have the authority to delete the Account, and activity generated prior to deletion will remain stored by us and may be publicly accessible.

What Happens When There Are Changes to this Privacy Policy?
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we collect or use information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Services or sending you an email. A user is bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when he or she uses the Services after such changes have been first posted.
What If I Have Questions or Concerns?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy using the Services, please send us a detailed message to legal@slicelife.com. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
Effective Date: October 13, 2016









About Us


Account


24/7 Support


FAQ


Careers




Slice on Social










Get the App





 




Restaurant Owners
List your menu on Slice and start making more dough.


Learn More



















Slice - Order Pizza Online, Find Pizza Restaurants, Pizza Menu, Pizza Delivery






























Close




Contact Our Support Team

              Name
              


              Email
              


              Message
              



 





 







Close



We provide 24/7 Support

Send us a message.
            Our support team is standing by to handle all your support needs. If your issue is urgent, please give us a call at 888-974-9928.
          

            For questions about the menu or delivery status, it's best to contact the restaurant directly.
          




 





















          About
        

          Restaurant Owners
        

            Text me the App
            



Sign In















text me the pizza app

Enter your mobile phone number and we'll send you a link


Send




Thanks! Look for a message where you can download the Slice app on iOS and Android.
Send Another Text







Terms of Use
Privacy
Copyright Policy
Referral Rules
Referral FAQ
FAQ


MyPizza Technologies, Inc. Terms of Service
Please read these Terms of Service (collectively with Slice’s Privacy Policy (https://slicelife.com/pages/privacy) and DMCA Copyright Policy (https://slicelife.com/pages/copyright-policy), the “Terms of Service”) fully and carefully before using www.SliceLife.com (the “Site”) and the services, features, content or applications offered by MyPizza Technologies, Inc. (“MyPizza”, “Slice”, “we”, “us” or “our”) (together with the Site, the “Services”). The term "you" or "You" shall refer to any person or entity who views, uses, accesses, browses or submits any content or material to the Site.  These Terms of Service set forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site and the Services.
Acceptance of Terms of Service.

By registering for and/or using the Services in any manner, including but not limited to visiting or browsing the Site, you agree to these Terms of Service and all other operating rules, policies and procedures that may be published from time to time on the Site by us, each of which is incorporated by reference and each of which may be updated from time to time without notice to you.
Certain of the Services may be subject to additional terms and conditions specified by us from time to time; your use of such Services is subject to those additional terms and conditions, which are incorporated into these Terms of Service by this reference.
These Terms of Service apply to all users of the Services, including, without limitation, users who are contributors of content, information, and other materials or services, registered or otherwise.
ARBITRATION NOTICE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER: EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES DESCRIBED IN THE ARBITRATION SECTION BELOW, YOU AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION.

The Site and the Slice Services

The Site and Services are a third-party marketplace for you to view, discuss, and place orders for food and beverages, and pick-up and/or delivery services in connection therewith, with participating restaurants (the “Restaurants”).  MyPizza is a means of order placement services only.  MyPizza does not sell and is not a merchant of food or beverages, or any pickup or delivery services in connection therewith, and does not sell or control the Restaurants or the production of any food or beverages, or any pick-up or delivery services therewith, produced at or provided by the Restaurants.
The Restaurants have entered into agreements with MyPizza that require them to comply with federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations, and standards pertaining to food preparation, sale, marketing and safety.  MyPizza, including the Site and the Services, does not in any way independently verify the credentials or representations of any of the Restaurants, the ingredients or the quality of any their products or services, or any Restaurant’s compliance with applicable laws.
You are responsible for reviewing the information provided by the Restaurants on the Site and contacting the Restaurants directly for any questions on the reliability and quality of the Restaurants and the Restaurants’ compliance with applicable laws.  MyPizza, including the Site and the Services, does not in any way guaranty the quality of any Restaurant or any food or beverage, or any pickup-up or delivery service in connection therewith, or any compliance thereof with applicable laws.
In addition, a Restaurant may represent certain standards with respect to their food preparation (or other services) such as “organic,” “kosher,” “macrobiotic” or allergen-specific standards such as “nut-free,” “gluten-free,” or “lactose-free”; MyPizza does not investigate or verify any such representations. Please instruct the Restaurant of food allergy concerns in the special comment boxes or in the final comment box before sending your order. Although this information is transmitted to the Restaurant exactly as it appears on the Services, MyPizza CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT YOUR ORDER WILL BE PREPARED AS REQUESTED. If you have food-related allergies and you are concerned about the preparation of the order, we suggest you contact the Restaurant directly after submitting your order. MyPizza shall not be liable or responsible for any food or beverages, or any other services, offered by the Restaurants or any errors or misrepresentations made by them (including on the Site and through the Services).
        We do take your satisfaction very seriously and, in addition to contacting the applicable Restaurant directly, we ask that you notify MyPizza of all complaints or concerns that you might have regarding the Restaurants.
    
Eligibility.
    You represent and warrant that you are at least 13 years of age. If you are under age 13, you may not, under any circumstances or for any reason, use the Services. We may, in our sole discretion, refuse to offer the Services to any person or entity and change its eligibility criteria at any time. You are solely responsible for ensuring that these Terms of Service are in compliance with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to you and the right to access the Services is revoked where these Terms of Service or use of the Services is prohibited or to the extent offering, sale or provision of the Services conflicts with any applicable law, rule or regulation. Further, the Services are offered only for your use, and not for the use or benefit of any third party.

    Registration.
    Use of Services may require that you register and/or create an account ("Account") or use the Services as a guest. To register and create an Account, you must select an account designation and password and provide certain personal information. You must provide accurate and complete information and keep your Account information updated. You shall not: (i) select or use as a username a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; (ii) use as a username a name subject to any rights of a person other than you without appropriate authorization; or (iii) use, as a username, a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or MyPizza has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, MyPizza has the right to refuse any and all current or future use of the Services. You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your Account, and for keeping your Account password secure. You may never use another person’s user account or registration information for the Services without permission. You must notify us immediately of any change in your eligibility to use the Services (including any changes to or revocation of any licenses from state authorities), breach of security or unauthorized use of your Account. You should never publish, distribute or post login information for your Account. You agree to ensure that you exit from your Account at the end of each session.  You shall have the ability to delete your Account, either directly or through a request made to one of our employees or affiliates.  MyPizza will not be liable for any injury, loss or damage of any kind arising from or relating to your failure to comply with the foregoing or for any acts or omissions by you or someone else using your Account and/or password.

    Content.

Definition. For purposes of these Terms of Service, the term “Content” includes, without limitation, information, data, text, photographs, videos, audio clips, written posts and comments, software, scripts, graphics, and interactive features generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible on or through the Services. For the purposes of this Agreement, “Content” also includes all User Content (as defined below).
User Content. All Content added, created, uploaded, submitted, distributed, or posted to the Services by users (collectively “User Content”), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such User Content. You represent that all User Content provided by you is accurate, complete, up-to-date, and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. You acknowledge that all Content, including User Content, accessed by you using the Services is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to you or any other party resulting therefrom.   We do not guarantee that any Content you access on or through the Services is or will continue to be accurate.
Notices and Restrictions. This Site, in its entirety, is the sole property of MyPizza or its content suppliers and the Services may contain Content provided by us, our partners or our users that is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights and laws. You shall abide by and maintain all copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Services.
Use License. Subject to these Terms of Service, we grant each user of the Services a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license to use (i.e., to download and display locally) Content solely for purposes of using the Services. Use, reproduction, modification, distribution or storage of any Content for other than purposes of using the Services is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from us. You shall not sell, license, rent, or otherwise use or exploit any Content for commercial use or in any way that violates any third party right.
License Grant. By submitting User Content through the Services, you hereby do and shall grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid, sublicensable and transferable license to use, edit, modify, truncate, aggregate, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, perform, and otherwise fully exploit the User Content in connection with the Site, the Services and our (and our successors’ and assigns’) businesses, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Site or the Services (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels (including, without limitation, third party websites and feeds), and including after your termination of your Account or the Services. You also hereby do and shall grant each user of the Site and/or the Services a non-exclusive, perpetual license to access your User Content through the Site and/or the Services, and to use, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User Content, including after your termination of your Account or the Services.  For clarity, the foregoing license grants to us and our users does not affect your other ownership or license rights in your User Content, including the right to grant additional licenses to your User Content, unless otherwise agreed in writing. You represent and warrant that you have all rights to grant such licenses to us without infringement or violation of any third party rights, including without limitation, any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademarks, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights.
Availability of Content. We do not guarantee that any Content will be made available on the Site or through the Services. We reserve the right to, but do not have any obligation to, (i) remove, edit or modify any Content in our sole discretion, at any time, without notice to you and for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content or if we are concerned that you may have violated these Terms of Service), or for no reason at all and (ii) to remove or block any Content from the Services.

Rules of Conduct.

As a condition of use, you promise not to use the Services for any purpose that is prohibited by these Terms of Service. You are responsible for all of your activity in connection with the Services.

        You shall not (and shall not permit any third party to) either (a) take any action or (b) upload, download, post, submit or otherwise distribute or facilitate distribution of any Content on or through the Service, including without limitation any User Content, that:
        
infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity or other right of any other person or entity or violates any law or contractual duty (see our DMCA Copyright Policy (https://slicelife.com/pages/copyright-policy));
you know is false, misleading, untruthful or inaccurate;
is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another's privacy, tortious, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, offensive, profane, contains or depicts nudity, contains or depicts sexual activity, or is otherwise inappropriate as determined by us in our sole discretion;
constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk e-mail (“spamming”);
contains software viruses or any other computer codes, files, or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, damage, limit or interfere with the proper function of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any system, data, password or other information of ours or of any third party;
impersonates any person or entity, including any of our employees or representatives; or
includes anyone’s identification documents or sensitive financial information.


You shall not: (i) take any action that imposes or may impose (as determined by us in our sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our (or our third party providers’) infrastructure; (ii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services or any activities conducted on the Services; (iii) bypass, circumvent or attempt to bypass or circumvent any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services (or other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Services); (iv) run any form of auto-responder or “spam” on the Services; (v) use manual or automated software, devices, or other processes to “crawl” or “spider” any page of the Site; (vi) harvest or scrape any Content from the Services; or (vii) otherwise take any action in violation of our guidelines and policies.
You shall not (directly or indirectly): (i) decipher, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to derive any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any part of the Services (including without limitation any application), except to the limited extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such restriction, (ii) modify, translate, or otherwise create derivative works of any part of the Services, or (iii) copy, rent, lease, distribute, or otherwise transfer any of the rights that you receive hereunder. You shall abide by all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations.
      We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce these Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users and the public.

Third Party Services.
The Services may permit you to link to other websites, services or resources on the Internet, and other websites, services or resources may contain links to the Services. When you access third party resources on the Internet, you do so at your own risk. These other resources are not under our control, and you acknowledge that we are not responsible or liable for the content, functions, accuracy, legality, appropriateness or any other aspect of such websites or resources. The inclusion of any such link does not imply our endorsement or any association between us and their operators. You further acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such website or resource.  The MyPizza site may not be linked to any other site without prior consent of MyPizza.
Apple, Inc. Device and Service Terms.
If you are accessing the Services on a device provided by Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) or otherwise obtained access to the Services through the Apple App Store, the following terms shall apply:

Both you and we acknowledge that these Terms of Service are concluded between you and us only, and not with Apple, and that Apple is not responsible for, does not endorse, and is not involved in the Services or Content;
The Services are licensed to you on a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferrable, non-sublicensable basis, solely to be used in connection with the Services for your private, personal, non-commercial use, subject to all the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service as applicable;
You will only use the Services in connection with an Apple device that you own or control;
You acknowledge and agree that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Services;
In the event of any failure of the Services to conform to any applicable warranty, including those implied by law, you may notify Apple of such failure; upon notification, Apple’s sole warranty obligation to you will be to refund to you the purchase price, if any, of the Services;
You acknowledge and agree that we, and not Apple, are responsible for addressing any claims you or any third party may have in relation to our Services;
You acknowledge and agree that, in the event of any third party claim that the Services or your possession and use of the Services infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, we, and not Apple, will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such infringement claim;
You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and that you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties;
Both you and we acknowledge and agree that, in your use of the Services, you will comply with any applicable third party terms of agreement which may affect or be affected by such use; and
Both you and we acknowledge and agree that Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these Terms of Service, and that upon your acceptance of these Terms of Service, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms of Service against you as the third party beneficiary hereof.

Payments and Billing.

Paid Services. Certain of our Services may be subject to payments now or in the future, including when you place delivery orders for food and beverages (the “Paid Services”).   Please note that any payment terms presented to you in the process of using or signing up for a Paid Service are deemed part of this Agreement.  The final charges for your order may be different than those stated on the Services. MyPizza does not assume any responsibility or liability for prices quoted on MyPizza Restaurant web page(s), or the actions, products, and content of any third parties related to the creation or delivery of your order. You agree to pay all fees and charges incurred in connection with the Paid Services (including any applicable taxes) at the rates in effect when the charges were incurred. We may require additional verification or information before accepting any order.
Billing. When you chose to use a credit card for your payment, we use a third-party payment processor (the “Payment Processor”) to bill you through a payment account linked to your Account on the Services (your “Billing Account”) for use of the Paid Services. The processing of payments will be subject to the terms, conditions and privacy policies of the Payment Processor in addition to this Agreement. We are not responsible for error by the Payment Processor. By choosing to use Paid Services, you agree to pay us, through the Payment Processor, all charges at the prices then in effect for any use of such Paid Services in accordance with the applicable payment terms and you authorize us, through the Payment Processor, to charge your chosen payment provider (your “Payment Method”). You agree to make payment using that selected Payment Method. We reserve the right to correct any errors or mistakes that it makes even if it has already requested or received payment.
Payment Method. The terms of your payment will be based on your Payment Method and may be determined by agreements between you and the financial institution, credit card issuer or other provider of your chosen Payment Method. If we, through the Payment Processor, do not receive payment from you, you agree to pay all amounts due on your Billing Account upon demand.  If you select to use cash as a method payment, you agree to provide the Restaurant payment in the form of U.S. Dollars upon receipt of your order.
Current Information Required. If you select to use a credit card as your payment method, prior to the purchase of any Services, you must provide the third party payment processor with a valid credit card number and associated payment information including all of the following: (i) your name as it appears on the card; (ii) your credit card number; (iii) the credit card type; (iv) the date of expiration; and (v) any activation numbers or codes needed to charge your card.  YOU MUST PROVIDE CURRENT, COMPLETE AND ACCURATE INFORMATION FOR YOUR BILLING ACCOUNT. YOU MUST PROMPTLY UPDATE ALL INFORMATION TO KEEP YOUR BILLING ACCOUNT CURRENT, COMPLETE AND ACCURATE (SUCH AS A CHANGE IN BILLING ADDRESS, CREDIT CARD NUMBER, OR CREDIT CARD EXPIRATION DATE), AND YOU MUST PROMPTLY NOTIFY US OR OUR PAYMENT PROCESSOR IF YOUR PAYMENT METHOD IS CANCELED (E.G., FOR LOSS OR THEFT) OR IF YOU BECOME AWARE OF A POTENTIAL BREACH OF SECURITY, SUCH AS THE UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OR USE OF YOUR USER NAME OR PASSWORD. CHANGES TO SUCH INFORMATION CAN BE MADE AT WWW.SLICELIFE.COM.  IF YOU FAIL TO PROVIDE ANY OF THE FOREGOING INFORMATION, YOU AGREE THAT WE MAY CONTINUE CHARGING YOU FOR ANY USE OF PAID SERVICES UNDER YOUR BILLING ACCOUNT UNLESS YOU HAVE TERMINATED YOUR PAID SERVICES AS SET FORTH ABOVE. If Restaurant does not receive payment from your credit card issuer or its agent, you agree to pay all amounts due upon demand by MyPizza or its agents. The final charges on your credit card may be different than those stated on the Services. By using MyPizza you acknowledge that your credit card information (as stated above) will be transmitted to the Restaurant via facsimile or another electronic transmission to process your order.
Change in Amount Authorized. If the amount to be charged to your Billing Account varies from the amount you preauthorized (other than due to the imposition or change in the amount of state sales taxes), you have the right to receive, and we shall provide, notice of the amount to be charged and the date of the charge before the scheduled date of the transaction. Any agreement you have with your payment provider will govern your use of your Payment Method. You agree that we may accumulate charges incurred and submit them as one or more aggregate charges during or at the end of each billing cycle.
Free Trials.  Any free trial or other promotion that provides access to a Paid Service must be used within the specified time of the trial. You must stop using a Paid Service before the end of the trial period in order to avoid being charged for that Paid Service. If you cancel prior to the end of the trial period and are inadvertently charged for a Paid Service, please contact us at support@slicelife.com.
Promotions and Gift Cards. Slice may, in its sole discretion, offer promotional codes or other gift cards from time to time (“Slice Promos”) that may be redeemed for discounts on future orders through the Services. The following terms shall apply to Slice Promos: (i) Slice Promos must be used in a lawful manner; (ii) Slice Promos may not be duplicated, sold or transferred in any manner, or made available to the general public (whether posted to a public forum or otherwise), unless expressly permitted by Slice, except that Users may post their unique referral link to their own personal social media pages; (iii) Slice Promos may be disabled by Slice at any time for any reason without liability to Slice; (iv) Slice Promos may only be used pursuant to the specific terms that Slice establishes for such Slice Promos; (v) Slice Promos are not redeemable for cash; (vi) Slice Promos cannot be combined with cash; (vii) Slice Promos are redeemable only with online payments; (viii) lost, stolen or damaged Slice Promos may be replaced only with valid proof of purchase and to the extent the remaining Slice Promo balance appears in Slice records; (ix) Slice Promos are not a credit or debit card; (x) there are no expiration dates and no fees for purchased Slice Promos; (xi) expiration dates or other terms may apply to Slice Promos not purchased directly by a consumer; (xii) Slice is not responsible for any lost or stolen Slice Promos or use without your permission; and (xiii) there are no implied warranties for Slice Promos.  Invalid or unidentifiable Slice Promos will not be redeemed.  To check the available balance on a Slice Promo, call 888-974-9928 or visit your Account profile.  Slice reserves the right to correct the Slice Promo balance if we believe that a clerical, billing or accounting error has occurred. You also agree that we may deactivate, cancel or suspend any Slice Promos if we suspect fraud, unlawful activity or improper Slice Promo use. Slice Promos terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.  You also understand that Slice Promos must be used within the time period specified if not purchased Slice Promos, and therefore Slice Promos may expire prior to your use.

        Referral Program.
        
Referral Credits.  If you have an Account, you may be eligible to receive a referral credit ("Referral Credit") for referring other users (each, a "Referral") to the Services. All Referral Credits are subject to any additional terms set forth (here).  You can only be eligible for a Referral Credit if such Referral (a) did not previously have an Account, and (b) uses your unique identification referral link to sign up for an Account, and therefore identifies you as the sole referral source  (making such Referral, a "Qualified Referral"). You shall receive a Referral Credit for any Qualified Referral in the amount specified (here), if the Qualified Referral places an order through the Services within two (2) weeks of receiving an invitation from referrer to sign up for an Account. You will receive the Referral Credit in your Account on the date the Qualified Referral places their first order through the Services (the "Credit Issue Date"). Your Referral Credit will be automatically applied to pay any charges to your Account incurred after the Credit Issue Date. If you do not use the Referral Credit within the twelve (12) month period following the Credit Issue Date, the Referral Credit will expire. Referral Credits will also automatically expire if your Account is terminated for any reason. Referral Credits may only be applied to minimum orders on the Services as set forth by individual Restaurants and are otherwise subject to any individual Restaurant requirements.  Referral Credit is (i) non-transferrable between user Accounts; (ii) is not redeemable as cash; (iii) may not be used to pay any past due balance; and (iv) cannot be combined with Slice Promos or other promotional codes.  You must pay in full your past due balance and return your account to good standing in order to redeem your Referral Credits. Slice reserves the right to change any aspect of the referral program at any time, including, without limitation, the redemption value of any Referral Credits that have not already been issued. We reserve the right to suspend your right to receive Referral Credits or to not issue you a Referral Credit if you have violated any of these Terms.
Qualified Referral Discounts.  A Qualified Referral may also receive a discount towards their first order (“Qualified Referral Discount”).  The Qualified Referral Discount must be used by Qualified Referral when placing their first order from their Account and on no other order. Qualified Referral Discounts are valid for one-time use.  If Qualified Referral does not use the Qualified Referral Discount within two (2) weeks of receipt of a referral invitation to set up an Account on the Services, the Qualified Referral Discount will expire.   Qualified Referral Discounts will also automatically expire if your Account is terminated for any reason. Qualified Referral Discounts may only be applied to minimum orders on the Services as set forth by individual Restaurants and are otherwise subject to any individual Restaurant requirements.  Qualified Referral Discounts are (i) non-transferrable between user Accounts; (ii) are not redeemable as cash; (iii) may not be used to pay any past due balance; and (iv) cannot be combined with Slice Promos or other promotional codes.  Slice reserves the right to change any aspect of the referral program at any time, including, without limitation, the redemption value of any Qualified Referral Discounts that have not already been issued. We reserve the right to suspend your right to receive Qualified Referral Discounts or to not issue you Qualified Referral Discounts if you have violated any of these Terms.


Return Policy. If any food or delivery issues arise after you submit your order, please contact the Restaurant directly for the fastest service. All purchases are final unless an issue arises which is confirmed with a MyPizza Restaurant, or otherwise determined by MyPizza, at its sole discretion. If you require further assistance please contact us within 24 hours of the order date. No cash refunds will be issued by MyPizza.

Termination.

      We may terminate your access to all or any part of the Services at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your membership. If you wish to terminate your Account, you may do so by following the instructions on the Site or through the Services. Any fees paid hereunder are non-refundable. All provisions of these Terms of Service which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, licenses of User Content, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Warranty Disclaimer.


          We have no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you. You acknowledge that We have no duty to take any action regarding:
          
which users gain access to the Services;
what Content you access via the Services; or
how you may interpret or use the Content.


You release us from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services. We make no representations concerning any Content contained in or accessed through the Services, and we will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, or legality of material or Content contained in or accessed through the Services.
THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”, “AS AVAILABLE” AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY ANY COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. WE, AND OUR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, PARTNERS AND CONTENT PROVIDERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT: (I) THE SERVICES WILL BE SECURE OR AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION; (II) ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED; (III) ANY CONTENT OR SOFTWARE AVAILABLE AT OR THROUGH THE SERVICES IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS; OR (IV) THE RESULTS OF USING THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. MYPIZZA.COM RESERVES THE RIGHT TO LIMIT PURCHASE AND PURCHASE QUANTITY. IN THE EVENT OF ANY SITE ERROR, CUSTOMERS WILL BE LIMITED TO A SINGLE UNIT PURCHASE. PRICING ON THIS SITE MAY BE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT EXPRESS WRITTEN NOTICE.
MyPizza further disclaims any and all liability for the acts, omissions, conduct of any third-party users, MyPizza users, advertisers, and/or sponsors related to the Services.  MyPizza is not responsible for the products, services, actions, or failure to act of any third party in the connection with the Services. Without limiting the foregoing, you may contact us regarding the misconduct of users and/or third-party advertisers, service, and/or product providers referenced on, or included in the Services, to MyPizza. MyPizza may investigate the claim and take appropriate action, at its sole discretion.
Please instruct the Restaurant of food allergy concerns in the special comment boxes or in the final comment box before sending your order. Although this information is transmitted to the Restaurant exactly as it appears on the Services, MyPizza CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT YOUR ORDER WILL BE PREPARED AS REQUESTED. If you have food-related allergies and you are concerned about the preparation of the order, we suggest you contact the Restaurant directly after submitting your order.

Indemnification.
You shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless us, our affiliates and each of our and their respective employees, contractors, directors, suppliers and representatives from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, that arise from or relate to your use or misuse of, or access to, the Services, Content, or otherwise from your User Content, violation of these Terms of Service, or infringement by you, or any third party using your Account or identity in the Services, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity, including your use of the Services to provide a link to another website or to upload content or other information to the Services. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will assist and cooperate with us in asserting any available defenses.
Limitation of Liability.
IN NO EVENT SHALL WE, NOR OUR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES (I) FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, DATA LOSS, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, COMPENSATORY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER (HOWEVER ARISING), (II) FOR ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE (REGARDLESS OF THE SOURCE OF ORIGINATION), OR (III) FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF (IN THE AGGREGATE) OF the greater of (A) fees paid to us for the particular Services during the immediately previous three (3) month period or (B) $500.00.
ARBITRATION CLAUSE & CLASS ACTION WAIVER – IMPORTANT – PLEASE REVIEW AS THIS AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS

Arbitration. YOU AGREE THAT ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US OR OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS OR EMPLOYEES IN THEIR CAPACITY AS SUCH (WHETHER OR NOT SUCH DISPUTE INVOLVES A THIRD PARTY) WITH REGARD TO YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH US, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DISPUTES RELATED TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, AND/OR RIGHTS OF PRIVACY AND/OR PUBLICITY, WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE STREAMLINED ARBITRATION RULES AND PROCEDURES OF JAMS, INC. THEN IN EFFECT, AND YOU AND WE HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT TO THE EXTENT THAT YOU HAVE IN ANY MANNER VIOLATED OR THREATENED TO VIOLATE OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, WE MAY SEEK INJUNCTIVE OR OTHER APPROPRIATE RELIEF IN ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK. DISCOVERY AND RIGHTS TO APPEAL IN ARBITRATION ARE GENERALLY MORE LIMITED THAN IN A LAWSUIT, AND OTHER RIGHTS THAT YOU AND WE WOULD HAVE IN COURT MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION. AS AN ALTERNATIVE, YOU MAY BRING YOUR CLAIM IN YOUR LOCAL “SMALL CLAIMS” COURT, IF PERMITTED BY THAT SMALL CLAIMS COURT'S RULES AND IF WITHIN SUCH COURT’S JURISDICTION, UNLESS SUCH ACTION IS TRANSFERRED, REMOVED OR APPEALED TO A DIFFERENT COURT. YOU MAY BRING CLAIMS ONLY ON YOUR OWN BEHALF.  NEITHER YOU NOR WE WILL PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION FOR ANY CLAIMS COVERED BY THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE. YOU ARE GIVING UP YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AS A CLASS REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS MEMBER ON ANY CLASS CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST US INCLUDING ANY RIGHT TO CLASS ARBITRATION OR ANY CONSOLIDATION OF INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATIONS. You also agree not to participate in claims brought in a private attorney general or representative capacity, or consolidated claims involving another person's account, if we are a party to the proceeding. This dispute resolution provision will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act and not by any state law concerning arbitration. In the event JAMS, Inc. is unwilling or unable to set a hearing date within one hundred and sixty (160) days of filing the case, then either we or you can elect to have the arbitration administered instead by the American Arbitration Association. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having competent jurisdiction. The arbitration shall be conducted in the English language.  Any provision of applicable law notwithstanding, the arbitrator will not have authority to award damages, remedies or awards that conflict with these Terms of Service.  You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of, related to or connected with the use of the Services or these Terms of Services must be filed within one (1) year after such claim of action arose or be forever banned.
30-Day Opt-Out Period. If you do not wish to be bound by the arbitration and class-action waiver provisions in this Section 14, you must notify us in writing within 30 days of the date that you first accept these Terms (unless a longer period is required by applicable law). Your written notification must be mailed to us at the following address: 151 W. 26th St., Suite 1001, New York, NY 10001.  If you do not notify us in accordance with this Section 14(b), you agree to be bound by the arbitration and class-action waiver provisions of these Terms, including such provisions in any Terms revised after the date of your first acceptance. Such notification must include: (i) your name; (ii) your mailing address and (iv) a statement that you do not wish to resolve disputes with us through arbitration.  If we make any changes to the Arbitration and Class Action Waiver section of these Terms (other than a change to the address at which we will receive notices of dispute, opt-out notices, or rejections of future changes to the Arbitration and Clause Action Waiver section), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to the address set forth in this Section 14(b). It is not necessary to send us a rejection of a future change to the Arbitration and Class Action Waiver section of these Terms if you had properly opted out of the arbitration and class-action waiver provisions in this Section 14 within the first 30 days after you first accepted these Terms. If you have not properly opted out of the arbitration and class-action waiver provisions in this Section 14, by rejecting a future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this arbitration provision, as modified by any changes you did not reject.  This notification affects these Terms only; if you previously entered into other arbitration agreements with us or enter into other such agreements in the future, your notification that you are opting out of the arbitration provision in these Terms shall not affect the other arbitration agreements between you and us.
Severability. If the prohibition against class actions and other claims brought on behalf of third parties contained above is found to be unenforceable, then all of the preceding language in this Arbitration section will be null and void. This arbitration agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with us.

Disputes with Restaurants.
If there is a dispute between users of the Services, or between users and any third party (including any Restaurant), you understand and agree that MyPizza is under no obligation to become involved. In the event that you have any such dispute between users and any third party (including any Restaurant), you hereby release MyPizza (including the Site and the Services), its directors, officers, employees, service providers, affiliates, agents and successors from all claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction.
These Terms of Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, including its conflicts of law rules, and the United States of America. You agree that any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of these Terms of Service shall be governed by the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and Federal courts of Richmond County, New York.
Modification.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify or replace any of these Terms of Service, or change, suspend, or discontinue the Services (including without limitation, the availability of any feature, database, or content) at any time by posting a notice on the Site or by sending you notice through the Services, via e-mail or by another appropriate means of electronic communication. We may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability. While we will timely provide notice of modifications, it is also your responsibility to check these Terms of Service periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Services following notification of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes, which will apply to your continued use of the Services going forward.  Your use of the Services is subject to the Terms of Service in effect at the time of such use.
Feedback.
We welcome and encourage you to provide feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the Services (“Feedback”). You may submit Feedback by emailing us at support@slicelife.com. You acknowledge and agree that all Feedback will be the sole and exclusive property of us and you hereby irrevocably assign to us and agree to irrevocably assign to us all of your right, title, and interest in and to all Feedback, including without limitation all worldwide patent, copyright, trade secret, moral and other proprietary or intellectual property rights therein. At our request and expense, you will execute documents and take such further acts as we may reasonably request to assist us to acquire, perfect, and maintain its intellectual property rights and other legal protections for the Feedback.
Email.
By registering or placing an order with us, you are consenting to receive E-mails from us or the Restaurant regarding your order. Additionally, by registering or placing an order with us, you are consenting to receive commercial E-mail from us. If you do not wish to receive commercial E-mail from us, you may remove your name from the E-mail list by contacting us.
SMS.
By registering or placing an order with us, you are consenting to receive SMS messages from us or on behalf of the Restaurant regarding your order. Additionally, by registering or placing an order with us, you are consenting to receive transactional and commercial SMS messages from us. If you do not wish to receive SMS messages, you can unsubscribe at any time. To unsubscribe, respond ‘STOP’ to the received text.
Standard data and message rates may apply for text message alerts. Please contact your mobile phone carrier for details. If you require assistance, you can call our customer support team at 888-974-9928 or by email at support@slicelife.com.
Miscellaneous.

Entire Agreement and Severability. These Terms of Service are the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the Services, including use of the Site, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written or electronic) between you and us with respect to the Services. If any provision of these Terms of Service is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms of Service will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder.
Force Majeure. We shall not be liable for any failure to perform our obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond our reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation.
Assignment. These Terms of Service are personal to you, and are not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with our prior written consent. We may assign, transfer or delegate any of our rights and obligations hereunder without consent.
Agency. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship is created as a result of these Terms of Service and neither party has any authority of any kind to bind the other in any respect.
Notices. Unless otherwise specified in these Term of Service, all notices under these Terms of Service will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when received, if personally delivered or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested; when receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail; or the day after it is sent, if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service. Electronic notices should be sent to legal@SliceLife.com.
No Waiver. Our failure to enforce any part of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of our right to later enforce that or any other part of these Terms of Service. Waiver of compliance in any particular instance does not mean that we will waive compliance in the future. In order for any waiver of compliance with these Terms of Service to be binding, we must provide you with written notice of such waiver through one of our authorized representatives.
Headings. The section and paragraph headings in these Terms of Service are for convenience only and shall not affect their interpretation.


Contact. You may contact us at the following address: 151 W. 26th St Suite 1001 New York, NY 10001
Effective Date of Terms of Service: February 1, 2017.









About Us


Account


24/7 Support


FAQ


Careers




Slice on Social










Get the App





 




Restaurant Owners
List your menu on Slice and start making more dough.


Learn More



















Mypizza Technologies, Inc. in New York NY - Company Profile














































Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

New York



                
                >
                

New York







 Mypizza Technologies, Inc.
                        

Active

                                
                                    New York,
                                    NY
                                
                        












Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























Mypizza Technologies, Inc. Overview
  Mypizza Technologies, Inc. filed as a Foreign Business Corporation in the State of New York on Monday, August 10, 2015 and is approximately two years old, as recorded in documents filed with New York Department of State. A corporate filing is called a foreign filing when an existing corporate entity files in a state other than the state they originally filed in. This does not necessarily mean that they are from outside the United States. 




Sponsored


             Learn More
        
        D&B Reports Available for

        Mypizza Technologies, Inc.
    















 Excel
                    
Known Addresses for Mypizza Technologies, Inc.










1201 Broadway
New York, NY 10001









Advertisements










Corporate Filings for Mypizza Technologies, Inc.








New York Department of State





                                    Filing Type:
                                

Unauthorized Business Corporation                                



                                    Status:
                                

Inactive
Merged Out                                



                                    State:
                                

                                    New York
                                



                                        Foreign State:
                                    

Delaware                                    



                                        County:
                                    





                                    State ID:
                                

                                    4802530
                                



                                    Date Filed:
                                

                                        Monday, August 10, 2015
                                    



                                        Date Expired:
                                    

                                            Monday, August 10, 2015
                                        



                                        DOS Process
                                    

                                        Mypizza Technologies, Inc.
                                    



                                        Source Record
                                    


                                            NY DOS
                                            










New York Department of State





                                    Filing Type:
                                

Foreign Business Corporation                                



                                    Status:
                                

Active




                                    State:
                                

                                    New York
                                



                                        Foreign State:
                                    

Delaware                                    



                                        County:
                                    

                                        New York
                                    



                                    State ID:
                                

                                    4802534
                                



                                    Date Filed:
                                

                                        Monday, August 10, 2015
                                    



                                        DOS Process
                                    

                                        Mypizza Technologies, Inc.
                                    



                                        Source Record
                                    


                                            NY DOS
                                            










Corporate Notes









Source
Date
Type
Note








                                        8/10/2015
                                    

                                        Name History/Actual
                                    

                                        Mypizza Technologies, Inc.
                                    






                                        8/10/2015
                                    

                                        Name History/Actual
                                    

                                        Mypizza Technologies, Inc.
                                    











Trademarks for Mypizza Technologies, Inc.











                    Slice
                


Serial Number:

                    87117943
                


Drawing Code: 4000
            









Advertisements










Source







New York Department of State
                                Data last refreshed on Wednesday, June 1, 2016
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for Mypizza Technologies, Inc..
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for Mypizza Technologies, Inc. and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















1
                    Known Addresses
                




                                1201 Broadway  New York, NY 10001

                            


                        These addresses are known to be associated with Mypizza Technologies, Inc. however they may be inactive or mailing addresses only. Please verify address for mailing or other purposes.
                    




                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




2
                    Corporate Records

                



                                NY

2015
Unauthorized Business Corporation
                            

                                NY

2015
Foreign Business Corporation
                            





                Source
            





                        New York Department of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.




















Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,570 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,717 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,145 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,442 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,348 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,733 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,180 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,578 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,059 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,846 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,717 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,838 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,966 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,529 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,170 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,570 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,318 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,913 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,341 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,853 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,478 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,364 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,609 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,570 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,828 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,575 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,391 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,526 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,310 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,011 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,079 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,211 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,668 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        597,997 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,323 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,145 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,717 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,362 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,904 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,355 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,442 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,353 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,727 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,590 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,494 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,566 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,731 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,225 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,145 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,650 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,011 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,909 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,492 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,493 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,074 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,319 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,944 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,971 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.


















New York Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































New York Business Directory













Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Poker Venture LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Poker Venture Managing Member Corp
by: Poker Venture Managing Member Corp by: Donald J. Trump










Poker Venture Managing Member Corp

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Donald J. Trump
Ivanka Trump










Cantium, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Cantium Management, LLC










Tw Venture I LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Tw Venture I Managing Member Corp










Mantis Funding LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael Marano
Edward Lovette










Ccrmt Management Inc.

                                                
                                                    Long Island City, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Zion Yakuel










Sandy Bay Solutions, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Elliot Elzweig
Benny Elzweig










Cantium Management, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Djt Holdings Managing Member LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Donald J. Trump
Allen Weisselberg
The Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust Dated 4/7/14










Trump Emerald Dunes Member Corp

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Donald J. Trump
Allen Weisselberg
Eric Trump










Calling Grace Productions, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Home Box Office, Inc.










Fubu Mobile, LLC

                                                
                                                    Yonkers, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Edward Bassetti










RD/Jet, LLC

                                                
                                                    College Point, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Restaurant Depot, LLC










Sher Management Inc

                                                
                                                    Brooklyn, NY
                                                
                                        










Jakmin, LLC

                                                
                                                    Brooklyn, NY
                                                
                                        










Mp Mine Operations LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Avalanche Construction Group Inc.

                                                
                                                    Brooklyn, NY
                                                
                                        










Withbehalf LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Cellino & Barnes, P.C.

                                                
                                                    Buffalo, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Joseph Dietrich
Ross Barnes
Daryl Cimbolla










Csma Blt, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Marc Toscano
Peter Schancupp










Apeo, LLC

                                                
                                                    Manlius, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Arwinder S. Judge










The Original Blue Cantina, 11 Inc.

                                                
                                                    Mount Vernon, NY
                                                
                                        










First Nationle Solution LLC

                                                
                                                    Rochester, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Perry Santillo
Perry S. Antillo










to The Top Enterprises, LLC

                                                
                                                    Utica, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bradley N. Glerup










New Residential Mortgage LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
New Residential Investment Corp.
Cameron McDougall
Cameron Macdougall










Tpa Hospitality Partners, LLC

                                                
                                                    Buffalo, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kevin T. Kelly
Caroline Ellerson
Tyrone Nabbie










Print Bear, LLC

                                                
                                                    Clifton Park, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Anthony Constantino
Theresa M. Cummings
Timothy Song










Respekt-Wear Apparel Group LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Itria Ventures LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ramit Arora
Romit Arora
Jonathan S. Gitlin










Itx USA, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jose M Romay De La Colina
Eliseo Oroza Rodriguez
Dilip Patel










Secured Billing Services, LLC

                                                
                                                    Amherst, NY
                                                
                                        










Ghs Investments, LLC

                                                
                                                    Carle Place, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mark Grober










Ventura Blvd. Associates LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










New Creative Mix Inc.

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Alex Ferrari
Jill F. Teich
George S. Nelson










Sportsmen's Lodge Owner LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Santa Clara MM LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Eli Bronfman
Jeremy Bronfman










Great Oaks Mf Fee Owner LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Bgov LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bloomberg Inc.,










Yacht Rock Studios, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Moelis (Icon Investment) Holding LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Virgin Hotels San Francisco, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Speakeazy, LLC

                                                
                                                    White Plains, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gerald Gillum










Amalgamated Insurance Agency, LLC

                                                
                                                    Monsey, NY
                                                
                                        










S & D Reliable Management LLC

                                                
                                                    South Richmond Hill, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Shamin Persaud
Dennis Persaud










Rl Global Trade, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Millennium Web Strategies LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        










Peklava LLC

                                                
                                                    Red Hook, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Paul J. Kang










Ibio Cdmo LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Robert Erwin
Barry Holtz










C2 Scripps 2, LLC

                                                
                                                    New York, NY
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard Dovere










Mobile Agency, LLC

                                                
                                                    Brewster, NY
                                                
                                        



















Recently found companies





Company
City




Jax Soccer Holdings, LLC
20 days ago


New York




Bgov LLC
20 days ago


New York




Gs Portfolio Holdings (2017) LLC
20 days ago


New York




An Allied Construction Mgmt Company Inc.
20 days ago


Carle Place




Palmetto Hospitality of Dania Beach Condominium Association, Inc
20 days ago


New York




Utilivisor SW, LLC
22 days ago


New York




Ibio Cdmo LLC
22 days ago


New York




Great Lakes Processing Services LLC
22 days ago


Buffalo




Dalton Place Wtg Enterprises, LLC
22 days ago


Orchard Park




Rockhurst LLC
22 days ago


Mechanicville




Anis Films LLC
22 days ago


Long Island City




Cdcg 4 Finance Associates 2 LLC
22 days ago


New York




Hanna Home Property LLC
22 days ago


Hicksville




Penmark Property Advisors, LLC
22 days ago


Garden City




Cdcg 4 Mth 2 Lp
22 days ago


New York




Millennium Web Strategies LLC
22 days ago


New York




Peklava LLC
22 days ago


Red Hook




Santa Clara MM LLC
22 days ago


New York




S & D Reliable Management LLC
22 days ago


South Richmond Hill




Ventura Blvd. Associates LLC
23 days ago


New York




Mp Mine Operations LLC
23 days ago


New York




M & S Formosa, LLC
23 days ago


Monsey




Bloomberg Sef LLC
23 days ago


New York




M & S Third Street, LLC
23 days ago


Monsey




Ameritel of Adams Ave, LLC
23 days ago


Brooklyn




Mt. Shasta Anchor, LLC
23 days ago


New York




Amalgamated Insurance Agency, LLC
23 days ago


Monsey




La Fund 4 LLC
23 days ago


New York




La Fund 3 LLC
23 days ago


New York




La Fund 2 LLC
23 days ago


New York




Cdcg 4 Len 1 Lp
23 days ago


New York




Msg Esports, LLC
23 days ago


New York




Great Oaks Mf Fee Owner LLC
23 days ago


New York




La Fund 1 LLC
23 days ago


New York




Respekt-Wear Apparel Group LLC
23 days ago


New York




Mobile Agency, LLC
23 days ago


Brewster




Virgin Hotels San Francisco, LLC
23 days ago


New York




Midwood Management West LLC
23 days ago


New York




Malibu Road Investment, LLC
23 days ago


New York




Wispar 3 Finco, LLC
23 days ago


New York




Eml - Malibu, LLC
23 days ago


New York




Wispar 4 Finco, LLC
23 days ago


New York




Industrious La 9255 Sunset Blvd LLC
23 days ago


Brooklyn




Sportsmen's Lodge Owner LLC
23 days ago


New York




Speakeazy, LLC
23 days ago


White Plains




Moelis (Icon Investment) Holding LLC
23 days ago


New York




Yacht Rock Studios, LLC
23 days ago


New York




Rl Global Trade, LLC
23 days ago


New York




Tulsi Records LLC
23 days ago


New York




C2 Scripps 2, LLC
23 days ago


New York









Top cities in New York





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    New York
                


                975,769
            



                2
            


                    Brooklyn
                


                516,289
            



                3
            


                    Bronx
                


                152,481
            



                4
            


                    Staten Island
                


                91,042
            



                5
            


                    Rochester
                


                79,850
            



                6
            


                    Flushing
                


                77,696
            



                7
            


                    Buffalo
                


                68,732
            



                8
            


                    Albany
                


                42,267
            



                9
            


                    Jamaica
                


                41,574
            



                10
            


                    Syracuse
                


                38,555
            



                11
            


                    Yonkers
                


                35,548
            



                12
            


                    Astoria
                


                33,831
            



                13
            


                    Long Island City
                


                32,876
            



                14
            


                    White Plains
                


                31,122
            



                15
            


                    Great Neck
                


                29,976
            



                16
            


                    Forest Hills
                


                20,480
            



                17
            


                    New Rochelle
                


                19,813
            



                18
            


                    Schenectady
                


                19,216
            



                19
            


                    Huntington
                


                18,787
            



                20
            


                    Valley Stream
                


                18,320
            



                21
            


                    Jackson Heights
                


                17,821
            



                22
            


                    New Hyde Park
                


                17,630
            



                23
            


                    Bayside
                


                17,589
            



                24
            


                    Woodside
                


                17,439
            



                25
            


                    Garden City
                


                17,263
            



                26
            


                    Hicksville
                


                16,836
            



                27
            


                    Elmhurst
                


                16,829
            



                28
            


                    Farmingdale
                


                16,208
            



                29
            


                    Melville
                


                16,055
            



                30
            


                    Mount Vernon
                


                15,725
            



                31
            


                    Poughkeepsie
                


                15,217
            



                32
            


                    Corona
                


                14,607
            



                33
            


                    Westbury
                


                14,513
            



                34
            


                    Scarsdale
                


                14,244
            



                35
            


                    Bay Shore
                


                13,737
            



                36
            


                    Ridgewood
                


                13,495
            



                37
            


                    Plainview
                


                13,338
            



                38
            


                    Huntington Station
                


                13,031
            



                39
            


                    Smithtown
                


                12,823
            



                40
            


                    Hauppauge
                


                12,817
            



                41
            


                    Massapequa
                


                12,767
            



                42
            


                    Spring Valley
                


                12,423
            



                43
            


                    Syosset
                


                12,285
            



                44
            


                    Monsey
                


                12,065
            



                45
            


                    Freeport
                


                12,051
            



                46
            


                    Port Washington
                


                11,948
            



                47
            


                    Mineola
                


                11,824
            



                48
            


                    Rego Park
                


                11,395
            



                49
            


                    Deer Park
                


                11,289
            



                50
            


                    Newburgh
                


                11,179
            



                51
            


                    Binghamton
                


                11,016
            



                52
            


                    Ronkonkoma
                


                11,003
            



                53
            


                    Lindenhurst
                


                10,968
            



                54
            


                    Hempstead
                


                10,818
            



                55
            


                    Commack
                


                10,719
            



                56
            


                    New City
                


                10,625
            



                57
            


                    Jericho
                


                10,623
            



                58
            


                    Middletown
                


                10,581
            



                59
            


                    Queens Village
                


                10,350
            



                60
            


                    Monroe
                


                10,319
            



                61
            


                    Rockville Centre
                


                10,222
            



                62
            


                    Merrick
                


                10,099
            



                63
            


                    Niagara Falls
                


                9,937
            



                64
            


                    Oceanside
                


                9,893
            



                65
            


                    Whitestone
                


                9,740
            



                66
            


                    Saratoga Springs
                


                9,680
            



                67
            


                    Ithaca
                


                9,643
            



                68
            


                    Fresh Meadows
                


                9,635
            



                69
            


                    East Meadow
                


                9,470
            



                70
            


                    West Babylon
                


                9,449
            



                71
            


                    Williamsville
                


                9,421
            



                72
            


                    Maspeth
                


                9,381
            



                73
            


                    Troy
                


                9,372
            



                74
            


                    Ozone Park
                


                9,280
            



                75
            


                    Utica
                


                9,218
            



                76
            


                    Floral Park
                


                9,149
            



                77
            


                    Pittsford
                


                9,092
            



                78
            


                    Patchogue
                


                9,058
            



                79
            


                    Long Beach
                


                8,870
            



                80
            


                    Elmont
                


                8,804
            



                81
            


                    Baldwin
                


                8,690
            



                82
            


                    Kingston
                


                8,602
            



                83
            


                    South Richmond Hill
                


                8,472
            



                84
            


                    Manhasset
                


                8,430
            



                85
            


                    Bellmore
                


                8,395
            



                86
            


                    Glen Cove
                


                8,369
            



                87
            


                    Richmond Hill
                


                8,322
            



                88
            


                    Bohemia
                


                8,288
            



                89
            


                    Clifton Park
                


                8,259
            



                90
            


                    Lynbrook
                


                8,078
            



                91
            


                    Levittown
                


                7,958
            



                92
            


                    Wantagh
                


                7,948
            



                93
            


                    East Elmhurst
                


                7,731
            



                94
            


                    Liverpool
                


                7,730
            



                95
            


                    Port Chester
                


                7,664
            



                96
            


                    Webster
                


                7,636
            



                97
            


                    East Northport
                


                7,628
            



                98
            


                    Mamaroneck
                


                7,327
            



                99
            


                    Fairport
                


                7,143
            



                100
            


                    West Hempstead
                


                7,114
            



                101
            


                    Dix Hills
                


                7,066
            



                102
            


                    Brentwood
                


                7,048
            



                103
            


                    Southampton
                


                7,044
            



                104
            


                    Holbrook
                


                7,042
            



                105
            


                    Tonawanda
                


                6,914
            



                106
            


                    Latham
                


                6,873
            



                107
            


                    Suffern
                


                6,871
            



                108
            


                    College Point
                


                6,802
            



                109
            


                    Nanuet
                


                6,784
            



                110
            


                    Amityville
                


                6,773
            



                111
            


                    East Hampton
                


                6,655
            



                112
            


                    Mount Kisco
                


                6,641
            



                113
            


                    Medford
                


                6,627
            



                114
            


                    Franklin Square
                


                6,605
            



                115
            


                    Northport
                


                6,517
            



                116
            


                    Roslyn
                


                6,513
            



                117
            


                    Roslyn Heights
                


                6,498
            



                118
            


                    Ossining
                


                6,439
            



                119
            


                    Woodbury
                


                6,409
            



                120
            


                    Amherst
                


                6,335
            



                121
            


                    Larchmont
                


                6,314
            



                122
            


                    Uniondale
                


                6,214
            



                123
            


                    Yorktown Heights
                


                6,205
            



                124
            


                    Far Rockaway
                


                6,140
            



                125
            


                    West Islip
                


                6,140
            



                126
            


                    South Ozone Park
                


                6,111
            



                127
            


                    Rye
                


                6,087
            



                128
            


                    Bethpage
                


                6,054
            



                129
            


                    Tarrytown
                


                6,035
            



                130
            


                    Lockport
                


                6,027
            



                131
            


                    Wappingers Falls
                


                6,010
            



                132
            


                    Plattsburgh
                


                5,915
            



                133
            


                    Orchard Park
                


                5,914
            



                134
            


                    Riverhead
                


                5,837
            



                135
            


                    Hamburg
                


                5,671
            



                136
            


                    Mahopac
                


                5,662
            



                137
            


                    Bronxville
                


                5,655
            



                138
            


                    Woodmere
                


                5,654
            



                139
            


                    Cedarhurst
                


                5,648
            



                140
            


                    Port Jefferson Station
                


                5,590
            



                141
            


                    Nyack
                


                5,490
            



                142
            


                    Watertown
                


                5,483
            



                143
            


                    Middle Village
                


                5,473
            



                144
            


                    Brewster
                


                5,417
            



                145
            


                    Babylon
                


                5,351
            



                146
            


                    Central Islip
                


                5,289
            



                147
            


                    Peekskill
                


                5,279
            



                148
            


                    Glen Head
                


                5,271
            



                149
            


                    Woodhaven
                


                5,268
            



                150
            


                    North Tonawanda
                


                5,210
            



                151
            


                    Centereach
                


                5,157
            



                152
            


                    Jamestown
                


                5,141
            



                153
            


                    Elmsford
                


                5,124
            



                154
            


                    Elmira
                


                5,099
            



                155
            


                    Coram
                


                5,044
            



                156
            


                    Saint James
                


                5,019
            



                157
            


                    Harrison
                


                4,971
            



                158
            


                    Sayville
                


                4,936
            



                159
            


                    Carmel
                


                4,922
            



                160
            


                    Howard Beach
                


                4,903
            



                161
            


                    Hollis
                


                4,896
            



                162
            


                    Auburn
                


                4,871
            



                163
            


                    Sunnyside
                


                4,857
            



                164
            


                    New Windsor
                


                4,832
            



                165
            


                    East Syracuse
                


                4,756
            



                166
            


                    Seaford
                


                4,746
            



                167
            


                    Lawrence
                


                4,650
            



                168
            


                    Warwick
                


                4,650
            



                169
            


                    Hewlett
                


                4,641
            



                170
            


                    Little Neck
                


                4,628
            



                171
            


                    Kew Gardens
                


                4,617
            



                172
            


                    Hopewell Junction
                


                4,587
            



                173
            


                    Rosedale
                


                4,579
            



                174
            


                    Armonk
                


                4,549
            



                175
            


                    Canandaigua
                


                4,525
            



                176
            


                    Copiague
                


                4,489
            



                177
            


                    Shirley
                


                4,476
            



                178
            


                    Cheektowaga
                


                4,473
            



                179
            


                    Selden
                


                4,471
            



                180
            


                    Pelham
                


                4,463
            



                181
            


                    Endicott
                


                4,389
            



                182
            


                    Port Jefferson
                


                4,355
            



                183
            


                    Massapequa Park
                


                4,320
            



                184
            


                    Oyster Bay
                


                4,309
            



                185
            


                    Glendale
                


                4,297
            



                186
            


                    Queensbury
                


                4,294
            



                187
            


                    Saint Albans
                


                4,286
            



                188
            


                    Rome
                


                4,275
            



                189
            


                    Hartsdale
                


                4,221
            



                190
            


                    Pleasantville
                


                4,151
            



                191
            


                    Ballston Spa
                


                4,131
            



                192
            


                    Stony Brook
                


                4,014
            



                193
            


                    Vestal
                


                3,986
            



                194
            


                    Baldwinsville
                


                3,979
            



                195
            


                    Hampton Bays
                


                3,968
            



                196
            


                    Kings Park
                


                3,954
            



                197
            


                    East Setauket
                


                3,934
            



                198
            


                    North Babylon
                


                3,880
            



                199
            


                    East Islip
                


                3,786
            



                200
            


                    Pearl River
                


                3,785
            



                201
            


                    New Paltz
                


                3,773
            



                202
            


                    Goshen
                


                3,757
            



                203
            


                    Glens Falls
                


                3,724
            



                204
            


                    Chappaqua
                


                3,677
            



                205
            


                    Hudson
                


                3,677
            



                206
            


                    Depew
                


                3,662
            



                207
            


                    Amsterdam
                


                3,656
            



                208
            


                    Lancaster
                


                3,646
            



                209
            


                    Nesconset
                


                3,645
            



                210
            


                    West Seneca
                


                3,640
            



                211
            


                    Katonah
                


                3,628
            



                212
            


                    Oswego
                


                3,613
            



                213
            


                    Victor
                


                3,597
            



                214
            


                    Fishkill
                


                3,576
            



                215
            


                    Islip
                


                3,537
            



                216
            


                    Purchase
                


                3,498
            



                217
            


                    Oakland Gardens
                


                3,480
            



                218
            


                    Springfield Gardens
                


                3,480
            



                219
            


                    Briarcliff Manor
                


                3,478
            



                220
            


                    Farmingville
                


                3,456
            



                221
            


                    Cortland
                


                3,450
            



                222
            


                    Miller Place
                


                3,420
            



                223
            


                    Bellerose
                


                3,415
            



                224
            


                    Batavia
                


                3,387
            



                225
            


                    East Amherst
                


                3,354
            



                226
            


                    New Hartford
                


                3,323
            



                227
            


                    Croton On Hudson
                


                3,306
            



                228
            


                    Mount Sinai
                


                3,297
            



                229
            


                    East Aurora
                


                3,269
            



                230
            


                    Penfield
                


                3,252
            



                231
            


                    Carle Place
                


                3,245
            



                232
            


                    Williston Park
                


                3,216
            



                233
            


                    Saugerties
                


                3,201
            



                234
            


                    West Nyack
                


                3,185
            



                235
            


                    Eastchester
                


                3,169
            



                236
            


                    Grand Island
                


                3,154
            



                237
            


                    Monticello
                


                3,149
            



                238
            


                    Fayetteville
                


                3,122
            



                239
            


                    Sag Harbor
                


                3,101
            



                240
            


                    Albertson
                


                3,099
            



                241
            


                    Island Park
                


                3,096
            



                242
            


                    Oneonta
                


                3,079
            



                243
            


                    Cortlandt Manor
                


                3,035
            



                244
            


                    Locust Valley
                


                2,915
            



                245
            


                    Lake Grove
                


                2,913
            



                246
            


                    North Bellmore
                


                2,903
            



                247
            


                    Manlius
                


                2,892
            



                248
            


                    Delmar
                


                2,841
            



                249
            


                    Holtsville
                


                2,838
            



                250
            


                    Gloversville
                


                2,812
            



                251
            


                    Dobbs Ferry
                


                2,808
            



                252
            


                    Beacon
                


                2,801
            



                253
            


                    Pomona
                


                2,793
            



                254
            


                    Rensselaer
                


                2,782
            



                255
            


                    Spencerport
                


                2,724
            



                256
            


                    Hawthorne
                


                2,721
            



                257
            


                    Rocky Point
                


                2,708
            



                258
            


                    West Harrison
                


                2,704
            



                259
            


                    East Rockaway
                


                2,680
            



                260
            


                    Valhalla
                


                2,676
            



                261
            


                    Geneva
                


                2,667
            



                262
            


                    Olean
                


                2,664
            



                263
            


                    Westhampton Beach
                


                2,662
            



                264
            


                    Corning
                


                2,660
            



                265
            


                    Horseheads
                


                2,642
            



                266
            


                    Stony Point
                


                2,631
            



                267
            


                    Tuckahoe
                


                2,601
            



                268
            


                    Valley Cottage
                


                2,601
            



                269
            


                    Cohoes
                


                2,591
            



                270
            


                    Islandia
                


                2,579
            



                271
            


                    Manorville
                


                2,566
            



                272
            


                    Cicero
                


                2,565
            



                273
            


                    Rye Brook
                


                2,561
            



                274
            


                    Inwood
                


                2,559
            



                275
            


                    Islip Terrace
                


                2,542
            



                276
            


                    Johnson City
                


                2,536
            



                277
            


                    Rhinebeck
                


                2,521
            



                278
            


                    Middle Island
                


                2,496
            



                279
            


                    Cambria Heights
                


                2,493
            



                280
            


                    Chester
                


                2,490
            



                281
            


                    Clarence
                


                2,486
            



                282
            


                    Congers
                


                2,478
            



                283
            


                    Highland
                


                2,452
            



                284
            


                    Oakdale
                


                2,443
            



                285
            


                    Greenlawn
                


                2,437
            



                286
            


                    Bedford Hills
                


                2,408
            



                287
            


                    Fulton
                


                2,405
            



                288
            


                    Irvington
                


                2,399
            



                289
            


                    Center Moriches
                


                2,345
            



                290
            


                    Rockaway Park
                


                2,335
            



                291
            


                    Montgomery
                


                2,312
            



                292
            


                    Bedford
                


                2,308
            



                293
            


                    Ardsley
                


                2,271
            



                294
            


                    Thornwood
                


                2,261
            



                295
            


                    Bayport
                


                2,219
            



                296
            


                    Bellport
                


                2,210
            



                297
            


                    Douglaston
                


                2,201
            



                298
            


                    Brockport
                


                2,176
            



                299
            


                    Roosevelt
                


                2,162
            



                300
            


                    Port Jervis
                


                2,160
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.

























 


MyPizza Technologies, Inc - Android Apps on Google Play                                            Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch             Apps       My apps     Shop      Games     Family     Editors' Choice            Movies & TV       My movies & TV     Shop      TV     Family     Studios     Networks            Music       My music     Shop            Books       My books     Shop      Comics     Textbooks     Children's Books            Newsstand       My newsstand     Shop            Devices       Shop            Entertainment          Account     Redeem     Buy gift card     My wishlist     My Play activity     Parent Guide                  Categories              Android Wear  Art & Design  Auto & Vehicles  Beauty  Books & Reference  Business  Comics  Communication  Dating  Education  Entertainment  Events  Finance  Food & Drink  Health & Fitness  House & Home  Libraries & Demo  Lifestyle  Maps & Navigation  Medical  Music & Audio  News & Magazines  Parenting  Personalization  Photography  Productivity  Shopping  Social  Sports  Tools  Travel & Local  Video Players & Editors  Weather       Games    Action  Adventure  Arcade  Board  Card  Casino  Casual  Educational  Music  Puzzle  Racing  Role Playing  Simulation  Sports  Strategy  Trivia  Word       Family    Ages 5 & Under  Ages 6-8  Ages 9 & Up  Action & Adventure  Brain Games  Creativity  Education  Music & Video  Pretend Play                        Home            Top Charts            New Releases                                       Settings      Android Device Manager                   MyPizza Technologies, Inc                  Pre-ordered            Slice: Order Local Pizza, Delivery & Pickup Deals    MyPizza Technologies, Inc    1  Free       Slice makes ordering from your favorite neighborhood pizzeria easy.                  1  Free             Show More      ©2017 Google  Site Terms of Service  Privacy  Developers  Artists  About Google   By purchasing this item, you are transacting with Google Payments and agreeing to the Google Payments  Terms of Service  and  Privacy Notice .        