



MYR Group|Electrical Construction Company|National Electrical Contractor


































MYR Group








BUILD YOURSELF WITH US.
For more than a century, we’ve built more than the electrical infrastructure that powers the U.S. and Canada. We’ve built strong and dedicated employees who have fueled our continued success.
Learn more …





CONNECTING POWER TO PEOPLE.
FOR MORE THAN A CENTURY.
With roots dating to 1891 and more than 4,600 employees in North America, MYR Group has delivered some of the largest transmission, distribution and substation projects.
Learn more …






HERE TODAY.
HERE TOMORROW.

Our extensive presence, sizable assortment of experienced personnel and equipment allow us to mobilize resources anywhere throughout the U.S. and Canada to execute projects of all scopes and sizes.
Learn more …




SAFETY IS LIFE.
It sustains our employees, customers and company, and is an MYR Group core value.
Our culture embraces constant innovation and improvement …
Learn more …







Press Releases



May 3, 2017: 
                        MYR Group Inc. Announces First – Quarter 2017 Results                    



April 26, 2017: 
                        MYR Group Inc. Announces First-Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule                    


News



July 18, 2017: 
                        Sturgeon Electric Demonstrates Value-Add through Innovative Lean Practices on Downtown Denver Office Building                    



July 6, 2017: 
                        High Flying Line Workers Help Dominion Meet Tight Deadline                    




Welcome
With roots dating to 1891 and more than 4,600 employees in the U.S. and Canada, MYR Group has delivered some of North America’s largest transmission, distribution and substation projects and is consistently recognized as one of the top 5 specialty electrical contracting firms by Engineering News-Record (ENR).
MYR Group consists of the following subsidiaries: The L.E. Myers Co.; Sturgeon Electric Company, Inc.; Harlan Electric Company; MYR Transmission Services, Inc.; Great Southwestern Construction, Inc.; E.S. Boulos Company; High Country Line Construction, Inc., GSW  Integrated Services, LLC and MYR Group Construction Canada, Ltd., consisting of three  subsidiaries: MYR Transmission Services Canada, Ltd., Northern Transmission Services, Ltd. and Western Pacific Enterprises Ltd.
 




Lexington-Dooms Conductor Connections

L.E. Myers’ qualified line workers were deployed by helicopter to work on the newly rebuilt 39-mile Lexington-Dooms transmission line. The time-sensitive project ensured successful energization in late 2016.
Continue Reading


Antelope Valley to Judson Project
 Great Southwestern Construction, Inc. successfully finished construction of the 144-mile Antelope Valley Station to Judson transmission line for Basin Electric Power Cooperative in North Dakota.
Continue Reading


Value-Add through Innovative Lean Practices 

Sturgeon Electric’s C&I division demonstrates value-add through innovative lean practices with successfully construction of the nine-story, 245,000 square-foot Support Services Building for Denver Health Hospital Administration.
Continue Reading






x



























MYR Group - Careers and Opportunities

































MYR Group







Careers
Overview
Current Openings
Military
Third Party Recruiters
Career Spotlight Videos
 

Build Yourself With Us
For over a century, MYR Group has built more than the electrical infrastructure that powers our nation, we’ve built strong and dedicated employees who have fueled our continued success!
The skills, talents and commitment of our employees is what makes MYR Group a leader in the electrical services industry by allowing us to deliver superior customer service and capitalize on new opportunities.
In today’s world, long-term employees who feel valued, challenged and secure in their jobs seem to be more of the rule rather than the exception.   Investing in those who invest in us is what makes our company so unique, and is something we are extremely proud of.  We understand that providing a satisfying work environment helps us to get the most out of our people, and is what ultimately leads to personal achievement.  So if you are hard-working, dedicated, ambitious and interested in the long-term, the opportunities for recognition, continued professional development and advancement, we are waiting for you.
A Firm Foundation to Grow
We’re big and small at the same time, and able to provide the best of both worlds to our people. These are characteristics that provide an ideal environment for our employees to learn, grow and develop.  Personal contributions are recognized at both the local and corporate levels, and opportunities are available throughout the nation for those who are interested.
People are People – Part of the MYR Group Culture
There is no written rule or mantra at MYR Group that states, “Treat people the way you want to be treated,” because it seems to occur naturally throughout all levels of our organization.  If you would ask our employees across the country why they like working for MYR Group, chances are they would say, “Because of the people.”  We check our egos at the door.  We help each other out.  There’s a “we’re all in this together” mentality that prevails.
There is an understanding that behind every employee is a person with feelings, passions, beliefs, values and desires.  Not only are we project managers, linemen, administrative assistants, vice presidents, accountants, etc., more importantly we are also husbands, wives, parents, partners, brothers, sisters, aunts, uncles, grandparents, friends and much more.
A Diverse Mix of People and Projects
From the projects we’re engaged in around the nation, to the people we hire and work with, our employees are exposed to a variety of environments, situations and people – all factors that ultimately help each and every one of us to grow both personally and professionally.
MYR Group consists of a mixture of individuals possessing an assortment of talents, backgrounds, personalities and levels of experience, and we all learn from each other. Whether you are a seasoned industry veteran or a recent college graduate just starting out in your career, there’s a place for you at MYR Group. This diversity at all levels of our organization is the formula that builds stronger teams, greater understanding, better ideas and well-rounded decision making.
 




Life at MYR Group

MYR Group is a leading specialty contractor serving the electrical infrastructure industry and commercial/industrial markets through a nationwide network of subsidiaries with local offices. Industry stability, a variety of experiences and opportunities for personal growth can be yours.
Watch video…




MYR Group-Build Yourself With Us.

For over a century, we’ve built more than the electrical infrastructure that powers our nation; we’ve built strong and dedicated employees who have fueled the continued success of MYR Group. The skills, talents and commitment of our employees is what makes us a leader in the electrical services industry by allowing us to deliver superior customer service and capitalize on new opportunities.
Read more…








x



















Contact Us - MYR Group
































MYR Group






Contact Us
Contact us by filling out the form below:










Name (required)
 
Email (required)
 
Subject
 
Your Message
 


 
 
 
 

For more information on an MYR Group subsidiary, click on a logo.

 
 





Corporate Headquarters:
MYR Group Inc.
1701 Golf Road, Suite 3-1012
Rolling Meadows, IL 60008
Phone 847.290.1891
Fax 847.290.1892
Email: Info@myrgroup.com




Investor Relations:
Email: InvestorInfo@myrgroup.com




Human Resources:
Email: Human-Resources@myrgroup.com




Employment:
Email: Employment@myrgroup.com 




Storm Restoration Services:
Elaine Hughes, VP Business Development
Phone 303.898.1497
24-Hour Emergency Services
Email: EHughes@myrgroup.com




Bid Requests:
Email: Bids@myrgroup.com




Become a Supplier / Vendor
Fill out the Pre-Qualification PDF form and Safety Attachment Form
Return via email with all requested
documentation to: Pre-qual@myrgroup.com








x



















Leadership Team - MYR Group




































MYR Group







Why MYR Group
Overview
History
Mission, Vision & Values
Locations & Markets We Serve
Leadership Team
Awards & Recognition
 

Leadership Team

Rick S. Swartz
President and Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Swartz was appointed MYR Group Inc.’s (MYR Group) President and Chief Executive Officer on January 1, 2017; and assumes complete profit and loss (P&L) responsibility for MYR Group and its’ subsidiaries who collectively achieved 2015 revenues of $1.06 billion.
Mr. Swartz leads a nationwide organization of more than 4,500 employees and is involved in major contract negotiations, client development initiatives and the development and diversification of services throughout the United States and Canada.
Prior to being appointed CEO, Mr. Swartz served as MYR Group’s Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for six years. He was responsible for the strategic and operational leadership of the organization, as well as P&L accountability in MYR Group’s transmission & distribution and commercial & industrial markets.
He was instrumental in the development and inception of project management and productivity improvement programs as well as in the formulation of several corporate safety initiatives. He spearheaded Sturgeon Electric’s participation in OSHA’s Voluntary Protection Program (VPP) for the Mobile Workforce Demonstration Program, for which Sturgeon Electric has achieved and maintained STAR status since 2008.
Mr. Swartz has more than 35 years of industry experience and began his career in commercial and industrial electrical construction with Sturgeon Electric Company, Inc. (Sturgeon Electric) who was acquired by MYR Group in 1995. His career began in field operations and evolved into a variety of senior management positions including Vice President of Sturgeon Electric’s Commercial and Industrial (C&I) division, Vice President of Sturgeon Electric’s Transmission & Distribution (T&D) – Midwest, Group Vice President C&I and T&D – West, and Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of MYR Group.

Tod Cooper
Senior Vice President & Chief Operating Officer of T&D
Mr. Cooper began his career in the electrical construction industry in 1989 as an Estimator with MYR Group subsidiary The L.E. Myers Co. (L.E. Myers).
Mr. Cooper has held several positions within L.E. Myers including District Estimator, Business Development Manager, District Manager and Regional Manager, overseeing all aspects of T&D construction and maintenance operations. He then served in Vice President and Regional Vice President roles where he was responsible for the oversight of all MYR Group eastern district operations and played a key role in developing, sustaining and growing relationships with many major clients throughout the eastern United States and Canada.  In 2017, Mr. Cooper was appointed Senior Vice President & Chief Operating Officer of MYR Group’s Transmission and Distribution (T&D) Division.
Prior to his role of COO over T&D, he most recently served as Senior Vice President, East for MYR Group and oversees MYR Group’s large projects in addition to the eastern district operations. Mr. Cooper is well-versed in all aspects of operations and brings significant experience in the areas of personnel development, estimating, sales and project management.
Mr. Cooper is a Board Member with American Line Builders Chapter of the National Electrical Contractors Association, and is a Trustee for the American Line Builders Apprenticeship Training Program. He has a Masters Certificate in Applied Project Management from Villanova University and a Bachelor of Science Degree in Industrial Training from Bowling Green State University.
Along with MYR Group’s other senior executives, Mr. Cooper serves on the Executive Committee that sets the overall strategy and direction for MYR Group.

Jeff Waneka
Senior Vice President  & Chief Operating Officer of C&I
Mr. Waneka joined Sturgeon Electric in 1991, and throughout his 25+ years with the Company, has served in various roles of increasing responsibility including Project Manager, Operations Manager, District Manager, Director of Business Development, Vice President, and most recently, President of Sturgeon Electric Company’s Commercial and Industrial Division in which he led the Commercial and Industrial (C&I) Division throughout the western United States. In 2017, Mr. Waneka was named Senior Vice President & Chief Operating Officer of MYR Group’s C&I Division.
In his current role as Senior Vice President & Chief Operating Officer of C&I, Mr. Waneka is responsible for devising and leading the overall growth and operational strategies throughout the United States and Canada.
Mr. Waneka has pioneered several successful programs that have helped to transform the Company into an industry leader. He was instrumental in executing a paradigm shift in Sturgeon Electric’s safety culture through the implementation of various impactful safety programs in the late 1990’s. The success of these programs ultimately led to Sturgeon Electric’s award of VPP STAR Status by OSHA – a status that has been maintained for nearly a decade.
He also strengthened and energized the Company’s pre-construction services group through a realignment of duties and purpose to make the group more creative in their customer focus, and helped to foster and implement continuous improvement in all aspects of safety, operations and technology.
Mr. Waneka received a B.S. in Industrial Construction Management from Colorado State University. He is also a certified as a Safety Trained Supervisor (STS) by the Council of Certification on Health, Environmental and Safety Technologists, and has undergone Supervisor Training in Accident Reduction Techniques (S.T.A.R.T.).

Gerald B. Engen
Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary
Since 2002, Mr. Engen has served as Vice President and Chief Legal Officer of MYR Group and oversees a team of attorneys responsible for all aspects of the Company’s legal affairs around the U.S. and Canada.
Mr. Engen joined MYR Group in 2000 as Assistant General Counsel. In this capacity, he managed legal issues related to operations, compliance and staff functions.
Mr. Engen is a key member of MYR Group’s Executive Committee, helping to drive short and long-term strategic business decisions for the successful growth of the Company.
Mr. Engen received his Bachelor of Science Degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Wyoming and Master of Science Degree in Biomedical Engineering from the University of Wyoming. He also received his Juris Doctorate in Law from the University of Denver.


Betty R. Johnson
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Ms. Johnson has held various senior management finance roles within the manufacturing and construction industries, and currently serves as MYR Group’s Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.
Prior to MYR Group Inc., she served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Faith Technologies, Inc., a privately-held electrical, engineering and technology systems contractor. From 2007-2015, she also served on MYR Group’s Board of Directors.
From 2009 to 2014, Ms. Johnson served as Vice President of Global Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Sloan Valve Company, an international manufacturer and distributor of water efficient products to the commercial plumbing industry. Prior to this, Ms. Johnson was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer with Block and Company, Inc., a manufacturer and distributor of money handling and office products from 2003 to 2009. From 1999 to 2003, she served as the Vice President Operations/Finance with Encompass Services Corporation, an electrical and mechanical construction company. Ms. Johnson served as MYR Group’s Controller from 1992 to 1998 and Vice President and Controller from 1998 to 1999. In addition, Ms. Johnson has 11 years of experience in various auditing roles within Deloitte and Touche’s construction industry group.
Ms. Johnson holds a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Loyola University in Chicago, Illinois and is a certified public accountant.

 
 
 





Life at MYR Group

MYR Group is a leading specialty contractor serving the electrical infrastructure industry and commercial/industrial markets through a nationwide network of subsidiaries with local offices. Industry stability, a variety of experiences and opportunities for personal growth can be yours at MYR Group.
Watch video…








x



















MYR Group - Nationwide Electrical Construction Projects

































MYR Group







Projects




Completed Major Projects
(Transmission, Substation)
From 35.5kV to 765kV, MYR Group has constructed hundreds of transmission and substation projects and thousands of miles of transmission lines for public and private clients throughout the United States.

Lexington-Dooms Transmission Line
Big Eddy-Knight Aviation Marker Ball Installation
Cloverdale-Lexington 500kV Reconductor Project
Antelope Valley Station to Judson 345kV Transmission Line
Central Ferry-Lower Monumental Transmission Line Project
Southern Reinforcement Project (SRP)
Kansas V-Plan 345kV Transmission Line Project
Mount Storm to Doubs 500kV Rebuild Project
Maine Power Reliability Program Project 
CAPX 2020
One Nevada 500kV Transmission Line (ON Line) Project (Southwest Intertie Project –SWIP)
Cross Texas Transmission (CTT) 345kV Transmission Line Project
Spearville to Axtell 345kV Transmission Line, also known as the KETA Project
Meadowbrook to Loudoun 500kV Transmission Line (eastern part of TRAIL Project), and Carson Substation to Suffolk Substation 500kV Transmission Lines 
Clarks Corners 345k/115kV/34.5kV Substation and 115kV Transmission Lines, part of the ITP-Ithaca Transmission Project
Electric Transmission Reliability (ETR) 345kV Transmission Line Project 
Southwest Minnesota Transmission Upgrade 
CBEC to Grimes Transmission Line and Substation

See more…






Substations
MYR Group has constructed hundreds of high-voltage substations, switch stations and interconnect stations nationwide from 34.5kV to 765kV for public and private clients.

Clover 345kV/138kV Substation
 Pawnee 345kV Substation
Ponderosa 500kV/230kV Substation Expansion 
Cedar Point Wind Farm 230kV/34.5kV Substations and Missile Site Capacitor Yard Works 
Clarks Corners 345k/115kV/34.5kV Substation, part of the ITP-Ithaca Transmission Project
Three Mile Knoll 345kV/138kV Substation 
See more…






Distribution
MYR Group has constructed and maintained thousands of miles of overhead and underground distribution line projects for a diverse range of clients throughout the nation; and has worked in a variety of energized and de-energized project conditions.

Ameren Alliance
National Grid Alliance
Quantum Leap
Xcel Alliance
See more…






Commercial and Industrial
MYR Group subsidiaries Sturgeon Electric Company, Inc., E.S. Boulos and Western Pacific Enterprises Ltd. provides complete electrical construction services for commercial and industrial (C&I) facilities of all types and sizes to customers throughout the western and northeastern United States and western Canada.

Hospitals/Healthcare - Denver Health Administration Support Services Building
Transportation – Eisenhower/Johnson Memorial Tunnels – Fixed Fire Suppression System
Transportation – US 36 Managed Lanes Project
Transportation – Eastbound I-70 Mountain Express Lanes Project
Aviation - Denver International Airport
Aviation - Hotel and Transit Center at Denver International Airport
Data Centers - Department of State Data Center at Denver Federal Center
Government - Adams County Justice Center/Adams County Government Center
Government - Fort Carson Brigade and Battalion Headquarters
Hospitals/Healthcare - Castle Rock Adventist Health Campus
Hospitals/Healthcare - Exempla Lutheran Medical Center
Hospitals/Healthcare - Saint Anthony’s West Hospital
Water/Wastewater - Cheesman Dam Upgrade
Transportation - Union Station
See more…






Renewable Energy
For more than a decade, MYR Group has been constructing substations, transmission lines and collector systems for solar and wind farms throughout the United States. 

Wind - Dry Lake II Wind Farm 69kV/34.5kV Substation and Collector System
Wind - Juniper Canyon Wind Farm 345kV Transmission Line
Wind - Keenan II Wind Farm 138kV Transmission Line
Wind - Cedar Creek Wind Farm 230kV Transmission Line and Substation 
Solar- Staples Distribution Center Solar Park 
Solar - Zimmerman Farms
See more…






EPC
MYR Group has varied and extensive experience on EPC projects throughout the nation ranging from major transmission line projects to all aspects of electrical construction requirements for wind farms and solar facilities.

Clover 345kV/138kV Substation
Three Mile Knoll 345kV/138kV Substation and Transmission Line
Southwest Minnesota Transmission Upgrade 
CBEC to Grimes Transmission Line and Substation 
Cedar Creek Wind Farm 230kV Transmission Line and Substation 

See more…






River Crossings
MYR Group has a long, nationwide history of managing the construction of river crossing projects to scope, quality, schedule, and cost.

Big Eddy-Knight Aviation Marker Ball Installation
Penobscot River Crossing
Baldwin to Rush Island 345kV Transmission Line and River Crossing 
John Day to Big Eddy 500kV Deschutes River Crossing
See more…






Emergency Restoration
As one of the largest, nationwide specialty electrical contractors, MYR Group has the personnel and equipment resources required to quickly and efficiently respond to the emergency restoration needs of our utility clients.

Hurricane Sandy 2012 
Hurricane Isaac 2012 
Hurricane Irene 2011
Fourmile Canyon Fire
Hurricane Gustav 2008
Hurricane Ike 2008
See more…








x

























Work at MYR Group Inc. | CareerBuilder
























Skip navigation




















Hello.






Sign in to find your next job.






Post Jobs










Sign In


Sign Up



Home
Add Resume
Browse Jobs
Explore Careers
Search Resources

Looking to Hire?
Post Jobs





Resumes
Cover Letters
Saved & Applied Jobs
Saved Searches
Profile
Sign Out













Search







Location


















MYR Group Inc.



Public
Construction
2,500 - 5,000 Employees
Headquartered in Henderson, CO
13 Active Jobs





Since 1891, MYR Group Inc. (MYR Group) has built many of the transmission lines, substations and distribution systems that power our nation. This legacy, coupled with a broad national presence, skilled workforce, financial stability, experienced management team and extensive specialized transmission and distribution equipment resources provide customers with the expertise and stability they demand. It’s why MYR Group is consistently recognized by Engineering News-Record (ENR) as one of the top five specialty electrical contracting firms in the country. MYR Group is publicly-traded on NASDAQ under the symbol MYRG.With nearly 3,500 employees nationwide, MYR Group consists of the following subsidiaries: The L.E. Myers Co.; Hawkeye Construction, Inc.; Sturgeon Electric Company, Inc.; Harlan Electric Company; MYR Transmission Services, Inc. and Great Southwestern Construction, Inc. MYR Group provides centralized leadership, direction and resource management to assist our family of companies in performing both high-voltage and commercial and industrial electrical construction services for clients.[M/F/Disability/Veteran]





Career Opportunities
For over a century, MYR Group has built more than the electrical infrastructure that powers our nation, we’ve built strong and dedicated employees who have fueled our continued success!The skills, talents and commitment of our employees is what makes MYR Group a leader in the electrical services industry by allowing us to deliver superior customer service and capitalize on new opportunities.In today’s world, long-term employees who feel valued, challenged and secure in their jobs seem to be more of the rule rather than the exception. Investing in those who invest in us is what makes our company so unique, and is something we are extremely proud of. We understand that providing a satisfying work environment helps us to get the most out of our people, and is what ultimately leads to personal achievement. So if you are hard-working, dedicated, ambitious and interested in the long-term, the opportunities for recognition, continued professional development and advancement are waiting for you.





Our Mission
MYR Group’s mission is to be the preferred provider of construction services to each of our clients, to create rewarding jobs for each of our employees and to earn a fair return.





Our Vision
MYR Group’s vision is to be recognized by our constituents as the leader in the specialty electrical contracting industry.





Contact Us
Corporate Headquarters:MYR Group Inc.1701 Golf Road, Suite 3-1012Rolling Meadows, IL 60008-4270Phone (847) 290-1891Fax (847) 290-1892Email: Info@myrgroup.com












Website
http://www.myrgroup.com/


Connect with Us

























Recommended Jobs
at MYR Group Inc.




Construction Manager
Jacksonville, FL




Payroll Assistant
Henderson, CO




Electrical Estimator
Auburn, WA




Project Engineer - C&I
Anacortes, WA




Project Engineer - C&I
Auburn, WA




View All MYR Group Inc. Jobs
View All MYR Group Inc. Jobs













MYR Group Inc. Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / MYR Group Inc.


MYR Group Inc.

1701 Golf Road, Suite 3-1012 
Rolling Meadows IL 60008 United States
Phone: +1 847-___-____
Fax: +1 847-___-____
http://www.myrgroup.com





14
Managers




45
IT employees




$48.6MEST.
IT Budget




MYR Group Inc. (MYR Group) is a holding company. The company is a specialty contractor serving the electrical infrastructure market in the United States. Its operations are conducted by six subsidiaries: The L. E. Myers Co.; Harlan Electric Company; Hawkeye… MoreMYR Group Inc. (MYR Group) is a holding company. The company is a specialty contractor serving the electrical infrastructure market in the United States. Its operations are conducted by six subsidiaries: The L. E. Myers Co.; Harlan Electric Company; Hawkeye Construction, Inc.; Great Southwestern Construction, Inc.; Sturgeon Electric Company, Inc., and MYR Transmission Services, Inc.
The Information Technology department for MYR Group is led by the Vice President of IT out of the Rolling Meadows, IL corporate headquarters. Staff is also located in offices around the US, including Henderson, CO.

IT Networks staff manages networks and… MoreThe Information Technology department for MYR Group is led by the Vice President of IT out of the Rolling Meadows, IL corporate headquarters. Staff is also located in offices around the US, including Henderson, CO.

IT Networks staff manages networks and servers, installs and upgrades hardware and software support users, and troubleshoots hardware and software.

The Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Systems division monitors performance reports for operating systems, networks and security technologies.
 
MYR Group uses Hostway as its hosting provider and ATT DNS as its name server provider.





Sector (Industry)
Industrials (Construction)


Employees
4075


Revenue
$1.1B


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2017-07-12
Staffing
Topic: Staffing, Finance
Company: MYR Group Inc., Rolling Meadows, IL
Opportunity: Seeking an Accounting Assistant (ME, Westbrook, 04092).




2017-06-27
Staffing
Topic: Staffing, Staffing
Company: MYR Group Inc., Rolling Meadows, IL
Opportunity: Seeking a JDE E1 Senior Developer (NV, Henderson, 89044).




2017-06-27
Staffing
Topic: Staffing, Staffing
Company: MYR Group Inc., Rolling Meadows, IL
Opportunity: Seeking a JDE E1 Senior Developer (IL, Rolling Meadows, 60008).







Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Business Intelligence
SAP Business Objects

Data Tools
MySQL WorkbenchSQL Script

Relational Databases
EnterpriseOneIBM DB2Microsoft AccessMicrosoft SQL ServerOracle DatabaseSQL
Data Infrastructure

Cloud Systems
Google Cloud AppsVMware vCloud

Email Hosting
CYREN (Formerly known as Commtouch)Electricmail.com (mail server)Google (mail server)

End User Hardware
A+Windows 7Windows XP
Data Storage

Enterprise Storage
NetApp

Storage Networking Solutions
NetApp iSCSI SAN Storage Solution
Enterprise/ ERP

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Oracle JD EdwardsOracle JD Edwards EnterpriseOneOracle JD Edwards World

Enterprise Systems Support
Primavera Enterprise Project Portfolio Management

Financials
Hyperion
Information Mgmt

Content Management
Sarka-SPIPWordPressYouTube

Document Management
Westbrook Fortis

User Experience
DeliciousDiggFacebookFriends NetworkInstagramLinkedInButtonMicrosoft SharePoint Server
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Advertising/ Search

Digital Media Operations

Online Advertising
Analytics

Business Intelligence

Marketing Data Management
Microsoft SQL Server

Social Analytics
Adobe Macromedia DreamweaverPHP
Creative/ Content

Website Design
Adobe Creative SuiteAdobe PhotoshopAdobe ShockwaveLinkedInButtonSarka-SPIPYoast
eCommerce

Online Retailing
Apache ServerWordPress

Social Commerce
Go Daddy (Hosting)Network Solutions (Hosting)
Product/ Brand Mgmt

Marketing Portfolio Management

Mobile Application and Content Services
BlackBerry
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Jean Luber
Vice President, IT
___@myrgroup.com
+1 847-___-____







Blake Catterall
Project Engineer
___@myrgroup.com
+1 303-___-____







Travis Martinez
Director, Business Development
___@myrgroup.com
+1 303-___-____



This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing







MYR Group Inc. - Investor Relations
















MYR Group








Share This
Print
Email




Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?





Investor Relations








3 Mo.  
	  
6 Mo.  
	  
1 Yr.







We are committed to serving the best interests of our shareholders. You will find key shareholder information and financial reports available to help put MYR Group Inc.'s financial performance into perspective.
Fraud Hotline Number: 1-800-461-9330


View all »   Recent Releases
May 3, 2017
MYR Group Inc. Announces First-Quarter 2017 Results
Apr 26, 2017
MYR Group Inc. Announces First-Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule




Stock Quote (NASDAQ: MYRG)
Price:
31.56

Change:
 0.00

Day High:
N/A

Day Low:
N/A

Volume:
N/A

4:00 PM ET on Jul 25, 2017
Delayed at least 20  minutes.Provided by eSignal.



Shareholder Tools



Shareholder Briefcase



Email Alerts



Download Library



RSS News Feeds




Search Investor Relations















Investor Relations

Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
SEC Filings
Annual Reports & Proxy
Stock Information
Analysts
Investor FAQ's
Investor Contact

















MYR GROUP INC - RURAL HALL, NC - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NC



RURAL HALL



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            MYR GROUP INC
                                    



 





















M 


MYR GROUP INC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



199 FORUM PKWY RURAL HALL, NC 27045
Get Directions



(336) 969-9400





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Myr Group Inc was founded in 2010. Myr Group Inc specializes in Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















MYR Group - Careers and Opportunities

































MYR Group







Careers
Overview
Current Openings
Military
Third Party Recruiters
Career Spotlight Videos
 

Build Yourself With Us
For over a century, MYR Group has built more than the electrical infrastructure that powers our nation, we’ve built strong and dedicated employees who have fueled our continued success!
The skills, talents and commitment of our employees is what makes MYR Group a leader in the electrical services industry by allowing us to deliver superior customer service and capitalize on new opportunities.
In today’s world, long-term employees who feel valued, challenged and secure in their jobs seem to be more of the rule rather than the exception.   Investing in those who invest in us is what makes our company so unique, and is something we are extremely proud of.  We understand that providing a satisfying work environment helps us to get the most out of our people, and is what ultimately leads to personal achievement.  So if you are hard-working, dedicated, ambitious and interested in the long-term, the opportunities for recognition, continued professional development and advancement, we are waiting for you.
A Firm Foundation to Grow
We’re big and small at the same time, and able to provide the best of both worlds to our people. These are characteristics that provide an ideal environment for our employees to learn, grow and develop.  Personal contributions are recognized at both the local and corporate levels, and opportunities are available throughout the nation for those who are interested.
People are People – Part of the MYR Group Culture
There is no written rule or mantra at MYR Group that states, “Treat people the way you want to be treated,” because it seems to occur naturally throughout all levels of our organization.  If you would ask our employees across the country why they like working for MYR Group, chances are they would say, “Because of the people.”  We check our egos at the door.  We help each other out.  There’s a “we’re all in this together” mentality that prevails.
There is an understanding that behind every employee is a person with feelings, passions, beliefs, values and desires.  Not only are we project managers, linemen, administrative assistants, vice presidents, accountants, etc., more importantly we are also husbands, wives, parents, partners, brothers, sisters, aunts, uncles, grandparents, friends and much more.
A Diverse Mix of People and Projects
From the projects we’re engaged in around the nation, to the people we hire and work with, our employees are exposed to a variety of environments, situations and people – all factors that ultimately help each and every one of us to grow both personally and professionally.
MYR Group consists of a mixture of individuals possessing an assortment of talents, backgrounds, personalities and levels of experience, and we all learn from each other. Whether you are a seasoned industry veteran or a recent college graduate just starting out in your career, there’s a place for you at MYR Group. This diversity at all levels of our organization is the formula that builds stronger teams, greater understanding, better ideas and well-rounded decision making.
 




Life at MYR Group

MYR Group is a leading specialty contractor serving the electrical infrastructure industry and commercial/industrial markets through a nationwide network of subsidiaries with local offices. Industry stability, a variety of experiences and opportunities for personal growth can be yours.
Watch video…




MYR Group-Build Yourself With Us.

For over a century, we’ve built more than the electrical infrastructure that powers our nation; we’ve built strong and dedicated employees who have fueled the continued success of MYR Group. The skills, talents and commitment of our employees is what makes us a leader in the electrical services industry by allowing us to deliver superior customer service and capitalize on new opportunities.
Read more…








x
















  MYRG:NASDAQ GS Stock Quote - MYR Group Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  MYR Group Inc   MYRG:US   NASDAQ GS        31.56USD   0.03   0.10%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/25/2017     Open   31.53    Day Range   31.43 - 31.98    Volume   75,794    Previous Close   31.53    52Wk Range   24.15 - 43.77    1 Yr Return   28.61%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   31.53    Day Range   31.43 - 31.98    Volume   75,794    Previous Close   31.53    52Wk Range   24.15 - 43.77    1 Yr Return   28.61%    YTD Return   -16.24%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   26.84    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   1.18    Market Cap (m USD)   519.931    Shares Outstanding  (m)   16.474    Price/Sales (TTM)   0.43    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector  Industrials   % Price Change -0.06%     Industry Capital Goods   % Price Change -0.22%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     5/3/2017   MYR Group Inc. Announces First-Quarter 2017 Results     4/26/2017   MYR Group Inc. Announces First-Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule     3/9/2017   MYR Group Inc. Announces Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Results     3/2/2017   MYR Group Inc. Announces Fourth-Quarter 2016 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   MYR Group Inc. contracts electrical infrastructure projects. The Company maintains a fleet of specialized transmission and distribution equipment. MYR serves commercial and industrial markets in the United States.    Address  1701 Golf RoadSuite 3-1012Rolling Meadows, IL 60008-4270United States   Phone  1-847-290-1891   Website   www.myrgroup.com     Executives Board Members    William A Koertner  Chairman    Richard S Swartz "Rick"  President/CEO    Betty R Johnson  Senior VP/CFO/Treasurer    Gerald B Engen  Senior VP/Chief Legal Officer/Secy    Tod M Cooper  Senior VP/COO:Transmission     Show More         








MYR Group Inc - NASDAQ:MYRG - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















MYR Group Inc (MYRG)
Follow




                                31.56
                            







                        NASDAQ : Industrial Goods
                    

Jul 25, 2017 4:00 PM EDT












Prev Close
  31.56


Day Low/High

                                    0.00 /
                                    0.00


52 Wk Low/High

                                    24.15 /
                                    43.77
                                


Avg Volume 
114.90K











Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
16.47M


Market Cap
519.44M


EPS
1.20


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            25.84
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News




Ratings Changes Today






RSI Alert: MYR Group (MYRG) Now Oversold













Relative Strength Alert For MYR Group
Legendary investor Warren Buffett advises to be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful. One way we can try to measure the level of fear in a given stock is through a technical analysis indicator called the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which measures momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

May 4, 2017 12:02 PM EDT









MYR Group Inc. Announces First-Quarter 2017 Results


May 3, 2017 4:00 PM EDT









MYR Group Inc. Announces First-Quarter 2017 Earnings Release And Conference Call Schedule


Apr 26, 2017 4:00 PM EDT









MYRG Crosses Above Average Analyst Target
In recent trading, shares of MYR Group Inc have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $41.00, changing hands for $41.73/share. When a stock reaches the target an analyst has set, the analyst logically has two ways to react: downgrade on valuation, or, re-adjust their target price to a higher level.

Apr 12, 2017 9:54 AM EDT









MYR Group Inc. Announces Fourth-Quarter And Full-Year 2016 Results


Mar 9, 2017 4:39 PM EST









MYR Group Inc. Announces Fourth-Quarter 2016 Earnings Release And Conference Call Schedule


Mar 2, 2017 5:20 PM EST













MYR Group Inc. Announces William A. Koertner Steps Down As President And Chief Executive Officer


Dec 19, 2016 4:00 PM EST













MYR Group Inc. Announces Resignation Of John P. Schauerman From Board Of Directors


Nov 29, 2016 4:02 PM EST













MYR Group Reaches Analyst Target Price
In recent trading, shares of MYR Group Inc have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $29.00, changing hands for $31.01/share. When a stock reaches the target an analyst has set, the analyst logically has two ways to react: downgrade on valuation, or, re-adjust their target price to a higher level.

Nov 4, 2016 9:54 AM EDT













MYR Group Inc. Announces Third-Quarter And First Nine-Months 2016 Results


Nov 2, 2016 4:00 PM EDT













MYR Group Inc. Acquires British Columbia Electrical Contractor Western Pacific Enterprises


Oct 31, 2016 4:00 PM EDT













MYR Group Inc. Announces Third-Quarter 2016 Earnings Release And Conference Call Schedule


Oct 26, 2016 4:00 PM EDT













MYR Group Reaches Analyst Target Price
In recent trading, shares of MYR Group Inc have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $28.50, changing hands for $29.00/share. When a stock reaches the target an analyst has set, the analyst logically has two ways to react: downgrade on valuation, or, re-adjust their target price to a higher level.

Sep 21, 2016 9:42 AM EDT













MYR Group Inc. Awarded Contract With Cross Texas Transmission To Construct Approximately 68 Miles Of 345kV Transmission Line


Sep 19, 2016 5:31 PM EDT









New Addition Dycom Takes Advantage of Shift to Online
The number of households and people with connected devices is expected to increase over the next few years.

Sep 6, 2016 9:26 AM EDT













MYR Group Inc. Announces Promotion Of COO Richard Swartz To Executive Vice President


Sep 1, 2016 4:05 PM EDT













MYR GROUP (MYRG) SHAREHOLDER ALERT - Andrews & Springer LLC Is Investigating MYR Group Inc. For Potential Breaches Of Fiduciary Duty
Andrews & Springer LLC, a boutique securities class action law firm focused on representing shareholders nationwide, is investigating potential breach of fiduciary duty claims against MYR Group Inc.

Aug 15, 2016 8:01 AM EDT













MYRG Crosses Above Average Analyst Target
In recent trading, shares of MYR Group Inc have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $27.67, changing hands for $28.18/share. When a stock reaches the target an analyst has set, the analyst logically has two ways to react: downgrade on valuation, or, re-adjust their target price to a higher level.

Aug 10, 2016 7:38 AM EDT













MYR Group Inc. Announces Second-Quarter And First-Half 2016 Results


Aug 3, 2016 4:00 PM EDT













MYR Group Inc. Announces Second-Quarter 2016 Earnings Release And Conference Call Schedule


Jul 27, 2016 4:00 PM EDT













MYR Group Breaks Below 200-Day Moving Average - Notable for MYRG
In trading on Monday, shares of MYR Group Inc crossed below their 200 day moving average of $22.81, changing hands as low as $22.59 per share. MYR Group Inc shares are currently trading down about 2.2% on the day.

Jun 27, 2016 2:23 PM EDT













MYR Group (MYRG) Shares Cross Below 200 DMA
In trading on Thursday, shares of MYR Group Inc crossed below their 200 day moving average of $23.72, changing hands as low as $23.29 per share. MYR Group Inc shares are currently trading off about 9.2% on the day.

May 5, 2016 4:41 PM EDT













MYR Group Inc. Announces First-Quarter 2016 Results


May 4, 2016 4:01 PM EDT













Myr Group Announces Appointment Of New Board Member


Apr 29, 2016 3:09 PM EDT













MYR Group Inc. Announces First-Quarter 2016 Earnings Release And Conference Call Schedule


Apr 27, 2016 4:00 PM EDT













Commit To Purchase MYR Group At $20, Earn 7.4% Annualized Using Options
Investors considering a purchase of MYR Group Inc stock, but tentative about paying the going market price of $24.25/share, might benefit from considering selling puts among the alternative strategies at their disposal. One interesting put contract in particular, is the October put at the $20 strike, which has a bid at the time of this writing of 80 cents.

Apr 7, 2016 11:56 AM EDT













MYR Group Breaks Below 200-Day Moving Average - Notable for MYRG
In trading on Tuesday, shares of MYR Group Inc crossed below their 200 day moving average of $24.29, changing hands as low as $24.03 per share. MYR Group Inc shares are currently trading down about 0.7% on the day.

Apr 5, 2016 11:47 AM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  ACLS, AMC, ASFI, COT, DCI, GOOG, MSA, MYRG, PII, SEM, VNOM
    
Downgrades:  AMCX, EDN, GSAT, IRDM, PYDS, SM
    
Initiations:  NCBS
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Mar 29, 2016 11:00 AM EDT



















Next






Load More









Quant Rating on 4:00 PM EDT 7/25/2017


C
(Hold)






Get the (MYRG) Report Here 







From Our Partners



MYR Group upgraded to Outperform at Baird

The Fly



MYR Group weakness a buying opportunity, says Canaccord

The Fly



MYR Group upgraded to Outperform from Neutral at Baird

The Fly



Midday Gainers / Losers

SeekingAlpha



MYR EPS of $0.07

SeekingAlpha



The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: MYR Group, Philip Morris International, Energizer Holdings, TreeHouse Foods and Unilever

Zacks



Ameresco (AMRC) Shows Strength: Stock Moves 7.4% Higher

Zacks



The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: CenterPoint Energy, MYR Group, Atlantica Yield and Polar Power

Zacks



Top Ranked Momentum Stocks to Buy for March 28th

Zacks



The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Ameren, MYR Group, NVR, Encore Wire and Alamos Gold

Zacks



MYR beats by $0.08, beats on revenue

SeekingAlpha



MYR Group downgraded to Market Perform from Outperform at Avondale

The Fly



MYR EPS in-line, beats on revenue

SeekingAlpha



MYR Group downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Baird

The Fly



MYR misses by $0.02, misses on revenue

SeekingAlpha



























TheStreet
Quant Rating:

C (Hold)



Get the (MYRG) Report Here 













 











Trending


We Found 9 Products on Amazon With Inflated Discount Rates


AMD Goes Berserk, and Facebook Trounces Snapchat -- Watch 'Five Before the Bell'


Ford and the Fed - 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Wednesday


Advanced Micro Devices Could Explode Another 17% Within Hours: Chart


AMD's Strong Guidance Points to Market Share Gains and More Could Be On the Way











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 














MYRG Stock Price - MYR Group Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: Nasdaq) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

AMD shares surge 10% premarket in response to upbeat earnings late Tuesday




Bulletin

Coca-Cola shares edge higher premarket as earnings beat expectations






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











DJIA F

21,580


20


0.09%











S&P F

2,476.25


2.25


0.09%











NASDAQ F

5,937.75


4.00


0.07%











Gold

1,252.90


-5.60


-0.44%











Silver

16.38


-0.162


-0.98%











Crude Oil

48.26


0.37


0.77%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



FCX 
14.7




NEM 
6.9




RRC 
6.9




CAT 
5.9






STX
-16.5




IPG
-13.3




MU
-5.6




WAT
-5.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








7:31a

Shares of Verizon are up 1.4% in premarket trade



7:30a

Ford reports Q2 earnings above Wall Street expectations, gives positive 2017 guidance



7:28a

3M stock price target raised to $210 from $202 at Stifel Nicolaus



7:26a

Dollar in holding pattern as investors wait for Fed’s signals on policy 



7:26a

AMD stock price target raised to $15 from $12 at Susquehanna



7:25a

Updated
Amazon earnings: With a dominant position in the U.S., analysts look abroad



7:25a

The allure of ‘damaged’ stocks as tech mania goes wild



7:25a

Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals upgraded to buy from hold at Stifel Nicolaus



7:24a

Advanced Micro Devices stock price target raised to $13 from $11 at Stifel Nicolaus



7:23a

Tupperware beats profit expectations buy misses on sales, to wind down Beauticontrol business












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


MYRG


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Nasdaq

 



MYRG
U.S.: Nasdaq


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


MYR Group Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateMYRGAlert



  


After Hours

Last Updated: Jul 25, 2017 5:09 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
31.56



0.00
0.00%



After Hours Volume:
846





Close
Chg
Chg %




$31.56
0.03
0.10%





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




67.01% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    74.9K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 111.9K
            





Open: 31.53
Close: 31.56



31.4300
Day Low/High
31.9800





Day Range



24.1508
52 Week Low/High
43.7700


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$31.53



Day Range
31.4300 - 31.9800



52 Week Range
24.1508 - 43.7700



Market Cap
$519.43M



Shares Outstanding
16.47M



Public Float
15.81M



Beta
0.98



Rev. per Employee
$258.47K



P/E Ratio
25.45



EPS
$1.24



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
168.22K
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
1.06%



Average Volume
111.85K




 


Performance




5 Day


2.73%







1 Month


2.25%







3 Month


-25.98%







YTD


-16.24%







1 Year


28.61%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones










MYR Group downgraded to neutral from outperform at RW Baird


Aug. 12, 2016 at 7:27 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Hot stocks to watch


Aug. 8, 2012 at 6:57 a.m. ET









Losing stock funds are now market leaders


Jul. 8, 2009 at 8:00 a.m. ET
by Jonathan Burton









Grid infrastructure firm MYR Group makes quiet return


Dec. 12, 2008 at 12:35 p.m. ET
by Steve Gelsi













Three Picks to Play Oil Pipelines


Aug. 5, 2016 at 7:50 a.m. ET
on Barron's










Stocks to Watch: Nike, General Mills, Bristol-Myers, Merck, Cintas

Mar. 23, 2016 at 9:43 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Pipeline, Transmission Picks to Buck Volatile Oil


Apr. 29, 2015 at 10:33 a.m. ET
on Barron's









Two Picks to Dig Into Pipelines, Shale Energy


Oct. 31, 2014 at 7:29 a.m. ET
on Barron's









Building Confidence in Infrastructure Stocks


Oct. 31, 2012 at 11:07 a.m. ET
on Barron's









Many Hard-Hit Stock Funds Stage Rebound This Year


Jul. 6, 2009 at 12:19 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc Buys PCSB Financial Corp, Anika Therapeutics Inc, Culp Inc, ...
Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc Buys PCSB Financial Corp, Anika Therapeutics Inc, Culp Inc, Sells Red Robin Gourmet Burgers Inc, TRC Inc, Fabrinet

Jul. 21, 2017 at 3:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





MYR Group Shares Offer A Good Business At A Good Price
MYR Group Shares Offer A Good Business At A Good Price

May. 5, 2017 at 9:50 a.m. ET
on benzinga.com





MYR Group's (MYRG) CEO Rick Swartz on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
MYR Group's (MYRG) CEO Rick Swartz on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

May. 4, 2017 at 3:49 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Why MYR Group Inc.'s Shares Plunged 20% Today


May. 4, 2017 at 2:49 p.m. ET
on Motley Fool





10-Q: MYR GROUP INC.
10-Q: MYR GROUP INC.

May. 3, 2017 at 4:07 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: MYR Group, Philip Morris International, Energizer Holdings, TreeHouse Foods and Unilever


Apr. 17, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Wall Street Gets Edgy on Geopolitical Concerns: 5 Safe Bets


Apr. 13, 2017 at 9:24 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





MYR Group (MYRG): Strong Industry, Solid Earnings Estimate Revisions


Apr. 3, 2017 at 8:47 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Ameresco (AMRC) Shows Strength: Stock Moves 7.4% Higher


Apr. 3, 2017 at 8:20 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: CenterPoint Energy, MYR Group, Atlantica Yield and Polar Power


Mar. 30, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





4 Stocks Value Investors Will Love in the Utility Sector


Mar. 29, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Top Ranked Momentum Stocks to Buy for March 28th


Mar. 28, 2017 at 8:58 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Top Ranked Momentum Stocks to Buy for March 22nd


Mar. 22, 2017 at 11:34 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Berkshire Hathaway, Huntington Ingalls Industries, Bravo Brio Restaurant Group, Children's Place, MYR Group and Cosan


Mar. 20, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





5 Solid Stocks Making the Most of March Madness (HII, BRBG, PLCE, MYRG, CZZ)


Mar. 20, 2017 at 6:30 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





5 Solid Stocks Making the Most of March Madness


Mar. 17, 2017 at 10:09 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Zacks.com featured highlights: Visteon, Micron Technology, Heidrick & Struggles International, Evercore Partners and MYR Group


Mar. 17, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Ameren, MYR Group, NVR, Encore Wire and Alamos Gold


Mar. 17, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





5 Biggest Winners from the Fed Rate Hike


Mar. 16, 2017 at 9:53 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





5 Best Stocks Boasting Impressive Relative Price Strength


Mar. 16, 2017 at 9:07 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com









MYR Group Inc. Announces First-Quarter 2017 Results
MYR Group Inc. Announces First-Quarter 2017 Results

May. 3, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR Group Inc. Announces First-Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule


Apr. 26, 2017 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR Group Inc. Announces Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Results


Mar. 9, 2017 at 4:39 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR Group Inc. Announces Fourth-Quarter 2016 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule


Mar. 2, 2017 at 5:21 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR Group Inc. Announces William A. Koertner Steps Down as President and Chief Executive Officer


Dec. 19, 2016 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR Group Inc. Announces Resignation of John P. Schauerman from Board of Directors


Nov. 29, 2016 at 4:03 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Primoris Services Corporation Appoints John P. Schauerman as a Member of Its Board of Directors


Nov. 15, 2016 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





MYR Group Inc. Announces Third-Quarter and First Nine-Months 2016 Results


Nov. 2, 2016 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR Group Inc. Acquires British Columbia Electrical Contractor  Western Pacific Enterprises


Oct. 31, 2016 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR Group Inc. Announces Third-Quarter 2016 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule


Oct. 26, 2016 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR Group Inc. Awarded Contract with Cross Texas Transmission to Construct Approximately 68 Miles of 345kV Transmission Line


Sep. 19, 2016 at 5:31 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR GROUP SHAREHOLDER ALERT - Andrews & Springer LLC Is Investigating MYR Group Inc. For Potential Breaches of Fiduciary Duty


Sep. 6, 2016 at 8:04 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR Group Inc. Announces Promotion of COO Richard Swartz to Executive Vice President


Sep. 1, 2016 at 4:05 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR GROUP (MYRG) SHAREHOLDER ALERT – Andrews & Springer LLC Is 
      Investigating MYR Group Inc. For Potential Breaches of Fiduciary Duty


Aug. 15, 2016 at 8:02 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





MYR Group Inc. Announces Second-Quarter and First-Half 2016 Results


Aug. 3, 2016 at 4:00 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR Group Inc. Announces Second-Quarter  2016 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule


Jul. 27, 2016 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire











MYR Group Inc.


            
            MYR Group, Inc. is a holding company, which engages in the provision of electrical construction services. It operates through the Transmission and Distribution; and Commercial and Industrial segments. The Transmission and Distribution segment provides design, engineering, procurement, construction, upgrade, maintenance, and repair services to high voltage transmission lines, substations, lower voltage underground, and overhead distribution systems. The Commercial and Industrial segment designs, installs, maintains, and repairs commercial and industrial wiring; traffic networks; and bridge, roadway, and tunnel lighting. The company was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in Rolling Meadows, IL.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 6
Full Ratings 





MYR Group Shares Offer A Good Business At A Good Price


May. 5, 2017 at 10:50 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Canaccord Lays Out The Case For Manufacturing Technology Stocks


Apr. 11, 2016 at 6:06 p.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





No More Proxy Fight For MYR Group


Mar. 23, 2016 at 10:33 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Matrix Service Co.
0.00%
$247.38M


Tetra Tech Inc.
0.85%
$2.68B


ENGlobal Corp.
-1.55%
$35.01M


Primoris Services Corp.
1.90%
$1.27B


MasTec Inc.
-1.07%
$3.87B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMD

-0.35%








NTDOY

-3.54%








F

-0.18%








FB

-0.43%








KO

0.89%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin

AMD shares surge 10% premarket in response to upbeat earnings late Tuesday »
        

Coca-Cola shares edge higher premarket as earnings beat expectations »
            




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




7:32 AM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:32aBoeing Q2 EPS $2.89 vs. per-share loss 37 cents a year ago
7:31aShares of Verizon are up 1.4% in premarket trade
7:30aFord reports Q2 earnings above Wall Street expectations, gives positive 2017 guidance
7:28a3M stock price target raised to $210 from $202 at Stifel Nicolaus
7:27aDollar in holding pattern as investors wait for Fed’s signals on policy 
7:26aAMD stock price target raised to $15 from $12 at Susquehanna
7:26aAmazon earnings: With a dominant position in the U.S., analysts look abroad
7:26aThe allure of ‘damaged’ stocks as tech mania goes wild
7:25aTetraphase Pharmaceuticals upgraded to buy from hold at Stifel Nicolaus
7:25aAdvanced Micro Devices stock price target raised to $13 from $11 at Stifel Nicolaus
7:24aTupperware beats profit expectations buy misses on sales, to wind down Beauticontrol business
7:24aAnthem raises outlook as plan enrollment rises
7:23aHershey reports Q2 profit, earnings beat and increases quarterly dividend
7:21aUS Steel shares up 8% premarket
7:19aElon Musk just burned Mark Zuckerberg in a tweet about AI
7:19aHershey raised quarterly dividend by 6% to about 66 cents on common stock, about 60 cents on class b stock
7:19aTesla Model S back at the top at Consumer Reports
7:19aAMD earnings give investors what they wanted — now it must deliver on servers
7:17aAmgen shares down 2.9% premarket
7:16aAmazon hosting job fair for 50,000 positions amid logistics hiring squeeze
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin

AMD shares surge 10% premarket in response to upbeat earnings late Tuesday »
        

Coca-Cola shares edge higher premarket as earnings beat expectations »
            




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




7:32 AM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:32aBoeing Q2 EPS $2.89 vs. per-share loss 37 cents a year ago
7:31aShares of Verizon are up 1.4% in premarket trade
7:30aFord reports Q2 earnings above Wall Street expectations, gives positive 2017 guidance
7:28a3M stock price target raised to $210 from $202 at Stifel Nicolaus
7:27aDollar in holding pattern as investors wait for Fed’s signals on policy 
7:26aAMD stock price target raised to $15 from $12 at Susquehanna
7:26aAmazon earnings: With a dominant position in the U.S., analysts look abroad
7:26aThe allure of ‘damaged’ stocks as tech mania goes wild
7:25aTetraphase Pharmaceuticals upgraded to buy from hold at Stifel Nicolaus
7:25aAdvanced Micro Devices stock price target raised to $13 from $11 at Stifel Nicolaus
7:24aTupperware beats profit expectations buy misses on sales, to wind down Beauticontrol business
7:24aAnthem raises outlook as plan enrollment rises
7:23aHershey reports Q2 profit, earnings beat and increases quarterly dividend
7:21aUS Steel shares up 8% premarket
7:19aElon Musk just burned Mark Zuckerberg in a tweet about AI
7:19aHershey raised quarterly dividend by 6% to about 66 cents on common stock, about 60 cents on class b stock
7:19aTesla Model S back at the top at Consumer Reports
7:19aAMD earnings give investors what they wanted — now it must deliver on servers
7:17aAmgen shares down 2.9% premarket
7:16aAmazon hosting job fair for 50,000 positions amid logistics hiring squeeze
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin

AMD shares surge 10% premarket in response to upbeat earnings late Tuesday »
        

Coca-Cola shares edge higher premarket as earnings beat expectations »
            




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




7:32 AM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:32aBoeing Q2 EPS $2.89 vs. per-share loss 37 cents a year ago
7:31aShares of Verizon are up 1.4% in premarket trade
7:30aFord reports Q2 earnings above Wall Street expectations, gives positive 2017 guidance
7:28a3M stock price target raised to $210 from $202 at Stifel Nicolaus
7:27aDollar in holding pattern as investors wait for Fed’s signals on policy 
7:26aAMD stock price target raised to $15 from $12 at Susquehanna
7:26aAmazon earnings: With a dominant position in the U.S., analysts look abroad
7:26aThe allure of ‘damaged’ stocks as tech mania goes wild
7:25aTetraphase Pharmaceuticals upgraded to buy from hold at Stifel Nicolaus
7:25aAdvanced Micro Devices stock price target raised to $13 from $11 at Stifel Nicolaus
7:24aTupperware beats profit expectations buy misses on sales, to wind down Beauticontrol business
7:24aAnthem raises outlook as plan enrollment rises
7:23aHershey reports Q2 profit, earnings beat and increases quarterly dividend
7:21aUS Steel shares up 8% premarket
7:19aElon Musk just burned Mark Zuckerberg in a tweet about AI
7:19aHershey raised quarterly dividend by 6% to about 66 cents on common stock, about 60 cents on class b stock
7:19aTesla Model S back at the top at Consumer Reports
7:19aAMD earnings give investors what they wanted — now it must deliver on servers
7:17aAmgen shares down 2.9% premarket
7:16aAmazon hosting job fair for 50,000 positions amid logistics hiring squeeze
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































MYRG Stock Price - MYR Group Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: Nasdaq) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

AMD shares surge 10% premarket in response to upbeat earnings late Tuesday




Bulletin

Coca-Cola shares edge higher premarket as earnings beat expectations






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











DJIA F

21,579


19


0.09%











S&P F

2,476.25


2.25


0.09%











NASDAQ F

5,937.50


3.75


0.06%











Gold

1,252.90


-5.60


-0.44%











Silver

16.38


-0.162


-0.98%











Crude Oil

48.26


0.37


0.77%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



FCX 
14.7




NEM 
6.9




RRC 
6.9




CAT 
5.9






STX
-16.5




IPG
-13.3




MU
-5.6




WAT
-5.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








7:32a

Boeing Q2 EPS $2.89 vs. per-share loss 37 cents a year ago



7:31a

Shares of Verizon are up 1.4% in premarket trade



7:30a

Ford reports Q2 earnings above Wall Street expectations, gives positive 2017 guidance



7:28a

3M stock price target raised to $210 from $202 at Stifel Nicolaus



7:26a

Dollar in holding pattern as investors wait for Fed’s signals on policy 



7:26a

AMD stock price target raised to $15 from $12 at Susquehanna



7:25a

Updated
Amazon earnings: With a dominant position in the U.S., analysts look abroad



7:25a

The allure of ‘damaged’ stocks as tech mania goes wild



7:25a

Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals upgraded to buy from hold at Stifel Nicolaus



7:24a

Advanced Micro Devices stock price target raised to $13 from $11 at Stifel Nicolaus












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


MYRG


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Nasdaq

 



MYRG
U.S.: Nasdaq


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


MYR Group Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateMYRGAlert



  


After Hours

Last Updated: Jul 25, 2017 5:09 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
31.56



0.00
0.00%



After Hours Volume:
846





Close
Chg
Chg %




$31.56
0.03
0.10%





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




67.01% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    74.9K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 111.9K
            





Open: 31.53
Close: 31.56



31.4300
Day Low/High
31.9800





Day Range



24.1508
52 Week Low/High
43.7700


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$31.53



Day Range
31.4300 - 31.9800



52 Week Range
24.1508 - 43.7700



Market Cap
$519.43M



Shares Outstanding
16.47M



Public Float
15.81M



Beta
0.98



Rev. per Employee
$258.47K



P/E Ratio
25.45



EPS
$1.24



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
168.22K
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
1.06%



Average Volume
111.85K




 


Performance




5 Day


2.73%







1 Month


2.25%







3 Month


-25.98%







YTD


-16.24%







1 Year


28.61%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones










MYR Group downgraded to neutral from outperform at RW Baird


Aug. 12, 2016 at 7:27 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Hot stocks to watch


Aug. 8, 2012 at 6:57 a.m. ET









Losing stock funds are now market leaders


Jul. 8, 2009 at 8:00 a.m. ET
by Jonathan Burton









Grid infrastructure firm MYR Group makes quiet return


Dec. 12, 2008 at 12:35 p.m. ET
by Steve Gelsi













Three Picks to Play Oil Pipelines


Aug. 5, 2016 at 7:50 a.m. ET
on Barron's










Stocks to Watch: Nike, General Mills, Bristol-Myers, Merck, Cintas

Mar. 23, 2016 at 9:43 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Pipeline, Transmission Picks to Buck Volatile Oil


Apr. 29, 2015 at 10:33 a.m. ET
on Barron's









Two Picks to Dig Into Pipelines, Shale Energy


Oct. 31, 2014 at 7:29 a.m. ET
on Barron's









Building Confidence in Infrastructure Stocks


Oct. 31, 2012 at 11:07 a.m. ET
on Barron's









Many Hard-Hit Stock Funds Stage Rebound This Year


Jul. 6, 2009 at 12:19 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc Buys PCSB Financial Corp, Anika Therapeutics Inc, Culp Inc, ...
Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc Buys PCSB Financial Corp, Anika Therapeutics Inc, Culp Inc, Sells Red Robin Gourmet Burgers Inc, TRC Inc, Fabrinet

Jul. 21, 2017 at 3:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





MYR Group Shares Offer A Good Business At A Good Price
MYR Group Shares Offer A Good Business At A Good Price

May. 5, 2017 at 9:50 a.m. ET
on benzinga.com





MYR Group's (MYRG) CEO Rick Swartz on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
MYR Group's (MYRG) CEO Rick Swartz on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

May. 4, 2017 at 3:49 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Why MYR Group Inc.'s Shares Plunged 20% Today


May. 4, 2017 at 2:49 p.m. ET
on Motley Fool





10-Q: MYR GROUP INC.
10-Q: MYR GROUP INC.

May. 3, 2017 at 4:07 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: MYR Group, Philip Morris International, Energizer Holdings, TreeHouse Foods and Unilever


Apr. 17, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Wall Street Gets Edgy on Geopolitical Concerns: 5 Safe Bets


Apr. 13, 2017 at 9:24 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





MYR Group (MYRG): Strong Industry, Solid Earnings Estimate Revisions


Apr. 3, 2017 at 8:47 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Ameresco (AMRC) Shows Strength: Stock Moves 7.4% Higher


Apr. 3, 2017 at 8:20 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: CenterPoint Energy, MYR Group, Atlantica Yield and Polar Power


Mar. 30, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





4 Stocks Value Investors Will Love in the Utility Sector


Mar. 29, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Top Ranked Momentum Stocks to Buy for March 28th


Mar. 28, 2017 at 8:58 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Top Ranked Momentum Stocks to Buy for March 22nd


Mar. 22, 2017 at 11:34 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Berkshire Hathaway, Huntington Ingalls Industries, Bravo Brio Restaurant Group, Children's Place, MYR Group and Cosan


Mar. 20, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





5 Solid Stocks Making the Most of March Madness (HII, BRBG, PLCE, MYRG, CZZ)


Mar. 20, 2017 at 6:30 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





5 Solid Stocks Making the Most of March Madness


Mar. 17, 2017 at 10:09 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Zacks.com featured highlights: Visteon, Micron Technology, Heidrick & Struggles International, Evercore Partners and MYR Group


Mar. 17, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Ameren, MYR Group, NVR, Encore Wire and Alamos Gold


Mar. 17, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





5 Biggest Winners from the Fed Rate Hike


Mar. 16, 2017 at 9:53 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





5 Best Stocks Boasting Impressive Relative Price Strength


Mar. 16, 2017 at 9:07 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com









MYR Group Inc. Announces First-Quarter 2017 Results
MYR Group Inc. Announces First-Quarter 2017 Results

May. 3, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR Group Inc. Announces First-Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule


Apr. 26, 2017 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR Group Inc. Announces Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Results


Mar. 9, 2017 at 4:39 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR Group Inc. Announces Fourth-Quarter 2016 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule


Mar. 2, 2017 at 5:21 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR Group Inc. Announces William A. Koertner Steps Down as President and Chief Executive Officer


Dec. 19, 2016 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR Group Inc. Announces Resignation of John P. Schauerman from Board of Directors


Nov. 29, 2016 at 4:03 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Primoris Services Corporation Appoints John P. Schauerman as a Member of Its Board of Directors


Nov. 15, 2016 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





MYR Group Inc. Announces Third-Quarter and First Nine-Months 2016 Results


Nov. 2, 2016 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR Group Inc. Acquires British Columbia Electrical Contractor  Western Pacific Enterprises


Oct. 31, 2016 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR Group Inc. Announces Third-Quarter 2016 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule


Oct. 26, 2016 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR Group Inc. Awarded Contract with Cross Texas Transmission to Construct Approximately 68 Miles of 345kV Transmission Line


Sep. 19, 2016 at 5:31 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR GROUP SHAREHOLDER ALERT - Andrews & Springer LLC Is Investigating MYR Group Inc. For Potential Breaches of Fiduciary Duty


Sep. 6, 2016 at 8:04 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR Group Inc. Announces Promotion of COO Richard Swartz to Executive Vice President


Sep. 1, 2016 at 4:05 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR GROUP (MYRG) SHAREHOLDER ALERT – Andrews & Springer LLC Is 
      Investigating MYR Group Inc. For Potential Breaches of Fiduciary Duty


Aug. 15, 2016 at 8:02 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





MYR Group Inc. Announces Second-Quarter and First-Half 2016 Results


Aug. 3, 2016 at 4:00 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





MYR Group Inc. Announces Second-Quarter  2016 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule


Jul. 27, 2016 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire











MYR Group Inc.


            
            MYR Group, Inc. is a holding company, which engages in the provision of electrical construction services. It operates through the Transmission and Distribution; and Commercial and Industrial segments. The Transmission and Distribution segment provides design, engineering, procurement, construction, upgrade, maintenance, and repair services to high voltage transmission lines, substations, lower voltage underground, and overhead distribution systems. The Commercial and Industrial segment designs, installs, maintains, and repairs commercial and industrial wiring; traffic networks; and bridge, roadway, and tunnel lighting. The company was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in Rolling Meadows, IL.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 6
Full Ratings 





MYR Group Shares Offer A Good Business At A Good Price


May. 5, 2017 at 10:50 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Canaccord Lays Out The Case For Manufacturing Technology Stocks


Apr. 11, 2016 at 6:06 p.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





No More Proxy Fight For MYR Group


Mar. 23, 2016 at 10:33 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Matrix Service Co.
0.00%
$247.38M


Tetra Tech Inc.
0.85%
$2.68B


ENGlobal Corp.
-1.55%
$35.01M


Primoris Services Corp.
1.90%
$1.27B


MasTec Inc.
-1.07%
$3.87B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMD

-0.35%








NTDOY

-3.54%








F

-0.18%








FB

-0.43%








KO

0.89%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.














MYR Group|Electrical Construction Company|National Electrical Contractor


































MYR Group








BUILD YOURSELF WITH US.
For more than a century, we’ve built more than the electrical infrastructure that powers the U.S. and Canada. We’ve built strong and dedicated employees who have fueled our continued success.
Learn more …





CONNECTING POWER TO PEOPLE.
FOR MORE THAN A CENTURY.
With roots dating to 1891 and more than 4,600 employees in North America, MYR Group has delivered some of the largest transmission, distribution and substation projects.
Learn more …






HERE TODAY.
HERE TOMORROW.

Our extensive presence, sizable assortment of experienced personnel and equipment allow us to mobilize resources anywhere throughout the U.S. and Canada to execute projects of all scopes and sizes.
Learn more …




SAFETY IS LIFE.
It sustains our employees, customers and company, and is an MYR Group core value.
Our culture embraces constant innovation and improvement …
Learn more …







Press Releases



May 3, 2017: 
                        MYR Group Inc. Announces First – Quarter 2017 Results                    



April 26, 2017: 
                        MYR Group Inc. Announces First-Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule                    


News



July 18, 2017: 
                        Sturgeon Electric Demonstrates Value-Add through Innovative Lean Practices on Downtown Denver Office Building                    



July 6, 2017: 
                        High Flying Line Workers Help Dominion Meet Tight Deadline                    




Welcome
With roots dating to 1891 and more than 4,600 employees in the U.S. and Canada, MYR Group has delivered some of North America’s largest transmission, distribution and substation projects and is consistently recognized as one of the top 5 specialty electrical contracting firms by Engineering News-Record (ENR).
MYR Group consists of the following subsidiaries: The L.E. Myers Co.; Sturgeon Electric Company, Inc.; Harlan Electric Company; MYR Transmission Services, Inc.; Great Southwestern Construction, Inc.; E.S. Boulos Company; High Country Line Construction, Inc., GSW  Integrated Services, LLC and MYR Group Construction Canada, Ltd., consisting of three  subsidiaries: MYR Transmission Services Canada, Ltd., Northern Transmission Services, Ltd. and Western Pacific Enterprises Ltd.
 




Lexington-Dooms Conductor Connections

L.E. Myers’ qualified line workers were deployed by helicopter to work on the newly rebuilt 39-mile Lexington-Dooms transmission line. The time-sensitive project ensured successful energization in late 2016.
Continue Reading


Antelope Valley to Judson Project
 Great Southwestern Construction, Inc. successfully finished construction of the 144-mile Antelope Valley Station to Judson transmission line for Basin Electric Power Cooperative in North Dakota.
Continue Reading


Value-Add through Innovative Lean Practices 

Sturgeon Electric’s C&I division demonstrates value-add through innovative lean practices with successfully construction of the nine-story, 245,000 square-foot Support Services Building for Denver Health Hospital Administration.
Continue Reading






x




























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


