


















Peter Nachtwey





















Menu









Log In or Register 


Fluid Power Basics 

Hydraulic Valves 

Hydraulic Pumps & Motors 

Cylinders and Actuators 

Directories 

Resources 

Experts 

Magazine 



Equipment Product Directory 

The Business of Manufacturing 

Design with Mechanical 

Design for Electronics 

Manufacturing & Technology Conference 



Newsletter 

About Us 

Contact 

Advertise 

Privacy Policy 

Terms of Service 

Ad Choices 



















 




Search 

Log In 

Register 





























Recent




Recent





            Rodless Cylinders Handle It All            



Jul 25, 2017 








            10 Must-Have Skills for All Engineers            



Jul 21, 2017 














            Preventive Maintenance Goes Soft            



Jul 18, 2017 








            The Engineer’s Travel Bucket List            



Jul 17, 2017 








            Need a Fire-Resistant Hydraulic Fluid?            



Jul 13, 2017 







Featured





            International Fluid Power Conference Extends Call for Papers            



May 16, 2017 








            Conference Addresses “Trumpanomics,” Global Fluid Power Industry            



May 02, 2017 








            Troubleshooting Challenge: No Pressure on a Simple System            



Jul 13, 2017 








            7 Common Failures of Hydraulic Seals            



Jul 12, 2017 

























Peter  Nachtwey
President, , Delta Computer Systems Inc.



[email protected]
Delta Computer Systems



Peter’s Recent activity





 






              Filter noise to improve machine productivity              



Jan 13, 2013 


        Two key considerations in machine design and integration are productivity improvement and cost control — how to increase plant output while reducing the amount of maintenance required.      








              Electrohydraulics keep oilfield operations flowing              



Oct 12, 2010 


        Electrohydraulic motion controllers offer great versatility when it comes to fluid handling, monitoring, and control.      














              Pressure transducers boost precision and reliability              



Mar 08, 2009 


        
Closed-loop control of machinery is key to improving productivity and decreasing life cycle costs. In hydraulic applications where exerting a precise pressure is required, automated monitoring of hydraulic pressure i...      








              Working Under Pressure: Using a Motion Controller for Pressure Control              



Sep 14, 2008 


        Closed-loop control methods control pressure more accurately than pressure relief valves or pressure regulators.      








              Closed-Loop Control Simplifies Cyclical Testing              



Apr 15, 2008 


        
 Figure 1. Hydraulic leaf spring tester controls both position and force being exerted by the actuator.  Fluid power often is the first choice whenever a predictable amount of force must be exerted, where the compres...      








              Rotary encoders are good for your system              



Oct 17, 2007 


        When working with high precision rotating machinery, like that in the lumber industry, encoders can make your life much easier.      








              The Truth About Problem Valves              



Jun 12, 2007 


        Choose and use your valves wisely to achieve precise control.      








              Accumulators: The unsung heroes of hydraulic motion control              



Dec 28, 2006 


        Accumulators can conserve energy, make systems easier to control, and extend a machine's useful life, making them especially important for electrohydraulic motion control systems      








              Choosing the right valve for closed-loop electrohydraulic control              



Apr 12, 2006 


        Good design practices are essential for achieving high speed and high precision in hydraulic servo motion control applications.      








              Get More from Closed-Loop Control              



Sep 05, 2005 


        Upgrading machines with closed-loop electrohydraulic control can boost performance to as good as or better than new machines.      
Load More
1
2
next
last
Load More 












































 





































Peter Nachtwey






































Home » Authors » Peter Nachtwey


Peter Nachtwey
Peter Nachtwey of Delta Computer Systems Inc. For more information, visit www.deltamotion.com.

Articles




ARTICLES







NDT - Case Study
Accurate Aircraft Testing


Peter Nachtwey


November 19, 2013
No Comments

To ensure that the readings on a scale designed to weigh aircraft are accurate, the test system used to calibrate the scale needs to be even more accurate in applying test loads.Read More


















Subscribe For Free!













More Videos




Sponsored Content




                Sponsored Content is a special paid section where industry companies provide high quality, objective, non-commercial content around topics of interest to the Quality audience. All Sponsored Content is supplied by the advertising company. Interested in participating in our Sponsored Content section? Contact your local rep.
Close







Sponsored By
InfinityQS International


5 Steps to Quality–Driven Profits

Imagine driving down the interstate at full speed—when you can see only 2% of the road.
Nerve-wracking? Nightmare-inducing? Sure. But manufacturing companies of every size and in every industry hinge product quality, customer satisfaction, and ultimately profitability on only about 2% of the available quality data. No wonder quality managers are losing sleep.

















Events

August 23, 2017
3D Vision Inspection
This webinar will discuss one of the most popular, 3D vision inspection, which provides what is most important to discrete manufacturers--accuracy, speed and portability--for a host of applications, from high-accuracy to high-volume.


View All
Submit An Event




Poll
Topics to Talk About

What topics would you like to see Quality cover more?



CMMs



Gages and Gaging



Calibration



Machine Vision, Imaging, and Sensors



Nondestructive Testing & Technology



Other (Click link to our social media page to tell us more)




View Results
Poll Archive


Products






Quality Brain Teasers: Real World Challenges to Build Your Manufacturing Skills (ebook)

Assessments and Training in the following areas...


See More Products















Quality Magazine





2017 July
Check out the July 2017 edition of Quality: Calibration and Measurement Systems: The Unsung Hero in Quality Efforts, NDT and Aerospace, and much more!
View More
Subscribe





Copyright ©2017. All Rights Reserved BNP Media.
Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing


























    Peter Nachtwey | Delta Computer Systems Inc | ZoomInfo.com



Peter Nachtwey  Obituary  - Clarion, Pennsylvania - Tributes.com


















































- ADVERTISEMENT -















		Play Music
	


		Pause Music
	



A
A
A










Tweet





Help





 | 

Login

 | 

Sign Up











 Obituary Search Advanced Search


State
AL
AK
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DC
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
PR
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VA
WA
WI
WV
WY

















Obituary   Search

Advanced Search
Browse by Location
Browse Most Recent
Browse by Date
Find a Funeral Home




Celebrity Deaths

Celebrity Death News
Celebrity Deaths by Category
This Week in History
Year in Review





Sympathy Flowersby your Local Florist



CreateObituary


Grief RecoveryCenter



					Start a Family Tree
	                





Find aFuneral Home











Celebrity Obituaries

Review this week's trending celebrity news stories









Peter Hamilton Nachtwey Obituary
			











Remember
		


Peter Hamilton Nachtwey



                	January 25, 1927 - February  2, 2017
                	
                	
                		




                    Clarion, Pennsylvania
                    



Set a Reminder for the Anniversaryof Peter's Passing




Forward to Family & Friends




Share a Memory




Print



Contact Support


Upgrade


Death Certificates












Obituary










Share This Obituary

















Make a Memorial Donation

		Tributes.com partners with over 100 national charities. It's easy and secure.
	
Donate











			Obituary
        


Funeral Services


Send Condolences


Upgrade


Memory Book











							SignMemory Book
							




							Record An Audio Memory
							




						Light A Candle
						














Sympathy Flowers


				
					Delivery Details provided by Funeral Home
				
			






Peter was born on January 25, 1927 and passed away on Thursday, February 2, 2017.
Peter was a resident of Clarion, Pennsylvania at the time of passing.
He obtained a Master's in Education from Columbia University and a Ph.D. in Psychology from the University of Pittsburgh.
Peter proudly served as an officer in the United States Navy during World War II and the Korean War.
Peter was married to Rosemary.
Peter's family will receive visitors at the Immaculate Conception Church on Main Street in Clarion on Wednesday February 8 2017 from 10-11 a.m. Mass of Christian Burial will follow at 11:00 a.m. at the church with Father Monty Sayers officiating. Interment will be in the Immaculate Conception Cemetery in Clarion.
In lieu of flowers memorial contributions may be made the University Hospital Geauga Medical Center Harrington Heart and Vascular Capital Fund 13207 Ravenna Road Chardon OH 44024.




Send Flowers












Send Condolences

Previous





Send Flowerss





Send Food





Plant a Tree in the Holy Land





Send a Personalized Card





Plant a Tree in the U.S.



Make a Donation




Send a Soup Gift Basket





Create An Oral History





Support Library





Plant Trees in Israel





Memorial Cards & Bookmarks




Next







SEARCH OTHER SOURCES








Peter's family will receive visitors at the Immaculate Conception Church on Main Street in Clarion on Wednesday February 8 2017 from 10-11 a.m.  Mass of Christian Burial will follow at 11:00 a.m. at the church with Father Monty Sayers officiating.  Interment will be in the Immaculate Conception Cemetery in Clarion.











Create An Online Memorial For Peter Hamilton Nachtwey
The beautiful and interactive Eternal Tribute tells Peter's life story the way it deserves to be told in words, pictures and video.
Create an online memorial to tell that story for generations to come, creating a permanent place for family and friends to honor the memory of your loved one.
Select An Online Memorial Product:


Photo Obituary
						



Eternal Tribute
					



Military Tribute
					





View Example


View Example


View Example




View Example




$10.00
			
				
		Photo Obituary
		
Share that special photograph of your loved one with everyone. Document family connections, service information, special times and priceless moments for all to remember and cherish forever with support for unlimited copy.

Processing...

Upgrade





View Example




$50.00
			
		
		Eternal Tribute
	

Online multimedia memorial with unlimited pictures, videos, music and more
Elegant, immersive format honors your loved one
Customizable themes, backgrounds and music give it that personal touch
Interactive Guest Book lets everyone share their memories and provide support


Processing...

Upgrade





			Tributes.com online obituaries now support Integrated Fundraisers powered by:
			
			If you create a GiveForward Fundraiser with your online obituary, it will be provided at no charge (a $50 value, discounted at checkout).
		








View Example




$50.00
			
		
		Military Tribute
		
	

Enjoy all the features of the Eternal Tribute
Preserve the memory and sacrifices of a loved one’s national service
Choose from five elegant military branch themes
Highlight military service details
Unlimited photos and military record information


Processing...

Upgrade













				Leave A Memory
			






							SignMemory Book
							




							Record An Audio Memory
							




						Light A Candle
						












Send Condolences




Send Flowerss





Send Food





Plant a Tree in the Holy Land





Send a Personalized Card





Plant a Tree in the U.S.



Make a Donation




Send a Soup Gift Basket





Create An Oral History





Support Library





Plant Trees in Israel





Memorial Cards & Bookmarks


















- ADVERTISEMENT -

















At Tributes.com we believe that Every Life has a Story  that deserves to be told and preserved.
Tributes.com is the online source for current local and national obituary news and a supportive community where friends and family can come together during times of loss and grieving to honor the memories of their loved ones with lasting personal tributes.
© 2017 Tributes, Inc. All rights reserved.

Terms of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Site Map




About

About Us
Media Center
Advertise with Us
Join our Media Network
Visit Legacy.com




Partners

Funeral Home Partners
Television & Radio Partners
Business Partners



Customer Service

FAQ
Contact Us
Latest Obituaries
Pet Tributes



Funeral Homes

Find a Funeral Home
Become a Partner
Partner Information
Funeral Home Central




























Peter H Nachtwey - Shippenville, PA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



Shippenville



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            Peter H Nachtwey
                                    



 





















P 


Peter H Nachtwey
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



317 HIGHLAND DR SHIPPENVILLE, PA 16254
Get Directions



(814) 223-9576





Business Info



 Founded 2006
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $67,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts Peter Nachtwey







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2006 the company has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Delta’s Nachtwey Presents at IFPE Las Vegas 2014


















Motion Control... and More.

Home
Products
Company
Applications
Education
Downloads
Contact
Support

CompanyNewslettersCompany ProfilePress ReleasesEventsEmploymentDistributorsAlliances & MembershipsSystems IntegrationSales RegionsAdvertisements

Resources

Page as PDF



Press Release
Delta’s Nachtwey Presents at IFPE Las Vegas 2014
January 31, 2014 — Battle Ground, WA — Delta Computer Systems, Inc. is pleased to announce that Peter Nachtwey, Delta’s President, will deliver a technical presentation at the IFPE Technical Conference in Las Vegas Nevada during March 4-8, 2014.  This presentation will be discussing Servo Motion Control using Custom Feedback presented in the Controls: Analysis, Performance and Systems portion of the conference.  Features will include Feedback switching, redundant feedback, feedback linearization and mathematical combinations of various feedback devices.  These features within custom feedback are being applied in practical applications when hydraulic applications utilize modern day motion controllers.

	This presentation will center on the value of motion control for position, velocity and force control during forming in a deep draw process. "Use of hydraulics  allows for an attractive solution for applying large loads across a small area such as that needed for drawing metals", stated Barney Raye, President of Multi-press.  This capability along with other features related to precision force sequences in the motion controller allowed our company to deliver greater performance and flexibility to our customers, Raye added.
	



Peter E. Nachtwey, PresidentDelta Computer Systems, Inc. 


This international IFPE venue gives OEMs, end users and distributors the opportunity to learn about the latest industrial fluid power technology. "Every year we are adding customer-requested features to Delta’s high performance closed-loop hydraulic motion control to serve projects worldwide," stated Delta CEO, Steve Nylund. "This presentation will delve into the technology and benefits of custom feedback, and demonstrate how it can help solve problems in fluid power motion applications," Nylund added.

The high performance motion control products that Delta designs, manufactures and markets are used worldwide for hydraulic, pneumatic and electric closed-loop control in a wide array of single and multi-axis applications, including testing, food, energy, automotive, entertainment, plastics, materials, aerospace, metals, forest products and others.
About Delta Computer Systems: For more than 30 years, Delta has supplied motion controllers, color sensors, and other industrial products that enable OEMs & integrators to build better machines.  For more information contact Bill Savela, Delta Computer Systems, Inc. 1818 SE 17th Street, Battle Ground,  WA. 98604. PPhone +1-360-254-8688, fax +1-360-254-5435, or email technicalsales@deltamotion.com. Editor: reference IFPE 2014.




Follow Us




Products |
		Company |
		Applications |
		Downloads |
		Education |
		Support |
		Contact |
		Site Map

Discussion Forum |
		Buy |
		Distributor Information |
		Distributor Only Area
Copyright ©2017 Delta Computer Systems, Inc.


 
 

































Pressing need for hydraulic servos





















Menu









Log In or Register 


Industrial Automation 

3D Printing 

Motion Control 

Materials 

Mechanical 

Resources 

Experts 

Magazine 



Design with Electronics 

Equipment Product Directory 

The Business of Manufacturing 

Manufacturing & Technology Conference 

Hydraulics & Pneumatics 



Newsletter 

About Us 

Contact 

Advertise 

Privacy Policy 

Terms of Service 

Ad Choices 



















 




Search 

Log In 

Register 





























Recent




Recent

sponsored content




            Reducing Your Energy Demand, Through IIoT            










            3D Printing Setting Sail for New Horizons            



Jul 24, 2017 














            10 Must-Have Skills for All Engineers            



Jul 21, 2017 








            Heavy Metal and 3D printing            



Jul 20, 2017 








            Mach Machines: Faster than the Speed of Sound            



Jul 18, 2017 







Featured





            The Engineer’s Travel Bucket List            



Jul 17, 2017 








            Engineers: TV’s New Reality Stars            



Jul 10, 2017 








            A Brief History of Brilliant Women            



Jul 07, 2017 








            UL Assessed the Safety of 3D Printing            



Jul 02, 2017 


















 










Machine Design 
brought to you by





Technologies>Hydraulics Pressing need for hydraulic servos


    Makers of stamping presses and die casters increasingly use servocontrols to boost throughput while minimizing equipment wear and tear.  

Jan 24, 2008


































The trend is clear: More   and more metalworking   presses are going with servocontrol.   “At trade shows,   you increasingly see only   hydraulic servos or presses   running off cranks,” says   Delta Computer Systems   Inc. President Peter   Nachtwey. “But customers   tell us they use hydraulic   servos because they make   a variety of parts. Crank   presses are limited.”  Delta Computer, in   Vancouver, Wash., says   makers of small presses   (capacities below about   25 tons) often do   the controls work   themselves. But   bigger or morec   omp l i c a t e d   unit s demand   specialists. For   example, “Powder-   metal presses   can be difficult   because of their   two concentric   cylinders,” explains   Nachtwey.   “A lot of press   makers are better   at bending metal than devising   controls, and they tend to customize   machines extensively. Each is   unique and that often gets them   into trouble.”  Complicating the control-design   process is a lack of information   about hydraulic components.   “You often don’t get useful specs   from hydraulic-component makers,”   says Nachtwey. “Big OEMs   just can’t get valve manufacturers   to give them transfer functions or equations that describe how components work as a function of input, so they’ll work on it until they know more about the valve than the manufacturer does.”  Another complicating factor is   that servos for hydraulic presses   aren’t built in the same way as ordinary   positioning systems. Typical   positioning servos have a velocity-   feedback loop running within   a position-feedback loop. But hydraulic   servos usually don’t employ   velocity feedback. “You only need   a velocity loop if you are controlling torque,” says Nachtwey. “It is   also easy to end up with overlapping   gains between the two loops.   This can, in turn, produce more   poles in the transfer function, depending   on how that inner loop is   implemented.”  Most press systems use different   loops depending on where the   cylinder is in the cycle. A position   loop typically manages the cylinder   until it nears the end of the stroke.   At that point, a second loop takes   over using pressure as the feedback   parameter.  During the part of the stroke   controlled by the position loop, the   goal is to give the moving press the   right amount of kinetic energy that   will generate the right amount of   work for the forming action. The   goal is somewhat different in the   case of a die-casting press, however.   There, designers generally   are unconcerned with balancing   the kinetic energy involved. They   usually opt for generating as much   force as possible during the stroke,   then control gets handed off to the   pressure loop.  “If you move too slowly under the control of the position loop,   pressure builds up as you are forming   the part. Move too fast and   pressure will spike too high because   you can’t remove the excess   kinetic energy through the servovalve,”   says Nachtwey.  The change from position to   pressure/force control can take   place by various means. One is   to use some criteria for when the   changeover should take place.   The triggering event can be a   pressure/force setpoint, a specific   rate-of-change, or a combination   of factors.  The transition from control via   the position loop to the force loop   can be tricky because of instability   in the process. So some controls   run position and pressure loops simultaneously.   This creates smooth   transitions between position and   pressure/force modes because the   controller is always comparing the   control signal from the position   and pressure/force. It uses the lowest   of the two to control the output.   This lets the actuator go to position   or force mode, depending on   which setpoint is reached first. The scheme works because the control   output goes to zero when either   the position or the pressure/force   reach their respective setpoints.  An example of this approach   comes from machine builder   EUROelectronics srl in Italy. The firm devised a control system   for a high-speed die casting   press that has a hydraulic cylinder   moving at up to 7.5 m/sec.   Controls monitor cylinder position   and compare it against operator-   entered values.  The high speeds and pressures   involved dictate that the position   loop controlling the cylinder   close at a minimum 1-kHz rate.   Similarly, the system closes a loop   around a pressure sensor to manage   the cylinder as it nears the end   of the stroke. The pressure sensor   loop closes every few milliseconds.  In a 1-msec scanning cycle,   the controller measures valve   position, calculates cylinder   speed, compares both to the   setpoint, then corrects cylinder   movement using a PID (proportional,   integral, and derivative)   algorithm. Controls watch pressure   values in the front and back   of the cylinder to avoid instantaneous   pressure peaks and keep   the hydraulic circuit balanced. The hydraulic servovalve has   a distinctive nonlinear behavior,   so its PID tuning is via a linearization   table of valve-response values.   The resulting algorithm is a way to   schedule PID gain so the system   gets accurate responses at low velocities   (from 0.05 to 0.30 m/sec   when the cylinder starts moving)   and at the 7.5 m/sec maximum velocity.   Designers also applied feedforward   and smoothing to the PID   command signal to ensure the cylinder   would smoothly transition   into its rapid-movement mode at   the right point.  The position-loop controller   is a CompactRIO device from   National Instruments Corp. An   FPGA on the controller synthesizes   an interface for the cylinder   position encoders, basically linear   magnetic stripe sensors. The FPGA   accepts signals from these sensors   via two high-speed digital inputs   with no intermediate amplification   or processing. All programming   was done in NI LabView and used   the real-time version of LabView.  Pressure control starts when the   piston reaches the end of its movement   and the die cavity is full of   metal. At this point, a conventional   PLC takes control of the machine   and drives a separate servovalve different   from the one controlling piston   movement. The CompactRIO   controller communicates with the   PLC through an Ethernet port.  A supervising application developed   using NI LabWindows/CVI   also runs on the CompactRIO. This   operator interface lets supervisory   software define the cylinder’s injection   profile in two ways, either by   inputting numerical values, or by   drawing profiles interactively using   a graphical procedure. The operator   also can set various machinecycle   parameters, including position,   velocity, pressure, and time.  A PCI-6025E data-acquisition   board feeds diagnostic signals to   the supervisory software such as   position, pressure, and temperature   profiles for each injection.   Machine-monitoring software plots machine operation and calculates various control values such as mean and peak velocities, times, pressures, and temperatures.  EUROelectronics engineers say   National Instruments software and   hardware made it possible to go   from prototyping to the final machine   setup in only three weeks. A die-casting machine designed by EUROelectronics srl in Italy uses a position loop to manage cylinder position during the stroke, and a pressure loop to manage operations once the die is full of metal. A CompactRIO controller from National Instruments Corp. runs the position loop and communicates with a PLC which takes charge of the pressure loop. The diagram shows two servoloops used in typical press and diecasting machines. As described by Delta Computer Systems Inc., a position loop manages servovalves controlling cylinder movement during most of the stroke. As the cylinder nears the end of travel, a servoloop using pressure (or a load cell) as feedback takes over to avert problems from pressure spikes that can arise during this part of the cycle. Designers often use feed-forward inputs to smooth the transition from position-loop to pressure-loop control. Hydraulic powdercompaction presses from Precision Compacting Technologies use both position and pressure servoloops. The Bentonville, Ark., firm makes and rebuilds presses. Hydraulic models come in 15, 125, 250, and 550-ton versions and use controls from Delta Computer Systems Inc.


      TAGS:              Archive 


0 comments 


Hide comments

Comment *


More information about text formats
Text format 
CommentsPlain text

CommentsAllowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p>Plain textNo HTML tags allowed.Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically.Lines and paragraphs break automatically.

PublishLog in or register to comment






Home page 


Save
 






RelatedSponsored Content7 Tips for Designing or Specifying the Right Hydraulic Power UnitJul 17, 2017Sponsored ContentHydraulics Application GuideJun 29, 2017Sponsored ContentUnderstanding Hydraulic Hose ReinforcementJun 07, 2017Sponsored ContentGates Safe Hydraulics Pocket GuideJun 07, 2017 
Load More





















































        Carlyle’s Nachtwey Discusses His Move to Legg Mason - Deal Journal - WSJ
    



















































































































DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY








News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.

DOW JONES

Barron's
BigCharts
DJX
Dow Jones Newswires
Factiva
Financial News
Mansion Global
MarketWatch


Newsmart
NewsPlus
Private Markets
Risk & Compliance
WSJ.com
WSJ Pro
WSJ Conference
WSJ Video



NEWS CORP

Big Decisions
Business Spectator
Checkout51
Harper Collins
New York Post
PropTiger
REA


realtor.com
Storyful
The Australian
The Sun
The Times













Stoxx 600
▲

382.74
0.52%



 


Nikkei
▲

20079.64
0.15%



 


U.S. 10 Yr
▲

1/32 yield
2.284%



 


Crude Oil
▲

48.66
-0.18%



 


Euro
▲

1.1729
-0.04%



 


DJIA
▲

21711.01
0.45%



 











Subscribe Now
Sign In





The Wall Street Journal




Sections



                    My Journal
                    
                  





Home


World


U.S.


Politics


Economy


Business


Tech


Markets


Opinion


Arts


Life


Real Estate


Today's Paper


SHOW ALL SECTIONS
HIDE ALL SECTIONS




World Home


Africa
Asia
Canada
China
Europe
Latin America
Middle East


Economy


World Video




U.S. Home


Economy
Law
New York
Politics


Real Time Economics
Washington Wire


Journal Report
U.S. Video
What's News Podcast




Politics Home


Washington Wire


Politics Video
WSJ/NBC News Poll




Economy Home


Real Time Economics


Economic Forecasting Survey
Economy Video




Business Home


Management
Tech/WSJ.D


Aerospace & Defense
Autos & Transportation
Commercial Real Estate
Consumer Products
Energy
Entrepreneurship
Financial Services
Food & Services
Health Care
Hospitality
Law
Manufacturing
Media & Marketing
Natural Resources
Retail


CFO Journal
CIO Journal
CMO Today
Logistics Report
Risk & Compliance


Heard on the Street


Business Video
Journal Report
Business Podcast




Tech Home


CIO Journal


Geoffrey Fowler
Christopher Mims
Joanna Stern
Li Yuan


Billion Dollar Startup Club
Tech Video
Tech Podcast
Startup Stock Trader




Markets Home


Bonds
Commercial Real Estate
Commodities & Futures
Currencies
Deals
Financial Services
Funds
Stocks
Your Money


Heard on the Street
MoneyBeat
Wealth Adviser
Ahead of the Tape


CFO Journal
Journal Report
Market Data
Markets Video
Markets Podcast
MoneyBeat Podcast
Watching Your Wealth Podcast




Opinion Home


James Freeman
William A. Galston
Daniel Henninger
Holman W. Jenkins
William McGurn
Peggy Noonan
Mary Anastasia O'Grady
Jason Riley
Kimberley A. Strassel


Books
Film
Television
Theater
Art
Masterpiece Series
Music
Dance
Opera
Exhibition
Cultural Commentary


Editorials
Commentary
Letters to the Editor
The Weekend Interview
Potomac Watch Podcast
Foreign Edition Podcast
Opinion Video
Notable & Quotable
Best of the Web Newsletter
Morning Editorial Report Newsletter




Arts Home


Books
Film
Television
Theater
Art
Masterpiece Series


Arts Video
WSJ. Magazine




Life Home


Careers
Cars
Food & Drink
Health
Ideas
Real Estate
Science
Sports
Style & Fashion
Travel


Life Video
WSJ. Magazine
WSJ Puzzles
The Future of Everything




Real Estate Home


Commercial Real Estate
House of the Day
Mansion


Real Estate Video





HIDE ALL SECTIONS





Aim higher, reach further.

                Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks.
                Subscribe Now


Sign In


Reveal Navigation Options



Subscribe
Sign In





















                                Senate GOP’s Fallback Health Plan Picks Up Support
                              











                                The Myth of Trump’s Do-Nothing Presidency
                              











                                Foxconn to Build $10 Billion Factory in U.S.
                              











                                President to Bar Transgender Individuals From the Military
                              











                                Court Rules South Carolina’s Domestic-Violence Laws Violate Constitution
                              











                                Participant in Bundy Standoff Gets 68-Year Sentence
                              











                                Rikers Island on Lockdown After Inmate Escapes
                              











                                U.S. to Screen Large Electronic Devices in Separate Bins
                              











                                Subway Funding Dispute Escalates
                              











                                Illinois Lawmakers Back in Session—And Clashing With Governor
                              











                                Minneapolis Police Tighten Body Camera Rules After Shooting of Australian Woman
                              











                                Candidates Challenge NYC Mayor on Crime Despite Drop in Incidents
                              











                                Illegal Immigrant to Go on Trial in Case Cited by Trump
                              











                                Trump Tower Mumbai Plays Up Connection to President
                              











                                Photos: Chincoteague Island Pony Swim
                              











                                Airbnb, New York Housing Activists Take Spat to State Ethics Agency
                              











                                New York Gov. Cuomo Makes Case for Federal Spending on Infrastructure Projects
                              











                                Senate Health-Care Debate: A Quick Look at Four Key Options
                              











                                Prosecution in Martin Shkreli Case Presents Final Evidence
                              











                                Suspect Arrested in Brooklyn Attacks
                              











                                MTA Will Speed Up Work to Fix New York City Subway
                              











                                Gulf Narrows for Louisiana Shrimping Industry
                              













































 

                        Small
                      


 

                        Medium
                      


 

                        Large
                      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ
















Next Story >



Deal Journal




Carlyle’s Nachtwey Discusses His Move to Legg Mason






By

Stephen Grocer


Stephen Grocer
The Wall Street Journal
BiographyStephen Grocer




                    Dec 13, 2010 5:15 pm  ET
                  


Carlyle CFO Peter Nachtwey decided to leave the giant PE firm after a three-years to take the same position at Legg Mason.





Deal Journal colleague Julie Steinberg caught up Nachtwey to discuss his plans for the company and his career path from his postgrad days at Deloitte predecessor Touche Ross.



                      To Read the Full Story
                    


                        Subscribe
                      

                        Sign In
                      











Previous
Microsoft: Yeah, We Hate Google's Travel Deal



Next
After Wellstream, Could GE Push Into Big Oil Services?

 
















Most Popular Videos









Is Kushner's Statement a Turning Point for Trump Team?









USS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf









China's New Nationalists









Lego Boost: The Ultimate Kid Review









Opinion Journal: Joseph Rago






Most Popular Articles








How Jony Ive Masterminded Apple’s New Headquarters








A Catholic School’s Dilemma: How to Spend Its Snap IPO Millions








Working From Home? The Boss Wants You Back in the Office








Opinion: Trump’s Sessions Abuse








President to Bar Transgender Individuals From the Military 



















              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









Is Kushner's Statement a Turning Point for Trump Team?









USS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf









China's New Nationalists









Lego Boost: The Ultimate Kid Review









Opinion Journal: Joseph Rago






Most Popular Articles








How Jony Ive Masterminded Apple’s New Headquarters








A Catholic School’s Dilemma: How to Spend Its Snap IPO Millions








Working From Home? The Boss Wants You Back in the Office








Opinion: Trump’s Sessions Abuse








President to Bar Transgender Individuals From the Military 


















        
        
        
        
        
           
             
               
             
           
        
          
            
              
            
          
        
          
            
              
            
          
        
          
            
              
            
          
        
        
          
            
            
              
            
            
              Save Article
              Sign In to Save
              Subscribe to WSJ
            
          
        
           
             
               
             
           
           
             
               
             
           
        
        
        
        
          
          
            
              
            
            
              Text Size
          
              
              
                          

                Small
              
          
              
              
                          

                Medium
              
          
              
              
                          

                Large
              
            
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
            
              
                
                  
                    
                      
                    
                    Print
                  
                
                
                  
                    
                      
                    
                    Facebook
                  
                
                
                  
                    
                      
                    
                    Twitter
                  
                
                
                  
                    
                      
                    
                    WhatsApp
                  
                
          
                
                  
                    
                      
                    
                    SMS
                  
                
          
          
                
                  
                    
                      
                    
                    Copy Link
                  
                
          
              
          
              
                
              
          
            
          
          
          
        
        
































