

	Marcus & Millichap - Hessam Nadji






















































Marcus & Millichap









                    Log in/Register   
                



                    Contact   
                






 
                    Properties
                    Investment properties & services






                                               Property Search
                                            
Search our national database by type, size, location, price, and more to find properties.





                                               Regional Investment Markets
                                            
We have more than 1,700 sales and financing professionals who know the nation's key real estate investment markets.





                                               Investment Property Types
                                            
We specialize in all major property types and markets from apartments to hospitality, retail to self-storage, and everything in between.





                                               National Specialty Divisions 
                                            
We specialize in over a dozen property types, with dedicated professionals who understand each of their unique dynamics.





                                               Investor Types
                                            





                                                            Private
                                                        



                                                            Major/Institutional
                                                        









                                               Property Services
                                            







                                                Marcus & Millichap Platform
                                            



                                                Seller Services
                                            



                                                Buyer Services
                                            



                                                1031 Exchange
                                            



                                                Financing Services
                                            



                                                Institutional Investor Services
                                            







                                               Leader in 1031 Exchanges
                                            


Marcus and Millichap closes more real estate investment sales than any other brokerage firm—over 60% of which involve a 1031 Exchange.
Our leading market position, coupled with extensive investor relationships, gives us access to the largest pool of qualified buyers, including exchange buyers.







 
                    Financing
                    Loan information & services






                                               Loan Inquiry
                                            
Share your information to be matched with a financing professional or begin the loan application process.





                                               Loan Rates
                                            
Stay abreast of the latest rates and debt market information.





                                               Calculators
                                            
How many apartment units should you own? How much debt can you afford? Our calculators will help you decide.









                                               Financing Services
                                            







                                                About Marcus Millichap Capital Corporation
                                            



                                                Why Finance With Us?
                                            



                                                Transaction Financing
                                            



                                                Refinancing
                                            







                                               Case Study: Dave & Buster's
                                            


Through its long-standing relationships and market knowledge, Marcus and Millichap secured difficult financing for its buyer where other mortgage brokerage firms had failed.
Learn more about what made this case especially complex and how Marcus and Millichap overcame the financing obstacles.




                                               View All Case Studies
                                            








 
                    Research
                    Reports & advisory services






                                               Research Reports
                                            

                                                Latest Reports:
                                            



                                                            Multifamily Spotlight
                                                        



                                                            Canadian 2017 Apartment Spotlight
                                                        



                                                            Federal Reserve Spotlight
                                                        



                                                            Check out our latest Office Reports
                                                        



                                                            2017 Retail Investment Forecast
                                                        



                                                            More Reports
                                                        





                                               Research Blog
                                            

                                                Latest Blogs:
                                            



                                                            Hiring Bounces Back in January
                                                        



                                                            Single-Family Housing Supply Falls to Record Low
                                                        



                                                            All Blog Posts
                                                        









                                               Research Services
                                            
Our Research Team produces more than 1,000 products annually and is a leading source of industry trends and market information.





                                               Advisory Services
                                            
We provide a wide range of advisory and consulting services to some of the most prominent real estate investors in the country









                                               Latest Chicago Research
                                            


Vacancy Drop, Higher Rents on Tap in Chicago




                                               More Research
                                            








 
                    About Us
                    Our vision, careers & news






                                               News, Events, and More
                                            





                                                            Newly Expanded 966-Unit Self-Storage Facility Changes Hands
                                                        



                                                            Retail Trends 2017 video replay is now available
                                                        



                                                            View All Press Releases
                                                        





                                               In The Media
                                            





                                               Replay Webcasts
                                            





                                               Research Blog
                                            









                                               Our Company
                                            





                                               Our Services
                                            





                                               Our Leadership
                                            





                                               Our Offices
                                            





                                               Our Agents/Loan Originators
                                            





                                               Careers
                                            





                                               Contact Us
                                            





                                               Investor Relations
                                            









                                               In the Media
                                            


CNBC features Marcus & Millichap’s President and CEO, Hessam Nadji for his thoughts on how retail real estate is faring amid the impact of e-commerce.. 
Play Video







 
                    Find
                    Quick Links






                                               A Property
                                            





                                               An Office
                                            





                                               An Agent
                                            





                                               A Loan Originator
                                            





                                               Research
                                            





                                               A Job
                                            




















                Home
                


                About Us
                


                Leadership
                


                Senior Management
                


            Hessam Nadji
            


                Hessam Nadji
                
            





Hessam Nadji






Hessam Nadji


President and Chief Executive Officer
Hessam Nadji is president and chief executive officer of Marcus & Millichap, a leading commercial real estate firm specializing in investment sales, financing, research and advisory services. Founded in 1971, Marcus & Millichap has grown to more than 1,700 investment sales and financing professionals with offices throughout the United States and Canada. In 2016, the firm completed nearly 9,000 transactions with a sales volume of over $42 billion.
Mr. Nadji joined Marcus & Millichap in 1996 as vice president of research and advisory services and positioned the firm as a leading provider of market trends, analyses and expertise. Over the years, his role expanded to include marketing and strategy, enabling him to play a key role in establishing and growing Marcus & Millichap’s national brand. In 2010, Mr. Nadji assumed the leadership role for all of the firm’s national specialty brokerage divisions, which grew rapidly under his supervision. Marcus & Millichap’s specialty divisions function as client service teams of specialists with in-depth expertise in 12 real estate segments and achieved sales of $21.5 billion in 2015. Mr. Nadji also played a leading role in the preparation and execution of the firm’s IPO in 2013 as Marcus & Millichap’s chief strategy officer. He was named president and CEO in April 2016. Mr. Nadji is frequently sourced on behalf of the firm by national business media outlets, including The Wall Street Journal, Investor’s Business Daily, Real Estate Forum, CNBC, Fox Business TV, Bloomberg TV, and numerous commercial real estate publications.
Prior to joining Marcus & Millichap, Mr. Nadji was senior vice president at Grubb & Ellis, where he began his career in 1986. He received a Bachelor of Science degree in information management and computer science from City University in Seattle. Mr. Nadji is a member of the National Multi Housing Council executive committee, the Urban Land Institute, the International Council of Shopping Centers and NAIOP.
Hessam Nadji on Specialization, Broker Tools and Research

























 


Marcus & Millichap's (MMI) CEO Hessam Nadji on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Marcus & Millichap's (MMI) CEO Hessam Nadji on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMar. 9.17 | About: Marcus & (MMI) Marcus & Millichap, Inc. (NYSE:MMI)
Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call
March 09, 2017 05:00 PM ET
Executives
Evelyn Infurna - MD, ICR
Hessam Nadji - President and CEO
Martin Louie - CFO
Analysts
Brad Burke - Goldman Sachs
Mitch Germain - JMP Group
Josh Lamers - William Blair
Peter Christiansen - Citigroup
Jade Rahmani - KBW
Operator
Greetings and welcome to the Marcus & Millichap Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded. 
I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Evelyn Infurna. Thank you Ms. Infurna, you may now begin.
Evelyn Infurna
Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to the Marcus & Millichap's year-end 2016 earnings conference call. With us today are President and Chief Executive Officer, Hessam Nadji; and Chief Financial Officer, Martin Louie.
Before I turn the call over to management, please remember that our prepared remarks and responses to questions may contain forward-looking statements. Words such as may, will, expect, believe, estimate, anticipate, goal, and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
Actual results could differ materially from those implied by such forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, general economic conditions and commercial real estate market conditions, including the recent conditions in global markets, the Company's ability to retain and attract transactional professionals, the Company's ability to retain its business philosophy and partnership culture amid competitive pressures, the Company's ability to integrate new agents and sustain its growth and other factors discussed in the Company's public filings, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K which was filed with the SEC on March 15, 2016.
Although the Company believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, it can make no assurance that these expectations will be attained. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
In addition, certain of the financial information presented on this call represents non-GAAP financial measures. The Company's earnings release which was issued this afternoon and is available on the Company's website represents reconciliations to the appropriate GAAP measure and explains why the Company believes such non-GAAP measures are useful to investors. Finally, this conference call is being webcast. The webcast link is available on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.marcusmillichap.com, along with a slide presentation you may reference during the prepared remarks.
With that, it is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Hessam Nadji. Hessam?
Hessam Nadji
Thank you, Evelyn. On behalf of the entire Marcus & Millichap team, good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining our 2016 year-end earnings call. 2016 was characterized by slowing sales and heightened uncertainty in the marketplace which challenged MMI financial performance particularly in the final quarter. By laser focused on helping our clients through achieving environment, we once again increased market share and strength of the company's long-term growth prospects through key platform investments and by expanding our sales force. After a robust fixed year recovery, investments sales in the market were flat to moderately lower throughout most of the year. But this transition was exacerbated into a sharp decline in the fourth quarter. The unexpected jump in interest rate following the presidential election was the primary cause. In addition, a wait and see stand among many investors also emerged in anticipation of tax reform, regulatory easing and economic proposal by the new administration. These plans to boost growth should eventually help prolonged economic expansion and generate more demand for real estates.

However, uncertainty around these measures along with a widened bid/ask spread or added headwind that continue to persist into 2017.. Clarity on the proposed government policy and a recalibration on buyer seller price expectation should bring investors off the sideline and spur more sales activity. Beyond these current headwinds, the latest data still point to a healthy property fundamental and lack of leveraging in this cycle as key drivers or still active albeit slower real estate investment sales market. With this backdrop, MMI grew revenues by 4.1%, increased sales volume by 11.8% to a record 42.3 billion and grew transactions by approximately 3% to nearly 900,000. We achieved net income of 64.6 million compared to 56.3 million in 2015 or a decline of 2.6% primarily due to investments in our infrastructure, proprietary technology as well as expanded business development initiatives for our brokers. We believe strongly that these investments which we outlined going into 2016 and echoed throughout the year will support long-term growth and competitive advantages.
Our earnings were all impacted by our higher commission payout as our senior brokers accounted for a higher proportion of revenue in a more challenging market. For the year, MMI added 8% to its sales force which now stands a record and positions us for further market share growth. in addressing our fourth quarter results, let me first review a few critical data points. While the market was expecting a gradual increase in interest rate in the second half of 2016 between November 9 and December 31, the ten-year treasury yields jumped by as much as 75 basis point. As a result, you saw bid/ask spreads lender tightening and extended transaction timelines throughout the first five months of year become much more pronounced causing the re-pricing and re-underwriting of many pending transactions and active listings.
As a result, we experienced an increase in deal cancellations and longer closing delays. Preliminary industry estimates point to a 15% drop in market transactions and sales volumes during the final quarter of 2016. In contrast, market sales in the fourth quarter of 2015 registered year-over-year growth of 11% and volume grew 15% over the fourth quarter of 2014. The post-election jump in interest rates was especially hard on smaller private client transactions which typically use higher leverage. As we stated many times in the past, over the long run, sales in the $1 million to $10 million private client market segments are less volatile than higher priced assets thanks to [indiscernible] partnership changes and other personal circumstances. However, in any given period, particularly with an unexpected and sizeable jump in interest rates and market uncertainties, private investor sentiment, price and risk tolerance can be affected as we observed in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Last but not least, we pointed out on our third-quarter 2016 earnings call for MMI the fourth quarter of 2015 had outside growth of nearly 18% of revenue and 15% growth in transaction making comparisons particularly challenging. Fourth quarter revenue was down 6.9% from the fourth quarter of 2015 and the quarter ended with sales volume of nearly 11 billion on over 2,300 transactions. Sales volume and transactional counts were down during the quarter by 70 basis points and 6% respectively indicating meaningful market share gains in contrast to the estimated 15% decline in market sales I mentioned earlier. Let me just take a moment to acknowledge the hard work and expertise required of our team to close over 2,300 transactions on behalf of our clients. During the quarter, given the rapid change in interest rates and in many cases re-negotiating among the parties and having to re-qualify transactions for financing. While the extra work needed to close transactions in the fourth quarter reduced productivity towards new business development, we were able to successfully meet the vast majority of our client’s transactional need.

Our private client market segment which are transactions between 1 to 10 million once again delivered nearly 70% of our brokerage commissions and continues to be the foundation of our business. Revenue for this segment grew 1.9% in the year, but declined 9.6% for the quarter due to the factor I shared earlier. Again, this was against a very difficult comparison in the fourth quarter of 2015, which posted private client revenue growth of nearly 30%. Brokerage revenues on the sale of properties valued at 20 million and above increased 32% to 97 million, with the fourth quarter increasing 15% on a year-over-year basis. This was a testament for our senior agents and IPA division's ability to effectively service our private and institutional clients in a changing market environment. It is also reflective of the growing number of private clients who are consolidating their portfolios into larger assets, and institutional clients utilizing our platform to access private capital.
Our specialty brokerage division also continued to gain ground last year, with an overall transaction increase of 6.7% and a volume gain of 19%. We saw particular strength in senior housing, self-storage, single tenanted lease and hospitality. Our financing division, MMCC, saw loan volume growth of 4.5% for the year to just over 5 billion and transaction increase of 3% to 1,650 transactions. These results were hampered by the drop in activity during the fourth quarter especially among affordable and tax multifamily financings. The jump in interest rates and expectation of tax reform had particularly adverse effect on these transactions. Expansion of MMCC remains one of our key growth opportunities. To this end we have been working on expanding our network of capital sources over the past year and announced a correspondent relationship with ReadyCap in the third quarter of last year. ReadyCap is a GSE lender specializing in small balanced multifamily loans and although still in its early stages, our relationship has been well received and starting to generate transactions.
I’m also happy to announce another proprietary preferred correspondent relationship with PGIM Real Estate Finance, a commercial mortgage business of Prudential Financial. This program is specifically designed to increase our access to lending options in the middle market and larger balanced multifamily transaction. PGIM offers one of the most comprehensive set of real estate finance products including GSE debt for market rate and affordable housing, FHA, conduit and [indiscernible] general count. A formal announcement will be made shortly. These correspondent relationships are designed to provide more options to our clients and added deal controls for all loan originators. Both of these relationships also provide dedicated resources that are highly responsive with competitive pricing for Marcus & Millichap clients.
Let me now address the four pillars that impact our business, which include the economy, real estate supply and demand, capital markets and investment sales. The economy is creating jobs that are modest to consistent pace, which we believe is sustainable. It’s not likely to accelerate to some degree assuming infrastructure spending and tax performance come to fruition. On the supply demand front the overall balance in the market appears sustainable with positive rent growth. Construction is clear to increasing across various property sites. However, with the exception of high-end apartments in the Top 10 most active metros, overbuilding is not likely in the foreseeable future. We are seeing softness in luxury apartments in select metros, but the sector as a whole is still performing well. The older workforce housing stock that comprise the majority of the market and our sales in particular is seeing high occupancies and strong rent growth.

Capital markets in particularly have maintained ample liquidity levels for both debt and equity, but caution is the order. Lenders are active in the marketplace and competitive but have a more conservative stance on underwriting and buyer qualification. The FED is signaling a more aggressive position on raising rates as inflation gathers momentum. As we've shared before, we believe an orderly rise in interest rate [indiscernible] strong job growth should not be disruptive to the market. In fact rising interest rates coupled with the eventual policy clarity I mentioned earlier could provide further motivation for many investors to come [indiscernible]. Finally, the slowing trend in investment sales will likely remain exaggerated for the first half of 2017, due to the headwinds I outlined earlier. But again, eventual clarity on various policies should be a catalyst for increased activity. Despite the overall trend toward a more tempered market environment after record years, it is critical that we keep a perspective of the size of the market especially as related to MMI's long-term growth prospect.
In 2016, there were an estimated 52,000 trades with 83% in the $1 million to $10 million private client segment. Even in a slowing market, the size and fragmentation of the marketplace provides ample room for additional share gains for our company. As with other market transitions throughout our 46-year history, our priority is to increase our client outreach and help them formulate and execute the best strategy. We are also focused on expansion and strategic metros, additional hiring and advancing our training programs and updating our sales force deployment for better market coverage. We continue to invest in the right platform improvement while effectively managing other costs. We are confident that MMI's platform and brand will continue to gain market share in an evolving commercial real estate transaction environment and look forward to keeping you updated on our progress throughout 2017.
I will now turn the call over to Marty to discuss our results in more detail. Marty?
Martin Louie
Thanks Hessam, I will be discussing our fourth quarter 2016 and year-end results in greater detail. Total revenues in the fourth quarter were $189 million compared to $203 million in the prior year. As Hessam mentioned earlier, this was against an outside fourth quarter of 2015 comparison where we saw revenues increase 18%. The decrease during this quarter was due to a decline in all of a market segments on a year-over-year with the exception of our larger transaction real estate brokerage business which saw 15% growth. Total revenues for 2016 improved 4.1% to $718 million primarily driven by increases in our real estate brokerage commission, which comprised 92% of our revenues or $662 million for the year. Driving our revenue growth was the increase in average transaction size, average commissions for transactions and the number of executed deals. Our agents executed nearly 6,500 brokerage transactions for the year compared to just over 6,300 during 2015 for an increase of approximately 2.3%.
We ended the year with a total of 1,737 professionals for a net addition of 130. Overall, we executed 2,309 transactions for the fourth quarter of 2016, down 6.1% from the prior year. Total transactions for the year increased 3.2% for 2016, despite an overall decline in transaction market. This improvement came on top of 2015's strong growth in transaction of nearly 14%, which we have [indiscernible] as a tough comparison. Sales volume for the full year increased by 11.8% to $42.3 billion. Revenue from financing fees generated by MMCC grew by 1.2% to $12.7 million for the quarter and by 2.1% to $43.4 million for the year and accounting for approximately 7% of total revenue. MMCC revenues during the fourth quarter was particularly challenged by the drop in affordable and tax credit multifamily transactions. Other revenues, which is comprised primarily of consulting and advisory fees along with referral fees from other real estate brokers, was down both during the quarter and for the full year by approximately 15%. Note that this revenue stream only contributes 2% towards the company's total revenue. 

Total operating expenses were $161 million for the quarter compared to $169 million for 2015 for a reduction of 4.7%. The lower cost in the fourth quarter was primarily due to a 6.2% decline in cost of services as a result of lower revenues on a year-over-year basis. As a reminder, cost of services is primarily variable commissions paid to the company's investment sales professional and compensation related to financing activity. Cost of services during the fourth quarter as a percent of total revenues rose by 50 basis points to 64.3% compared to last year. The increase was primarily due to the proportion of market transactions closed by our more senior agents who are typically compensated at higher commission rate.
SG&A for the quarter decreased to $38.4 million compared to $38.6 million for the same period last year. The decrease was primarily due to lower management performance-based compensation offset by increased investments towards improving our infrastructure platform and our agent business development. To expand on this, a large portion of our investments went towards improving and expanding our offices in key strategic markets, which we have identified as having opportunities for growth. Rather than opening new offices, we believe the most effective way to increase shares to strategically deploy additional agents into these key markets that have existing MMI offices. As such, leases in these locations such as Manhattan, Palo Alto, San Diego, Newport Beach, Atlanta, Denver just to name a few are renewed with expanded footprints.
These larger offices which were designed to promote collaboration, communication and workplace productivity have often well received by our sales professionals, clients, and employees. In addition to strategic office expansions, we also focused our investments towards replacement of proprietary information systems with web-based mobile technology with new and improved institutional quality output for our clients while improving the efficiencies for our agents. Marcus & Millichap research products and services were also enhanced to keep us as the leading source of market intelligence for our clients. While these investments are pressuring our margins these initiatives support our long-term growth and have been very well received internally and by our clients. On a full-year basis, total operating expenses which included cost of services, SG&A and to a lesser extent depreciation and amortization increased 6.4% ending the year at $611 million compared to $574 million in 2015. This increase is consistent with what we have messaged throughout the year.
For the quarter, net income was $17.2 million compared to $19.9 million in 2015 and for the year net income decreased by approximately 2.6% to $64.6 million. Adjusted EBITDA was $31.3 million during the quarter compared to $35.2 million in 2015. For the year, adjusted EBITDA decreased by 4.7% to $118 million. Our adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.5% for the year reflects both topline as well as expense pressures and overall slowing transaction market throughout the year. Based on current market conditions, our margins will continue to be pressured during 2017. However, we believe expense leveraging will take place starting in late 2017, 2018. From a balance sheet perspective, Marcus & Millichap continues to be well positioned to grow its business organically and to pursue selective acquisitions. Our r liquidity levels are very healthy ending the year with cash and cash equivalents, and core cash investments of approximately $261 million. The senior management team continues to explore avenues for external growth as well as return of capital alternatives given our liquidity levels and our continued strong cash flow generation.

However, as we have said in the past, our strong balance sheet affords us tremendous flexibility and advantage as we look forward for strategic opportunities to increase shareholder value. Before closing, I'd like to point out a number of key items and highlights which may have an impact on our 2017 results. First, the first quarter of 2017 will face another challenging comparison given brokerage revenue growth of nearly 15% in the first quarter of 2016. In addition, expenses for the first quarter are typically higher due to our agent awards and recognition programs based on their prior-year performance. Second, the strategic initiatives that we outlined in 2016 will continue in 2017 given their importance to our long-term growth. Third, in recent quarters, we have made significant inroads in penetrating the largest transaction market which tend to have high variability from quarter to quarter. And lastly, in comparison to the first few months of 2016, we are facing a more challenging market environment with growing [ph] sales.
I like to now open up to the call for Q&A. Operator?
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Brad Burke of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brad Burke
Good afternoon, guys. So I wanted to ask about the pressure that you saw in the fourth quarter. Do you have a sense of how much of that was related to the spike we saw on interest rates versus policy uncertainty, because it's unlikely we're going to see interest rates spike every single quarter. My guess is that we'll see policy uncertainty remain for some time?
Hessam Nadji
Brad, good afternoon. I agree with your assessment. The interest rate spikes really did have an effect on transactions that were underway, but at the same time, the added headwinds of the uncertainty relating to policy and so on is pretty serious. I mean, as we are hearing from our clients, they're really waiting to hear more direction and more clarity on what all of those things could mean to the economy and to real estate. So for the fourth quarter, I agree with your assessments, but on an ongoing basis, we're still feeling quite a bit of a headwind from that uncertainty.
Brad Burke
Is there a reason that the private client segment is more dramatically impacted? I saw in the press release that higher debt ratios are a factor, but are there any reasons you're seeing more strength in the larger transaction segments?
Hessam Nadji
Well, we really saw kind of an unusual confluence of factors affecting the private client in the fourth quarter and that was the fact that interest rates have been extremely low for an extended period of time, cap rates were at a record low and when you talk about the lower price points, sub-10 million, of course especially the sub-5 million, the 75 basis point movement in the interest rates has a profound effect with the loan to values in the 65% to 75% range. And remember, the private client is affected with the personal wealth decisions and very direct investment decisions that affect their personal finances.
On the institutional side, of course interest rates matter, yields matter. They have hurdles that they have to hit as well, but when you look at the typical 20 million, 30 million and above transaction, on the institutional side, those have loan to values of 50% to 60% and are less immediate interest rate sensitive in terms of a go-no go investment decision and the effect on pricing.
Brad Burke
Okay. I appreciate that. And last one from me, Marty, you touched on the balance sheet. It looks like you have almost $300 million of cash and marketable securities. So just how are you thinking about the magnitude that you need to maintain for cash and marketable securities, just given the nature of your business and can you help us think about your timing on potentially either deploying that capital for external growth or returning capital to shareholders?

Martin Louie
Hi, Brad. Sure. We're constantly evaluating our cash balances and but the thing is that, we’re looking at a couple of things. One, the current operations, capital needs for the operations, but also evaluating opportunistic acquisitions. We’re actively looking at various scenarios and, so we do understand the level of our cash balances and continue to address it with our board.
Operator
Thank you. The next question is from Mitch Germain of JMP Group. Please go ahead.
Mitch Germain
Good afternoon, everyone. So, Hessam, you talked about the challenging backdrop in 4Q and I'm assuming a lot of your brokers are spending a lot of time keeping deals alive, right. So how much did that impact your forward pipeline?
Hessam Nadji
Good afternoon, Mitch. It affected our forward pipeline quite a bit in that the time and energy it took to basically redo transactions that have already, been done already and have to bring the parties back together, considerable amount of renegotiations, in many cases, requalifying for the financing, keeping the lender at the table, keeping the buyer and seller at the table, it was an unexpected amount of time and energy into transactions that were pretty much underway anyway. So it had a pretty important effect on their productivity on new business development.
Mitch Germain
Got you. And then I know that Marty, you've said in the past that the business is becoming a little less seasonal, but how should we consider seasonality playing out.
Martin Louie
I think what you need to do is listen back to what Hessam said in regards to where the market is. Preliminary estimate is that, going into Q1, we’re seeing a negative 15% decrease in the market and our goal is always to slightly beat the market and gain share. So that’s one way to look at it and then as well as I’ve said in the past in terms of seasonality, the first quarter, it typically ranges between 17% to 20% of this total year is probably going to be kind of in the middle of that, if not a little bit better. So and that’s kind of how you can see, how the year plays out.
Mitch Germain
And I am curious about your hiring 130, I think was the number you guys gave, how much of that breakdown between experienced and entry-level?
Hessam Nadji
So I’ll jump in on that one, Mitch. About, roughly 30%, 25% to 30% of that hiring was experienced professionals that have had real estate experience and really the key factor for us is that and we’ve seen market adjustments in the past, what’s really important for us is continuing to focus on the broader market opportunity. I cited some statistics with 52,000 transactions last year, 83% in that core $1 million to $10 million business. Looking beyond the current adjustment that’s going on in the marketplace and the headwinds that we’ve talked about, we do believe that gaining more share and positioning the company for ongoing growth is very important. So we’re not overreacting to what we’re seeing in the marketplace at this point by slowing the hiring down, including the experienced agent hiring. That’s been a very important strategy for us over the past couple of years and we’re continuing to focus on it.
Mitch Germain
Is the experience hiring reflective in how we should be thinking about cost of services, i.e., experienced people, higher payouts, so your cost of services will get a little less leverage going forward?
Hessam Nadji
Maybe to a very minor extent, number one in general. Number two, remember that most of our focus of that majority of our experienced hiring focus is not on top level teams that require really a classic acquisitions. They are mid-tier professionals that join because of the benefits of our platform. Therefore, even though they do have little bit higher splits because of their experienced level, they’re not really being acquired per se. And in those cases where you have an acquisition formula in place, those are very much tied to performance hurdles and revenue growth thresholds and so on. So we’re continuing to take a very conservative stance at the cost of growth.

Mitch Germain
Got you. I know Peter has got one more for us. Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst
Hey, guys. Yeah. Just one from me. Just given the focus on the technology upgrades and accounting for these increased costs from the growing footprint, the research investment, how should we view G&A going into 2017 or continuing through? Thanks.
Martin Louie
Yeah. In terms of SG&A, typically, Q1 tends to be about 10% higher than Q4 because of some of these awards, recognition programs that we have. So typically, Q1 going into Q1 is 10% higher than Q4. And then for the rest of the year, we estimate SG&A in total going to be in the $180 million to $185 million range. And typically for the remaining three quarter, they’re all pretty much consistent with each other.
Operator
Thank you. The next question is from Josh Lamers of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Josh Lamers
Thanks. Good afternoon, gentlemen. A couple of broad-based questions here. Turning first to an MMCC, looking out the last couple of years, it looks as though the percentage of transactions there as a percent of overall transactions for the company has been rather stagnant. I’m just wondering if looking ahead to 2017, 2018, given some of the comments about focusing effort on that and growing MMCC, if we should expect a percentage of finance transactions to be about in line with what it has been historically with brokerage transactions, or whether you should start to see an increase.
Hessam Nadji
Great question. Looking backwards first, the key focus for us over the past couple of years for MMCC was to really improve the quality of the professionals, the infrastructure of MMCC and so the focus was really on internal improvements and the business unit has been growing very nicely, but pretty much along the same pace as our overall business. In 2017 and beyond, we’re looking to accelerate that. It’s not going to happen overnight, but there are two or three different initiatives going on that are very important related to MMCC. First of all, it’s our focus on more experienced people. We’ve made a dramatic shift in the training of more experienced people, just in the last, really in the last 12 months and that hasn’t quite shown up in the numbers yet and it probably won’t until later in 2017, going in to 2018. It’s because of the transition that it takes and it’s more of a focus going forward in our hiring.
The second thing is that from a service offering perspective, the correspondent relationships that I described earlier, ReadyCap on the small loans, balance program, the Prudential relationship on the middle market and larger transactions, those are the kind of strategic moves that we’re executing to basically expand our service offerings. And so the broadening of the model, the broadening of the tools that are available to our originators and the way that it can integrate better with our investment sales people is something that’s fairly new and therefore, going forward, we would expect better results in terms of the growth rate than your look back over the last two years.
Josh Lamers
Okay. Thank you. And maybe just as a follow-on to that, what are maybe some of the primary reasons that someone selling or buying a property would not utilize the services of the capital core?
Hessam Nadji
Well, there is really no reason that they would not, other than the fact that a lot of our clients historically have had relationships with other mortgage brokers, those relationships tend to be long-term and they’re rather difficult to dislodge. A lot of our clients have their go to person, but overtime as our investment sales team begins to introduce their MMCC partner in the same office and as that partner becomes more experienced and more qualified and has a bigger book of business, which creates more confidence, these sort of inter-office relationships are becoming more and more integrated. And that’s really the way that we’ve positioned MMCC internally.

Externally, we’re marketing MMCC as a competitive intermediary for the best financing to the marketplace. So they’re focused also on developing business directly and on their own, with their own marketing is also enhancing or basically improving. And so it just goes back to that relationship building with both the borrower and in house with our investment sales team.
Josh Lamers
Thanks. Really helpful. Just one last quick one for me based on the market share comments at the beginning of the press release, any thoughts on where you would like, or where you hope to see market share go within the coming years?
Hessam Nadji
Well, we’ve outlined market share growth by product type over the last couple of years and our overall 8.3% share in the $1 million to $10 million marketplace is nowhere near saturation. Just to give you an example which I’ve shared in the past on the apartment front, which is of course our largest business segment, our national market share is roughly 13%. Our top 10 offices have an average market share of 25%. So looking at what is being accomplished by our leading offices, we’re using that benchmark to basically inspire and execute a market share growth expansion plan for all of our offices. 
So the potential to get up to 20%, 25% market share in apartments also has already been proven and that’s where we’re basically moving the company by property type, but I will say as when I emphasize this, market share doesn’t happen overnight, I mean, you have to hire the right people, you have to train them, you have to deploy them to the right components of a submarket in each metro. So it’s a gradual process. We’ve made tremendous progress in market share over the last couple of years, but it is gradual and just want to emphasize that.
Operator
[Operator Instructions] The next question is form Peter Christiansen of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Peter Christiansen
Thank you, gentlemen. Glad to be part of the mix. First question, I guess given the current environment, should we think that you still need headcount growth to meet, to continue market share gains, or is there some element of attrition by your competitors?
Hessam Nadji
Hi, Peter. Well, if we were to only react to the current market environment, the real immediate, let’s say, next three to six months, we would be making a mistake and I'm very passionate about the fact that there is -- the market that we operated is so vast and so fragmented. As I’ve shared before, the top 10 brokers including ourselves have a 24% market share in a market that accounts for 83% of 52,000 transactions. It’s a significant market opportunity for us. So yes, there's no doubt that what we're experiencing right now is very challenging. The headwinds are serious, but we've seen market adjustments before. We've seen market recalibration before. 
We've seen the classic price expectation taking time on the seller side and the buyer expectations to basically have to adjust based on the fact that the market is still very healthy. All of these classic things that we’ve experienced over 46 years are at play now and they can’t really deter us from pursuing this broader market opportunity. So yes, we could gain more market share with the current sales force that we have, they’re very capable. 
We’re training more and more of them, but on top of that, if we don’t add in a diversified fashion, so that we don’t oversaturate a particular market with too many professionals and one product type and really pursue the expansion opportunities in, let’s say, the office market, multi-tenant retail. In many markets where our apartment salesforce could still grow. If we don’t do those things, then we’ll fall behind and we’re not going to do that and that’s why we’re seeing a very committed to our hiring goal.

Peter Christiansen
Thanks. That is helpful. And then I guess, as it relates to the toughness that we saw in Q4, I am assuming that some deals fell through. Of some of those, was it more because of failure to requalify under the financing, or is it more related to issues with the terms of the investment? Can you just give us a sense or characterization of why some deals fell through?
Hessam Nadji
Sure. On the lending side, lenders are very much at the table and they’re very competitive. They do want to put capital to work, but when you have the 75 basis point movement in interest rates that we talked about, the way an appraiser or a lender is going to view the adjusted value versus and require more proceeds, more equity from a buyer versus the seller’s expectation on having to adjust that products or the buyer’s expectation of having to step up is where the gap basically occurs. And in this market environment, where we’re not in a recession. 
Contrary to that, the economy is actually growing. We’re still adding jobs at a very nice pace. Occupancies are healthy. Cash flows are healthy, so that overall, if you will, the stress in the market is non-existent. The sellers that we found unwilling to make the price adjustment basically couldn’t come to terms with the fact that a discount was necessary in order to make the deal happen. A lot of deals have been priced to perfection so there wasn’t a whole lot of margin, if any in many of these transactions. Remember, the cap rates have been at the historical low and so there has -- because of the fact that there is no distress in the marketplace, there was not the willingness to discount the assets. 
Now, because of the fact that conditions are changing, because of the fact that interest rates are going up, I go back to my comment about the classic adjustment, both in terms of the seller’s expectation on pricing, and the psychology that goes with that and buyer’s expectation. These things just have to have time to basically come together and more data points and that’s why the uncertainty related to tax reform is a significant factor right now.
Peter Christiansen
I guess relating to that, I mean, the assumption is that we should get some more clarity some point late Spring and then I guess into the early Fall. Do you think that those on the sideline have a timeline around getting that clarity and is there a potential that if something were to slip that they would still go forward, or are they is it -- there isn't that much of a countdown I guess on their end?
Hessam Nadji
It is very dangerous to speculate at a broad level like this and we were talking about very general trends. I mean, there is so many nuances in every person’s decision making and every asset and its performance. I can’t really make a general statement to that.
Operator
Thank you. The next question is from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Please go ahead.
Jade Rahmani
Thanks for taking the question. Just wondering if you give a bit more color on the difference in growth rate you saw between the large deal size and your other business lines or channels. Do you think that deal timeline -- presumably it takes longer to close a large transaction -- do you think that played into a factor, and in the first quarter, do you expect the large transaction group to more closely resemble the pace of volume that you're seeing in the private client group and the other channels? Thank you.
Hessam Nadji
Sure. Your comment is accurate that the deal timelines did play a role in more of the larger deals closing in the fourth quarter plus the fact that as I mentioned earlier, the effective interest rate spike was more minimal on the larger transactions. I don’t want to underplay the fact that interest rates increasing affects all client categories from the largest institutions to the smallest private clients. It clearly does, but when you look at the loan to value ratios of 50% to 60%, it’s just not as profound on a $3 million or $4 million transaction that makes up the bread and butter of the company’s core business. So there were some differences there. 

I can’t give you any guidance on the first quarter, but I will tell you that if you look at the last couple of years’ growth rate that we’ve achieved through various initiatives, whether it’s expansion of our IPA division that’s focused more on institutional investors and major private investors and experienced senior level Marcus & Millichap agents doing larger transaction, the growth rates in the last couple of years have been exceptional and it would be unwise to expect those kind of breakneck paces to continue going forward. It is a part of our growth plan. 
We are very committed to making sure that our larger accounts segment continues to grow. It’s very important for our retention from a career development of our agents and client retention. I do want to emphasize that a lot of our private clients now look to consolidate smaller assets in their portfolio into one or two larger assets and that gives us a very important competitive advantage in bringing the private capital buyer to our institutional clients. So it’s an important part of our strategy, but the growth rates of the past, especially several quarters, have been quite exceptional.
Jade Rahmani
And just a follow-up, you disclosed that in dollar volumes, about 34% is the multifamily sector. Does the other segment, which is about 16%, does that include condo? Thanks for taking the questions.
Hessam Nadji
I’m sorry. I couldn’t hear, does that include what?
Jade Rahmani
Condos. Condo buildings. Condo developments.
Hessam Nadji
I see. We don’t sell individual condos. That is not part of our specialty and so all of our multi-family market rate investments are basically rental property.
Operator
Thank you. There are no further questions in queue at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks.
Hessam Nadji
Thank you, operator and thank you for joining our call. We appreciate your attendance and the great questions that were asked and we look forward to having you on our first quarter 2017 call. Thank you very much.
Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Financial, Real Estate Development, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All MMI TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Financial Stocks including REITs and Investment Companies  | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Financial Stocks including REITs and Investment Companies Westpac Banking And The Prospect Of An Ever Higher Tax BurdenWBK• Yesterday, 7:48 PM • Louis Koen•2 CommentsTembec Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTMBCF• Yesterday, 7:38 PM • SA TranscriptsXL Group plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesXL• Yesterday, 7:09 PM • SA TranscriptsLegg Mason Inc. 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLM• Yesterday, 7:08 PM • SA TranscriptsDHG: The Register Is Almost Rung!DHG• Yesterday, 7:06 PM • Maks Financial Services•4 CommentsDiscover Financial Services 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDFS• Yesterday, 7:06 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentIf I Could Buy Just 1 Real Estate StockBPY• Yesterday, 6:08 PM • Trapping Value•37 CommentsIn The Already Saturated Market Of Southern California, Can Another Chinese-American Bank Succeed?RBB• Yesterday, 5:27 PM • Samantha HendrieLadder Capital: Strong Buy On The DropLADR• Yesterday, 5:19 PM • Achilles Research•10 CommentsAmeriprise Financial, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMP• Yesterday, 4:59 PM • SA TranscriptsCanada's Top Insurance Companies: Sun Life FinancialSLF• Yesterday, 4:21 PM • Mat Litalien•6 CommentsTPG Specialty Lending: Q2 Earnings Beat Will Likely Drive Special Dividends For This High-Quality BDCTSLX• Yesterday, 4:07 PM • BDC Buzz•1 CommentFirst Commonwealth Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFCF• Yesterday, 3:21 PM • SA TranscriptsBGC Partners, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBGCP• Yesterday, 3:21 PM • SA Transcripts•4 CommentsUnum: Time To Take ProfitsUNM• Yesterday, 2:44 PM • MnMInvestor•2 CommentsChemical Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCHFC• Yesterday, 2:36 PM • SA TranscriptsComparing Bank Of America To JPMorgan: Breaking Down Their Income StatementsBAC, JPM• Yesterday, 2:25 PM • Chris B Murphy•5 CommentsValley National Bancorp 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesVLY• Yesterday, 1:40 PM • SA TranscriptsPTY Could Still Trend HigherPTY• Yesterday, 12:45 PM • Dividend Seeker•11 CommentsFlushing Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFFIC• Yesterday, 12:36 PM • SA TranscriptsPopular, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBPOP• Yesterday, 12:00 PM • SA TranscriptsEastGroup Properties Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEGP• Yesterday, 11:54 AM • SA TranscriptsBuy Regions Financial Corporation For Moderate Growth And IncomeRF• Yesterday, 11:50 AM • Bobak Forouzan•5 CommentsGBAB - Best Performing Build America Bond Portfolio?GBAB• Yesterday, 11:28 AM • Maks Financial Services•4 CommentsTRI Pointe Homes 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTPH• Yesterday, 11:12 AM • SA TranscriptsBOK Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBOKF• Yesterday, 11:06 AM • SA TranscriptsCentral Pacific Financial Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCPF• Yesterday, 10:57 AM • SA TranscriptsSterling Bancorp 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSTL• Yesterday, 10:48 AM • SA TranscriptsGet Twice The Market's Dividend Yield With A Big And Cheap BankCM• Yesterday, 10:38 AM • Jonathan Weber•14 CommentsMarketAxess Holdings, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMKTX• Yesterday, 10:29 AM • SA TranscriptsCitigroup: 2020 VisionC• Yesterday, 10:26 AM • FIG Ideas•4 CommentsThe Strategy Behind The Dividend Champion DominanceO• Yesterday, 10:11 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•14 CommentsMid-America Apartment Communities Inc.: Buy, Don't Rent This REITMAA• Yesterday, 10:00 AM • Millennial Investing•3 CommentsState Street Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSTT• Yesterday, 9:18 AM • SA TranscriptsNasdaq Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNDAQ• Yesterday, 9:16 AM • SA TranscriptsCoreLogic, INC. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCLGX• Yesterday, 9:13 AM • SA Transcripts80% Upside With Innovative IndustrialIIPR• Yesterday, 9:12 AM • Dane Bowler•20 CommentsUMB Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesUMBF• Yesterday, 9:10 AM • SA TranscriptsFirst Financial Bancorp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFFBC• Yesterday, 9:07 AM • SA TranscriptsTrustmark Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTRMK• Yesterday, 8:59 AM • SA TranscriptsQTS Realty Trust, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesQTS• Yesterday, 8:58 AM • SA TranscriptsThe Optimal REIT Portfolio For The Generalist: Yield REITsCCP, CUBE, FRT• Yesterday, 8:52 AM • Hoya Capital Real Estate•8 CommentsHDFC Bank: India's Unbanked Population Presents An OpportunityHDB• Yesterday, 8:40 AM • David Krejca•2 Comments'Our Restructuring Is Over' Says Michael Corbat Of CitigroupC• Yesterday, 8:29 AM • John M. Mason•8 CommentsNo-Brainer - Bank Of AmericaBAC• Yesterday, 8:19 AM • Leo Nelissen•7 CommentsBlackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBXMT• Yesterday, 8:17 AM • SA TranscriptsT. Rowe: Kicking Into High GearTROW• Yesterday, 8:11 AM • Samuel Smith•6 CommentsA Private Pay Health Care REIT That Yields 10%Editors' Pick • SNR• Yesterday, 6:45 AM • Brad Thomas•81 CommentsWells Fargo - A Return To Ethical Banking?WFC• Yesterday, 5:19 AM • Mary Jane Fountain•10 CommentsWhy Trupanion Could Be A Long-Term CompounderTRUP• Yesterday, 3:07 AM • Wiedower Capital•6 CommentsFlagstar Bancorp, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFBC• Tue, Jul. 25, 8:15 PM • SA TranscriptsFCB Financial Holdings 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFCB• Tue, Jul. 25, 8:09 PM • SA TranscriptsSell Wheeler Before The Dividend Gets ObliteratedEditors' Pick • WHLR• Tue, Jul. 25, 7:58 PM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•44 CommentsCommercial Bank RBB Bancorp Prepares For IPORBB• Tue, Jul. 25, 7:04 PM • Don Dion•1 CommentHuntington Bancshares: A Regional Bank That May Rise With YieldsHBAN• Tue, Jul. 25, 7:04 PM • Chris B Murphy•3 CommentsHoulihan Lokey 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHLI• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:54 PM • SA TranscriptsU.S. Bancorp's Policy Shift Contradicts Objective Of Bank's Client - Federal GovernmentUSB• Tue, Jul. 25, 4:26 PM • John Burnett•15 CommentsThis 4.7% Yielding Top-Shelf REIT Just Raised Its Dividend By More Than 4%NNN• Tue, Jul. 25, 4:08 PM • Achilles Research•6 CommentsEnterprise Financial Services Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEFSC• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:52 PM • SA TranscriptsMorgan Stanley: Still Very CheapMS• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:31 PM • The First Mover•3 CommentsCitigroup (C) Investor Presentation - SlideshowC• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:17 PM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsMercury General In The Garden PortfolioMCY• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:10 PM • DJ Habig•6 CommentsLiberty Property Trust 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLPT• Tue, Jul. 25, 1:27 PM • SA TranscriptsNuveen Build America Bond Fund: The Bigger, Better, Build America Bond Fund?NBB• Tue, Jul. 25, 11:57 AM • Maks Financial Services•3 CommentsOld National Bancorp 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesONB• Tue, Jul. 25, 11:24 AM • SA TranscriptsNew Docs Undermine Government's Legal Defense Of GSE NWSFNMA, FMCC• Tue, Jul. 25, 11:18 AM • Glen Bradford•155 CommentsEverest Re Group Ltd. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRE• Tue, Jul. 25, 11:00 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentArlington Asset Investment Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAI• Tue, Jul. 25, 10:47 AM • SA TranscriptsHorace Mann Educators Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHMN• Tue, Jul. 25, 10:45 AM • SA TranscriptsBank Of America: Why Investors Shouldn't Hit The Panic ButtonBAC• Tue, Jul. 25, 10:25 AM • Chris B Murphy•11 CommentsBank Of America: Comparing Management Performance To JPMorgan, Citigroup And Wells FargoBAC• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:52 AM • Chris B Murphy•4 CommentsMall REITs Are Good Bets Now, And Simon Property Group Is Among The SafestSPG• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:39 AM • Herman Tai•25 CommentsBB&T: Buy This Bank Before It Becomes A PowerhouseBBT• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:24 AM • Orlando Vega•13 CommentsAmerican Campus Communities, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesACC• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:16 AM • SA TranscriptsIndependent Bank Group 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIBTX• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:04 AM • SA Transcripts123456...658Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Tower International's (TOWR) CEO James Gouin on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TOWR•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  2:59 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




XL Group (XL) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


XL•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  2:39 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Calfrac Well's (CFWFF) CEO Fernando Aguilar on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CFWFF•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  2:34 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




GlaxoSmithKline's (GSK) CEO Emma Walmsley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GSK•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  2:32 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




SK Telecom Co's (SKM) Management on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SKM•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  2:02 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Telefonica Brasil's (VIV) CEO Eduardo Navarro on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VIV•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  1:22 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




ServiceNow (NOW) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NOW•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 12:59 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Hub Group (HUBG) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HUBG•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 12:07 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Merit Medical Systems' (MMSI) CEO Fred Lampropoulos on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MMSI•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Legg Mason (LM) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LM•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:49 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Discover Financial Services (DFS) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DFS•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Nutrisystem's (NTRI) CEO Dawn Zier on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NTRI•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton's (LVMHF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LVMHF•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Knowles (KN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KN•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Edwards Lifesciences (EW) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EW•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:37 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Tractor Supply (TSCO) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TSCO•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:21 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Buffalo Wild Wings (BWLD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BWLD•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




LG Display's (LPL) on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LPL•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:14 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




On Assignment (ASGN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASGN•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Xilinx (XLNX) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


XLNX•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




PayPal's (PYPL) CEO Dan Schulman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PYPL•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



IMAX (IMAX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IMAX•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Allegiant Travel (ALGT) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ALGT•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Quidel Corporation's (QDEL) CEO Doug Bryant on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


QDEL•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:48 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Digimarc's (DMRC) CEO Bruce Davis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DMRC•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Transcat's (TRNS) CEO Lee Rudow on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TRNS•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:32 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Limelight Networks' (LLNW) CEO Bob Lento on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LLNW•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:32 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Vertex Pharmaceuticals (VRTX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VRTX•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:29 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Lam Research (LRCX) Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LRCX•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:21 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Knight Transportation (KNX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KNX•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4442Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 











 




































CRE Cycle Still Has More “Runway,” Says Marcus & Millichap CEO Hessam Nadji





















Menu









Log In or Register 


Finance & Investment 

Multifamily 

Retail 

Office 

Industrial 

Alternative Properties 

Real Estate Services 

NREI Wire 

National Real Estate Investor Magazine 



WealthManagement.com 



About Us 

Contact 

Advertise 

Subscribe 

RSS 

Privacy Policy 

Terms of Service 



















 




Search 

Log In 

Register 





























Recent




Recent





            10 Must Reads for the CRE Industry Today (July 26, 2017)            



Jul 26, 2017 








            Seniors Housing Investor Outlook            



Jul 26, 2017 














            10 Must Reads for the CRE Industry Today (July 25, 2017)            



Jul 25, 2017 








            10 Must Reads for the CRE Industry Today (July 24, 2017)            



Jul 24, 2017 








            Contrarian Real Estate Investing: A Road Map for Underwriting Investments that Cut Against Conventional Wisdom            



Jul 21, 2017 







Featured





            Part 1: A Clean Outlook            



Apr 10, 2017 








            Part 2: The City or the Burbs?            



Apr 10, 2017 








            Part 3: Development and Leasing Outlook            



Apr 11, 2017 








            2017 Top Office Owners            



Apr 10, 2017 


















 










 





Real Estate Services>Brokerage CRE Cycle Still Has More “Runway,” Says Marcus & Millichap CEO Hessam Nadji


    NREI spoke with Nadji about his work over the past year, his next steps in growing Marcus & Millichap and how the firm is navigating the current market environment. 
  

Diana Bell | May 01, 2017


































It’s been one year since Hessam Nadji took the helm at national brokerage firm Marcus & Millichap, and it’s been quite a busy period. Nadji’s one-year anniversary comes just as the commercial real estate industry finds itself in a period of regulatory and economic uncertainty and declining investment sales activity.
But Nadji has been through a few market cycles by now. He joined the firm as vice president of research in 1996, and helped Marcus & Millichap grow to being an investment advisory practice in addition to a brokerage services provider. He then rose to chief marketing officer, with responsibility for expanding the Marcus & Millichap brand, before ultimately being appointed CEO in April 2016. As chief marketing officer, Nadji launched the firm’s Institutional Property Advisers division and prepared the company for its 2013 IPO.
NREI spoke with Nadji about his work over the past year, his next steps in growing Marcus & Millichap and how the firm is navigating the current market environment. Here is an edited transcript of the interview:
NREI: How would you describe your first year at the helm of Marcus & Millichap? What were the biggest challenges you faced in the CEO role?
Hessam Nadji: It has been an incredible year. My biggest frustration is that there’s only 24 hours in a day. We have an aggressive long-term growth agenda in a large and fragmented market and our team is charged up to grow smartly, strategically. In the immediate term, the market is facing some headwinds and uncertainty related to tax reform and economic stimuli promised by the new administration, so there is a bit of a pause in the market until we see some clarity on these. We continue to hire and train agents, invest in new technology and support systems and essentially build toward the long-term.
NREI: What, if any, were the first significant changes you made as CEO?
Hessam Nadji: The most important things we’ve done since April of 2016, when Marcus & Millichap’s new leadership team was formed, including myself as CEO and Mitch LaBar, a company veteran, as COO, were:
We have streamlined the management team, including expanded responsibility for our best managers who now oversee synergistic divisions, which include seven to -nine offices on average.
We held a series of broker forums, client forums and traveled to offices throughout the country to get a fresh idea of what is happening among our sales force, what they wanted and needed. We also used direct feedback from clients to zero in on market challenges and opportunities and set our priorities for developing new tools and improving the company accordingly.
We have brought in fresh thinking and talent through a number of experienced brokers we have hired, and a new head of technology. We’ve added to our research products and expanded our branding by further partnering with key industry groups in each product line. For example, we have an extensive and growing presence at ICSC to support our retail division and NMHC is a key partner that we support for the betterment of the apartment industry. We are deeply involved with NAIOP as part of our office/industrial strategy, and the same goes for hospitality, seniors housing, student housing, self-storage and so on. Our brand is growing rapidly through these efforts and, most importantly, we are facilitating face time between our sales teams and decision makers.
Our investment in technology upgrades focuses on the productivity of our sales force and enabling better outreach to clients. We’ve spent time and energy upgrading our electronic marketing platform by partnering with Constant Contact at an enterprise level. The second major step involved in modernizing one of our key in-house proprietary applications is our introduction of a web-based, mobile system called Mnet-Offering that automates the process of compiling market information, financial analysis and property information, including images, into client proposals and marketing packages. The feedback on time saving and quality of output has been great. Last but not least, we are upgrading our technology infrastructure, connecting our 80 offices with updated tools for video conferencing, streaming and data sharing.
NREI: What are your long-term goals for the firm's growth and expansion? 
Hessam Nadji: Long-term, we are expanding Marcus & Millichap as a platform to service both private clients and institutional investors. We are [well-established] in the private client segment, which typically consists of smaller properties valued at under $10 million. This market segment is vast, [but] very fragmented, with the top 10 brokerage companies, including us, accounting for 24 percent share of transactions that occur. This gives us room to expand our private client market share, which is still our biggest growth opportunity. At the same time, we launched a special division of the company about five years ago called Institutional Property Advisors to cater to large institutional investors. This has been well-received by the marketplace because we are able to bring relatively unknown, private investors to institutional-quality assets. Being public for three years has helped to increase our profile, and the awareness of our company is helping us [expose our] brand to larger clients and attract more experienced brokers. Last but not least, we continue to grow our financing division, Marcus & Millichap Capital Corp. (MMCC).
NREI: Could you tell us more about MMCC?
Hessam Nadji: MMCC now has approximately 100 financing specialists. We recently announced correspondent relationships with ReadyCap for small-balance multifamily loans and PGIM (the financing arm of Prudential) for mid-market and larger multifamily financing solutions. These partners’ access to agency debt and a host of other capabilities are now being offered by our team to [our] clients. That is just one example of the types of initiatives we have launched to augment client services and grow the company.
NREI: How would you describe the current economic landscape as it relates to commercial real estate?
Hessam Nadji: The market has had an intense run-up in sales activity and values over the last five years, and that type of velocity is hard to maintain. We are seeing some pause as I mentioned earlier, as investors are asking: “What will tax reform look like?” Given that real estate fundamentals are very healthy and there is no distress in the market, sellers have been reluctant to discount assets while buyers are looking for lower prices to accommodate higher perceived risk. I would expect that over the next few months buyers and sellers will recalibrate expectations, especially if there is clarity on tax reform and infrastructure spending. That alone could result in higher activity. But with no evidence of a recession around the corner and steady job growth, I expect this cycle to have more runway economically and within the real estate sector.
NREI: Where in the cycle are we right now?
Hessam Nadji: We are now in year seven of the expansion, and the average expansion since 1950 has lasted five and a half years. By that measure, we are overdue for a recession. But average job growth annually has been 1.7 percent in this cycle. That compares to the average 3.0-percent job growth cycles since 1950. We’ve benefited from a slower pace, which doesn’t overheat the economy. We are starting to see wage growth and inflation pick up and the Fed moving to keep inflation in check. This points to ongoing strength. It’s not a boom, but more of the “steady as she goes” scenario.
NREI: Have you made any preparations in case of a real estate downturn?
Hessam Nadji: For us, it’s all about building for the long-term, sticking it out with our clients and taking care of their needs through the ups and downs of the market. We stay close to them, keep them informed and provide the investment options that fit their needs. A lot of investors are opting for different product types that offer higher yields or geographic markets. Our job is to expand their investment options and maximize their value. Cycles come and go, but relationships endure.
NREI: Please tell us your thoughts on the role of technology in the commercial real estate business. How have you incorporated technological innovation into the day-to-day operations at Marcus & Millichap?
Hessam Nadji: If you look at how the industry has evolved over time, the traditional sales process in the brokerage business has been significantly changed by technology, market research and modern practices in what makes a broker more productive. Data is no longer “the magic,” like it was 20 or even 10 years ago. Interpretation of real-time events and anticipation of how consumer preferences, and, therefore, investor demands, are going to change is now the magic of good brokerage. And let’s not underestimate the power of a broker’s relationships and client trust, which still govern the real estate business. Data, technology, and analytics have merged with the art of service and proactive client care, and that is what our company is all about. As an example of incorporating technological innovation into the day-to-day, we recently launched MNet-Offering, as I mentioned earlier, which is a proprietary web-based application designed to support sales agents in the creation of electronic and print materials, chiefly, offering memorandums and asset valuations that are critical to help clients in the investment decision-making process. MNet-Offering is one of several initiatives underway to enhance our brokerage tools, agent support and client services. Since our entire business model was built on information sharing, technology has played a big role for us and that is still the case. But it also takes a certain culture, an understanding among our team as to the true value of information sharing for the benefit of our clients.


      TAGS:              News 


0 comments 


Hide comments

Comment *


More information about text formats
Text format 
CommentsPlain text

CommentsAllowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p>Plain textNo HTML tags allowed.Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically.Lines and paragraphs break automatically.

PublishLog in or register to comment






Home page 


Save
 






RelatedSponsored ContentThe Growing Value of Digital Tools in Commercial Real EstateJun 02, 2017Sponsored ContentBuilding KnowledgeMay 23, 2017Sponsored ContentThe Generational DivideApr 25, 2017TPG’s Cushman & Wakefield Said to Have Held Early IPO TalksJan 20, 2017 
Load More




























































 


 





Hessam Nadji | Professional Deck Builder






























vbvddzfsecrx


Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn





Search

Go






                Get the latest industry news
            

Newslettervbvddzfsecrx
Videos



























Homevbvddzfsecrx >
                

Hessam Nadji


Voices

Hessam Nadji





Hessam Nadji's Posts














 






 























Sponsored Links


























Close X


















Hessam Nadji of Marcus & Millichap - California Self Storage Association






























Contact Us | Sign In | JOIN NOW!







































Toggle navigationMENUABOUT US OverviewStrategic PlanBoard of DirectorsPast PresidentsInitiatives Giving BackLegislative AgendaMember SearchFounding SponsorsJoin UsJoin Owner/Operator Small Owner/OperatorMedium Owner/OperatorLarge Owner/OperatorVendorsJOIN NOWMember Solutions Featured VendorsRental AgreementLegal ResourcesWhite PapersVideo TutorialsMember SupportMember Discounts Mini Storage MessengerSSA Affiliate BenefitsEvents Event Policies4th Annual Tri-State ConferenceWebinarsCalendar of Events Event SponsorsPast EventsLocal Networking Events Coffee MeetingsIndustry EventsGet Involved Career Center Career Center FAQBlog & News Member of the MonthPress ReleasesLegal and Legislative UpdatesCommunity BlogsSelf Storage Employees District ManagersFacility ManagersSelf Storage Owners Large Facility Owners (16+)Medium Facility Owners (6-15 sites)Small Facility Owners (0-5 sites)Vendors Ancillary Products AuctioneersCall Center ServicesConstructionFinance InsuranceLegal IssuesManagement CompaniesOtherPayment ProcessingPest ControlReal Estate ServicesSecurity and Access SystemsSoftwareSweeper ServicesTrainingTrucksWebsite Design/InternetStore Discounts/Special OffersGeneral StoreSponsorshipsFormsLegislative LEGISLATIVE AGENDADonationsEmployment Resources































            
               Edit This Favorite
            
              


Name:





Category:






Share:

Yes
No, Keep Private





















Hessam Nadji of Marcus & Millichap
	









Share
|









   
Hessam Nadji, Senior Vice President, Managing Director, Research and Advisory Services, Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services

Mr.
Nadji is responsible for overseeing Marcus & Millichap’s Research and
Advisory Services and possesses more than 25 years of experience in real estate
research, consulting, marketing and technology management.  He oversees
the firm’s economic and real estate information tracking, analysis and the
production of various research publications.  Mr. Nadji also manages the
design and application of various research and marketing tools and analysis-related
technology, as well as various real estate supply and demand analyses and
databases.  Mr. Nadji joined Marcus & Millichap in 1996 as vice
president of research and was promoted to managing director in April
2000.  Formerly, he was the national director of research and information
services for Grubb & Ellis Company.  Mr. Nadji received a bachelor of
science degree in information management and computer science from City
University in Seattle.As one of the commercial
real estate industry’s top analysts, Mr. Nadji is regularly quoted in national
publications, including The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, Investor’s
Business Daily, Financial Times, Financial Times, Bloomberg Businessweek and
The Economist.  He is a frequent guest on CNBC, Fox Business News, Bloomberg
News and National Public Radio (NPR).






















Sign In




Sign In securely
Not a member?



						Latest News
						more

  2/28/2017CSSA, Legislators Working on Two Bills to Help Self Storage  1/24/2017Employee handbook updates for 2017  7/7/2017Travis Morrow Announced as President of Strat Property Management’s Self Storage Division



						Calendar
						more

8/3/2017Preventative Maintenance & Hidden Revenue - ELK GROVE8/8/2017Owners Marketing & Technology Breakfast8/30/2017The Problems You Can Create For Yourselves and The Simple Steps To Fix (Avoid) Them9/5/2017 » 9/8/2017SSA Fall Conference & Trade Show9/14/2017CSSA Board Meeting - Executives














 

 











Contact Us
California Self Storage Association
9431 Haven Ave., Suite 113
Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730
909.912.1962
 949.861.9425


Connect

 info@californiaselfstorage.org
 facebook
 twitter
 linkedin
 youtube



Quicklinks

Home
Membership
News/Resources
Calendar/Events


Awards
Who We Are
Contact Us



© California Self Storage Association | All Rights Reserved






		Association Management Software Powered by YourMembership  ::  Legal










	Marcus & Millichap - Leadership






















































Marcus & Millichap









                    Log in/Register   
                



                    Contact   
                






 
                    Properties
                    Investment properties & services






                                               Property Search
                                            
Search our national database by type, size, location, price, and more to find properties.





                                               Regional Investment Markets
                                            
We have more than 1,700 sales and financing professionals who know the nation's key real estate investment markets.





                                               Investment Property Types
                                            
We specialize in all major property types and markets from apartments to hospitality, retail to self-storage, and everything in between.





                                               National Specialty Divisions 
                                            
We specialize in over a dozen property types, with dedicated professionals who understand each of their unique dynamics.





                                               Investor Types
                                            





                                                            Private
                                                        



                                                            Major/Institutional
                                                        









                                               Property Services
                                            







                                                Marcus & Millichap Platform
                                            



                                                Seller Services
                                            



                                                Buyer Services
                                            



                                                1031 Exchange
                                            



                                                Financing Services
                                            



                                                Institutional Investor Services
                                            







                                               Leader in 1031 Exchanges
                                            


Marcus and Millichap closes more real estate investment sales than any other brokerage firm—over 60% of which involve a 1031 Exchange.
Our leading market position, coupled with extensive investor relationships, gives us access to the largest pool of qualified buyers, including exchange buyers.







 
                    Financing
                    Loan information & services






                                               Loan Inquiry
                                            
Share your information to be matched with a financing professional or begin the loan application process.





                                               Loan Rates
                                            
Stay abreast of the latest rates and debt market information.





                                               Calculators
                                            
How many apartment units should you own? How much debt can you afford? Our calculators will help you decide.









                                               Financing Services
                                            







                                                About Marcus Millichap Capital Corporation
                                            



                                                Why Finance With Us?
                                            



                                                Transaction Financing
                                            



                                                Refinancing
                                            







                                               Case Study: Dave & Buster's
                                            


Through its long-standing relationships and market knowledge, Marcus and Millichap secured difficult financing for its buyer where other mortgage brokerage firms had failed.
Learn more about what made this case especially complex and how Marcus and Millichap overcame the financing obstacles.




                                               View All Case Studies
                                            








 
                    Research
                    Reports & advisory services






                                               Research Reports
                                            

                                                Latest Reports:
                                            



                                                            Multifamily Spotlight
                                                        



                                                            Canadian 2017 Apartment Spotlight
                                                        



                                                            Federal Reserve Spotlight
                                                        



                                                            Check out our latest Office Reports
                                                        



                                                            2017 Retail Investment Forecast
                                                        



                                                            More Reports
                                                        





                                               Research Blog
                                            

                                                Latest Blogs:
                                            



                                                            Hiring Bounces Back in January
                                                        



                                                            Single-Family Housing Supply Falls to Record Low
                                                        



                                                            All Blog Posts
                                                        









                                               Research Services
                                            
Our Research Team produces more than 1,000 products annually and is a leading source of industry trends and market information.





                                               Advisory Services
                                            
We provide a wide range of advisory and consulting services to some of the most prominent real estate investors in the country









                                               Latest Chicago Research
                                            


Vacancy Drop, Higher Rents on Tap in Chicago




                                               More Research
                                            








 
                    About Us
                    Our vision, careers & news






                                               News, Events, and More
                                            





                                                            Newly Expanded 966-Unit Self-Storage Facility Changes Hands
                                                        



                                                            Retail Trends 2017 video replay is now available
                                                        



                                                            View All Press Releases
                                                        





                                               In The Media
                                            





                                               Replay Webcasts
                                            





                                               Research Blog
                                            









                                               Our Company
                                            





                                               Our Services
                                            





                                               Our Leadership
                                            





                                               Our Offices
                                            





                                               Our Agents/Loan Originators
                                            





                                               Careers
                                            





                                               Contact Us
                                            





                                               Investor Relations
                                            









                                               In the Media
                                            


CNBC features Marcus & Millichap’s President and CEO, Hessam Nadji for his thoughts on how retail real estate is faring amid the impact of e-commerce.. 
Play Video







 
                    Find
                    Quick Links






                                               A Property
                                            





                                               An Office
                                            





                                               An Agent
                                            





                                               A Loan Originator
                                            





                                               Research
                                            





                                               A Job
                                            




















                Home
                


                About Us
                


            Leadership
            


                Leadership
                
            





Our Founders
Chairmen
Senior Management
Specialty Divisions






Our Founders



Marcus & Millichap revolutionized the real estate brokerage industry. The firm was designed to go far beyond simply facilitating real estate transactions. It was developed as an entire system dedicated to maximizing value for real estate investors.

In 1971, our founders, George M. Marcus and William A. Millichap, launched a new real estate investment business model based on a unique method of matching each property with the largest pool of pre-qualified investors. This simple premise—coupled with an unfailing drive to measure success by client satisfaction—enabled us to emerge as the industry’s pre-eminent real estate investment services firm.

Our founders’ vision has been realized by a commitment to specialization, our willingness to foster a culture of information sharing and the foresight to pioneer real estate technology. Today, Marcus & Millichap is the industry’s leading firm specializing in real estate investment sales and financing, as well as a leading source of research and advisory services.

Our senior management team, including our founders, remains dedicated to a tradition of reinventing the ultimate platform for marketing real estate.










Co-Chairmen

George A. Marcus
    Co-Chairman
William A. Millichap
    Co-Chairman






Senior Management

Hessam Nadji
    President and Chief Executive Officer
    Marcus & Millichap, Inc. 
Mitchell R. LaBar
    Executive Vice President / Chief Operating Officer
    Marcus & Millichap, Inc. 
William E. Hughes
    Senior Vice President 
    Marcus & Millichap Capital Corporation 
Gregory A. LaBerge
First Vice President / Chief Administrative Officer
    Marcus & Millichap, Inc. 
Martin E. Louie 
    Senior Vice President / Chief Financial Officer
    Marcus & Millichap, Inc. 
Adam Christofferson 
    Senior Vice President / Division Manager, Southern California Division
    Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services, Inc. 
Richard Matricaria
    First Vice President / Division Manager, Midwest Division
    Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services, Inc. 
Bryn Merrey
    Senior Vice President / Division Manager, Mid-Atlantic / Southeast Division
    Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services, Inc. 
Paul S. Mudrich
    Senior Vice President / Chief Legal Officer
    Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services, Inc. 
J.D. Parker 
    Senior Vice President / Division Manager, Northeast Division
    Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services, Inc. 
Alan L. Pontius
    Senior Vice President / National Director, Specialty Divisions
    Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services, Inc. 
Kent R. Williams 
    Senior Vice President / Division Manager, Western Division
    Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services, Inc. 






Specialty Divisions
Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services, Inc.

Healthcare Real Estate Group
Alan L. Pontius, Senior Vice President / National Director 
Institutional Property Advisors
Alan L. Pontius, Senior Vice President / National Director, Multifamily, Healthcare, Student Housing, Office and Industrial
Bill Rose, First Vice President / National Director, Retail 
National Hospitality Group
Peter Nichols, Vice President / National Director, Hospitality
Ari Ravi, Regional Manager / National Director, Golf and Resorts 
National Land Group
Steven D. Weinstock, First Vice President / Regional Manager / National Director

National Manufactured Home Communities Group
Michael L. Glass, First Vice President / District Manager / National Director 
National Multi Housing Group
John S. Sebree, First Vice President / National Director 
National Office and Industrial Properties Group
Alan L. Pontius, Senior Vice President / National Director 
National Retail Group
Bill Rose, First Vice President / National Director 
National Self-Storage Group
Joel Deis, Regional Manager / National Director 
National Seniors Housing Group
Alan L. Pontius, Senior Vice President / National Director 
National Student Housing Group
Alan L. Pontius, Senior Vice President / National Director 
Net Leased Properties Group
Alan L. Pontius, Senior Vice President / National Director, Office and Industrial
Bill Rose, First Vice President / National Director, Retail 
Note Advisory Services
William E. Hughes, Senior Vice President 
Special Assets Services
Alan L. Pontius, Senior Vice President / National Director 

























 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













hessam' | eBay




Please enable JavaScript 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser, then try again.





 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAntiquesArtBabyBooksBusiness & IndustrialCameras & PhotoCell Phones & AccessoriesClothing, Shoes & AccessoriesCoins & Paper MoneyCollectiblesComputers/Tablets & NetworkingConsumer ElectronicsCraftsDolls & BearsDVDs & MovieseBay MotorsEntertainment MemorabiliaGift Cards & CouponsHealth & BeautyHome & GardenJewelry & WatchesMusicMusical Instruments & GearPet SuppliesPottery & GlassReal EstateSpecialty ServicesSporting GoodsSports Mem, Cards & Fan ShopStampsTickets & ExperiencesToys & HobbiesTravelVideo Games & ConsolesEverything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification  {"url":"http://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250} 
Related: 
				sabzi nechita mouly alvar ilyayev frederick hart erte tarkay abrishami steve kaufman azoulay fazzino















Refine


moreFormatFormat


All Listings - Current page

Auction
Buy It Now
Classified ads




Sort: Best Match

Best Match



Time: ending soonest
Time: newly listed
Price + Shipping: lowest first
Price + Shipping: highest first
Distance: nearest first



View: LIST






Gallery view 
Customize... 






54
results for hessam'

Follow hessam' to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.
Unfollow hessam' to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.
Yay! You're now following hessam' in your eBay Feed.You will receive email alerts for new listings. Don't send me e-mail alerts.




	   Follow this search









  hessam': 
 












Items in search results











Hessam Abrishami - Tender Shoulders- Huge Serigraph on Canvas Romance 36" x 36"




					$249.97

									Was: Previous Price
$499.95




				or Best Offer




Free shipping




						50% off







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Wed, Aug. 2













Hessam Abrishami - Daylight Dream - Huge Serigraph on Canvas Love




					$249.97

									Was: Previous Price
$499.95




				or Best Offer




Free shipping




						50% off







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Wed, Aug. 2













Hessam Abrishami - Splendid Evening- Huge Serigraph on Canvas Party - LAST 1!!




					$499.95



				or Best Offer




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Wed, Aug. 2













Hessam Abrishami - Tender Shoulders - Huge Serigraph on Canvas Romance




					$249.97

									Was: Previous Price
$499.95




				or Best Offer




Free shipping




						50% off







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Wed, Aug. 2













Hessam Abrishami LIMITED EDITION Serigraph Artist Print "Shiny Star"  29" x 36")




					$195.00



				Buy It Now

















Hessam Abrishami - Tender Shoulders - Huge Serigraph on Canvas Romance



$299.95


0 bids




Free shipping




















Original Limited Edition Paper Serigraph Framed "Sweet 16" Hessam Abrishami




					$495.00



				or Best Offer
















HESSAM ABRISHAMI "DESIREE" | SIGNED SERIGRAPH | 27 x 35" | MATTED | SEE LIVE*




					$825.00

									Was: Previous Price
$1,100.00




				or Best Offer




Free shipping




						25% off













Hessam Abrishami - Tender Shoulders - Huge Serigraph on Canvas  36" x 36"




					$469.95



				or Best Offer




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Wed, Aug. 2













HESSAM ABRISHAMI TENDER SHOULDERS SERIGRAPH ON CANVAS 36X36 SIGNED #264/295 W/CO




					$449.95

									Was: Previous Price
$499.95




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




						10% off







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Wed, Aug. 2


















Hessam Abrishami,Incmoparable 377/495 ,Collectors editions signed,10x 12 inch




					$250.00



				Buy It Now
















Hessam Abrishami Enjoyable 32x32 ,Collectos Edition 185/195 signed




					$699.00



				or Best Offer
















Hessam Abrishami Wings of Morning 10x12 1/2 on paper Deluxe Suite 377/495




					$150.00



				Buy It Now
















Hessam Abrishami,Young Star 10x11 inch,369/495, original Collectors Edition,




					$150.00



				Buy It Now
















Hessam Abrishami   Time to be Together  Serigraph Large  (44" x 33") COA Signed




					$625.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping
















Hessam Abrishami - Tender Shoulders - Ltd Ed  Serigraph Framed Numbered Signed




					$745.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping
















Hessam Abrishami SONG OF ROMANCE - Ltd. Ed. serigraph on paper



$200.00


0 bids




					$275.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




















HESSAM "GLORY OF DESIRE" WOOD FRAMED SERIGRAPH LTD ED COA




					$1,195.00



				or Best Offer

















Hessam Abrishami "Glory of Desire" Hand Signed Limited Ed Giclee on Canvas w/CoA




					$2,500.00



				or Best Offer
















HESSAM ABRISHAMI "GLORY OF DESIRE (DOLCEMENTE SUITE)" | SIGNED GICLEE/CANVAS




					$1,200.00

									Was: Previous Price
$1,600.00




				or Best Offer




Free shipping




						25% off













Hessam Abrishami,Deluxe Suite,Collectors Editions ,signed,10x12 1/2inch,,AP20/50




					$299.00



				Buy It Now
















Abrishami Hessam "Adoration'' Signed Serigraph 48x24 on Canvas Ltd Ed 146/295




					$2,500.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping
















HESSAM "QUIET SUNSET" WOOD FRAMED SERIGRAPH LTD ED COA




					$1,195.00



				or Best Offer
















Large Hessam Abrishami Time To Be Together Serigraph Framed 61 "x 47", COA




					$1,495.00



				or Best Offer
















HESSAM ABRISHAMI Original Sketch




					$1,200.00



				or Best Offer
















Hessam Abrishmi, Wing Of Morning 378/495, 10x12 inch,original signed




					$150.00



				Buy It Now
















Hessam GLORY OF DESIRE Signed L/E Canvas Serigraph wCOA - NOT a Print or Giclee!




					$965.00



				Buy It Now
















Abrishami Hessam 'In My Arm'' Signed Giclee on Canvas 24x48 Ltd Ed 34/145




					$2,500.00



				Buy It Now





















*Hessam Limited Edition Collection*




					$6,999.00



				or Best Offer
















Abrishami Hessam 'Faces Suite'' Signed Serigraph 12x12 Each Panel Ltd Ed 96/395




					$2,500.00



				Buy It Now





















Abrishami Hessam 'Innocent Heart'' Signed Gallery Wrap Giclee 20x23 LE 143/395




					$2,500.00



				Buy It Now





















HESSAM **FREE FROM TIME** SIGNED CANVAS SERIGRAPH




					$1,400.00



				or Best Offer
















Art Festival Exhibition 1987 Hessam-Acrylic-Original-W-COA-Great-Investment




					$1,250.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Tue, Aug. 1













Hessam oil on canvas painting




					$9,800.00



				or Best Offer
















Hessam Signed Artist Proof Serigraph- "Loves Curtain"




					$2,200.00

									List price: Previous Price
$3,100.00




				or Best Offer
















Paradise POSTER PRINT BY IRANIAN ARTIST HESSAM ABRISHAMI Unframed Free Shipping



$22.99


0 bids




Free shipping




















Hessam Abrishami Large Beautiful Canvas Framed 66x32 Signed Limited 295/395 SALE




					$1,500.00



				or Best Offer
















Art Festival Exhibition 1988 Hessam Acrylic Original W/COA Great Investment




					$1,250.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Tue, Aug. 1













HESSAM - ORIGINAL OIL ON CANVAS - PURITY




					$25,000.00



				or Best Offer
















Hessam - ORIGINAL PAINTING ON PAPER - UNTITLED




					$7,500.00



				or Best Offer
















Real Dream 1994 POSTER PRINT BY IRANIAN ARTIST HESSAM ABRISHAMI  FREE SHIPPING



$22.99


0 bids




Free shipping




















HESSAM'S  "VENICE NIGHTS"




					$2,000.00



				or Best Offer
















HESSAM ABRISHAMI SOLID Bronze Cast SIGNED FRAMED Sculpture "UNBRIDLED" HORSE COA




					$4,000.00



				or Best Offer













The Paintings Of Hessam A Retrospective By Abbas Daneshvari




					$30.00



				Buy It Now
















Iconic Hessam sculpture "Revelation - 31", #45/45 in sold-out series.



$10,500.00


0 bids




					$14,000.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




















Hessam Abrishami - Beyond Borders - Large Serigraph on Canvas Party Dance RARE!!



$449.95


0 bids




Free shipping




















FINE ART BOOK by Hessam Abrisham "Expressions of Love"




					$35.01



				Buy It Now













Object Oriented Systems Analysis and Design by Hessam Ashrafi Paperback Book (En




					$258.27



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisObject Oriented Systems Analysis and Design by Hessam Ashrafi Paperback Book (En


















Fable  POSTER PRINT BY IRANIAN ARTIST HESSAM ABRISHAMI 31.5 X 24 Free Shipping



$22.99


0 bids




Free shipping




















Hessam Abrishami "Movement and Color-Series IV" Fable Fine Art Print




					$8.95



				Buy It Now
















Hessam Abrishami "Movement and Color-Series" Real Dream Fine Art Print




					$9.95



				Buy It Now













'Hessam Abrishami In Absence of Color' Art Catalog 2008





					$14.75



				or Best Offer













Object Oriented Systems Analysis and Design by Hessam Ashrafi and Noushin...




					$56.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisObject Oriented Systems Analysis and Design by Hessam Ashrafi and Noushin...




					From Malaysia










New listing
		Hessam Abrishami - Tender Shoulders - Large Serigraph on Canvas Romance 36 x 36




					$249.97

									Was: Previous Price
$499.95




				or Best Offer




Free shipping




						50% off







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Wed, Aug. 2













Tell us what you think



eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.
eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More















Search refinements





Categories

All

Art
(50)




Art Prints from Dealers & Resellers
(37)


Paintings from Dealers & Resellers
(7)




Art Posters
(3)


Sculptures & Carvings from Dealers & Resellers
(2)


Other Art Direct from the Artist
(1)


More





Books
(4)


Show more







Condition
see allCondition




New
(5)





Used
(2)





Not Specified
(47)





Price



Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.
			$ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price 





Format
see allFormat




All Listings(filter applied)
(54)




Auction
(7)




Buy It Now
(49)




Item Location
see allItem Location




Default(filter applied)





Within


Within
2 miles5 miles10 miles15 miles25 miles50 miles75 miles100 miles150 miles200 miles500 miles750 miles1000 miles1500 miles2000 miles of Enter your ZIP code 
						Go

Please enter a valid zipcode





US Only





North America





Worldwide






see allSellerSeller





Delivery Options
see allDelivery Options




Free shipping





Show only
see allShow only




Returns accepted





Completed listings





Sold listings





Deals & Savings





More refinements...































*Learn about pricing




		 This page was last updated:  Jul-27 00:02. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.
















Greg Lane Fine Arts











 






































 

 











Hessam   
                                      64 Pieces Found 
                                   













 
                                  









Artwork 


Click on an image or title for more detail... 
                                        

 
 


 
 
 





 Next 6 





  

















Adoration


Medium: Hand Embellished Canvas


 












Afternoon Amore


Medium: Giclee on Canvas


 












Afternoon Memory


Medium: None


 


 










Agoura Road - Landscape suite


Medium: Giclee on Canvas


 












Alluring (Bronze)


Medium: Bronze Sculpture


 












Attached (bronze)


Medium: Bronze Sculpture


 


 











 Next 6 





 
















Search by Title 
 
             Adoration 
	     
             Afternoon Amore 
	     
             Afternoon Memory 
	     
             Agoura Road - Landscape suite 
	     
             Alluring (Bronze) 
	     
             Attached (bronze) 
	     
             Autumn Eve 
	     
             Beyond Borders (Canvas) 
	     
             Charming (Bronze) 
	     
             Closer Hearts 
	     
             Color of Passion 
	     
             Dancer (bronze) 
	     
             Daylight Dream 
	     
             Dream Lover's Day 
	     
             Dream of Beauty 
	     
             Dreaming (Bronze) 
	     
             Embrace (bronze) 
	     
             Essence of Love (Canvas) 
	     
             Expressions of Love Book Suite - Everlasting 
	     
             Expressions of Love Book Suite - Innocent Heart 
	     
             Expressions of Love Book Suite - Irresistible Love 
	     
             Expressions of Love Book Suite - Nature's Melody 
	     
             Fiorenza (sold as Faces suite only) 
	     
             First Spring (Original) 
	     
             Free From Time 
	     
             Harmonic Night 
	     
             Harmony (bronze) 
	     
             In My Arms 
	     
             Indian Summer 
	     
             Inseparable (bronze) 
	     
             Internal Beauty 
	     
             Intimacy (bronze) 
	     
             Love Addiction 
	     
             Love Birds 
	     
             Lover's Harmony 
	     
             Morning Glory 
	     
             My Valentine 
	     
             Nude Night 
	     
             Ocean Park 
	     
             Pure Impression 
	     
             Revelation (bronze) 
	     
             Rosalia (sold as Faces suite only) 
	     
             Scent of Sicily 
	     
             Self Expression (Canvas) 
	     
             Sensations 
	     
             Serenity Suite (Bronze) 
	     
             Setar Player (bronze) 
	     
             Sienna (sold as Faces suite only) 
	     
             Simple Event 
	     
             Splendid Evening 
	     
             Spring Dream 
	     
             Sunset Hills - Landscape Suite 
	     
             Sweet Afternoon (Toccare) 
	     
             Swept Away (Original) 
	     
             Taste of Tuscany 
	     
             Tender Shoulder 
	     
             The Mirror 
	     
             Time To Be Together 
	     
             Time To Be Together 
	     
             Touching The Night 
	     
             Twilight Dance 
	     
             Venetia (sold as Faces suite only) 
	     
             Westlake Village - Landscape Suite 
	     
             Wishing (Bronze) 
	     
          


  


All Artists 
 
       Agam 
	     
       Alvar 
	     
       Amrani 
	     
       Appell 
	     
       Behrens, Howard 
	     
       Bohlmann, Sherri Hatchett 
	     
       Boulanger 
	     
       Bragg, Charles 
	     
       Britto, Romero 
	     
       Buffet, Guy 
	     
       Colinet, Claire 
	     
       Cook, Beryl 
	     
       Cutrone, Ronnie 
	     
       Dali, Salvador 
	     
       Del Orfano, Daniel 
	     
       Delacroix, Michel 
	     
       Earle, Eyvind 
	     
       Erte 
	     
       Erte Jewelry 
	     
       Erte Objects D' Art 
	     
       Erte Sculptures 
	     
       Fairchild, Roy 
	     
       Farley, Malcolm 
	     
       Fazzino, Charles 
	     
       Fields, Chester 
	     
       Gaylord 
	     
       Gerstein, David 
	     
       Ginzburg, Yankel 
	     
       Gorg, Jurgen 
	     
       Grass, Florian 
	     
       Haihara, Nobu 
	     
       Hallam, Kerry 
	     
       Haring, Keith 
	     
       Hart, Frederick 
	     
       Hessam 
	     
       Jason, Mario 
	     
       Jiang 
	     
       Katz, Alex 
	     
       Kaufman, Steve 
	     
       Kent, Melanie Taylor 
	     
       King, Mark 
	     
       Kiraly, John 
	     
       Kondakova, Liudmila 
	     
       Kostabi, Mark 
	     
       Ledan, Fanch 
	     
       MacDonald, Richard 
	     
       Mack, Bill 
	     
       Markus, Csaba 
	     
       Mas, Felix 
	     
       Max, Peter 
	     
       Mccann, Barbara 
	     
       Mcknight, Thomas 
	     
       Merriam, Daniel 
	     
       Miro, Joan 
	     
       Mlinar, Frane 
	     
       Morris, Robin 
	     
       Nechita, Alexandra 
	     
       Neiman, Leroy 
	     
       Nix, Patricia 
	     
       Park, S. Sam 
	     
       Parmenter, Ramon 
	     
       Pedestals 
	     
       Picasso, Pablo 
	     
       Pino 
	     
       Pinto, Claudio Souza 
	     
       Pradzynski, Thomas 
	     
       Reardon, Gwen 
	     
       Renoux, Andre 
	     
       Rios, Susan 
	     
       Rockwell, Norman 
	     
       Royo 
	     
       Rut, Tomasz 
	     
       Sahall 
	     
       Schluss, David 
	     
       Sergey 
	     
       Shvaiko, Viktor 
	     
       Simbari, Nicola 
	     
       Stiltz, Thomas 
	     
       Suljakov, Vadik 
	     
       Tarkay, Itzchak 
	     
       Treby, Janet 
	     
       Tuan, Nguyen 
	     
       Wegner, Paul 
	     
       Wilkinson, Michael 
	     
       Zjawinska, Joanna 
	         





            10457 SW 22nd Place ~ Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33324
          954 473-0313 ~ Toll Free 888 473-0313 ~ Fax 954 473-6873
info@greglanefinearts.com


______________________________________________________________________


 Exquisite Art for Home and Business
            Wholesaler of fine art since 1986.
Condition Guaranteed: we can help locate any artist or work of art on the market today. 
 

Privacy Policy   Return Policy

















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Search for 
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip

















