





Naples Global Advisors – Putting the Odds of Investment Success in Your Favor


















































 



















Investment Philosophy
Our Team
Commentary
Contact Information
Terms of Use
Navigation Welcome and thank you for your interest in Naples Global Advisors. Headquartered in Southwest Florida, we are an employee-owned investment advisory firm registered with the SEC. We offer personalized investment management services for individual and institutional investors built on a philosophy that seeks to put the odds of success in the client's favor.
 Naples Global Advisors, LLC
720 Fifth Avenue South
Suite 200
Naples, FL 34102

 




















Investment Philosophy – Naples Global Advisors

















































 



    				Investment Philosophy    			


 NGA's investment philosophy is built around the following three key tenets:
- To first understand a client's objectives and capacity for risk. We then seek to effectively manage the first level of the risk/return equation through proper asset allocation.
- To build logically diversified portfolios using a global opportunity set of publicly traded securities that are vetted and then thoughtfully assembled using a fundamental valuation discipline.
- To administer portfolios with a view toward long term absolute returns and principal stability, with an on-going awareness of and sensitivity to the ever changing dynamics of global economies, capital markets, and clients’ personal circumstances.
NGA's core equity philosophy is focused on a security’s valuation: relative to peers, to the overall market, and to its historical metrics. The key company characteristics used in the initial screening process include high and consistent return on equity, low levels of debt, low relative valuation, and a history of sharing profitability with equity holders through consistent and growing cash dividends. This is first accomplished with quantitative screens that allow for identification of a more manageable grouping of stocks that can then be analyzed more fundamentally. Once identified for inclusion in the portfolios, a diverse (by sector, geography, and capitalization) grouping of publicly traded businesses are then assembled on an account-by-account basis and actively monitored for progress. NGA’s conviction is that value oriented investment disciplines have historically provided the highest risk adjusted returns.
NGA’s core fixed income philosophy is centered around reducing overall portfolio volatility and providing for principal stability and high current yields. Relative valuation plays an integral component as NGA portfolio managers seek to exploit inefficiencies adding yield that is frequently over looked by institutional managers. We typically will not take excessive duration, maturity, or credit risk in fixed income positions recognizing the superior results normally available from equities for similar levels of risk. Fixed income segments will be diversified among treasury and government agency debt, corporate and municipal bonds, and supplemented by select exchange-traded and closed-end funds. Hybrid and securitized debt securities are also utilized as yield enhancers.


	Home 

















John M. Suddeth, Jr., CFA – Naples Global Advisors


















































 



    				John M. Suddeth, Jr., CFA    			



 BS Finance Auburn University
MBA Georgia State University
John has 25 years’ experience in investment management.  In addition to his undergraduate and master’s degrees, John has earned the right to use the Chartered Financial Analyst designation, and has been a CFA charterholder since 1996. The CFA designation is globally recognized and attests to a charterholder's success in a rigorous and comprehensive study program in the field of investment management and research analysis. Before co-founding Naples Global Advisors, John served as a portfolio manager with Suntrust and Northern Trust and was the director of investments for the A.I. du Pont Trust in Jacksonville, Florida.  He joined with Michael Morris to form Naples Capital Advisors in 2007 and now serves as a founding Principal and Chief Investment Officer of Naples Global Advisors.
Contact:
moc.s1501122184rosiv1501122184dalab1501122184olgse1501122184lpan@1501122184htedd1501122184us.j1501122184
 (239) 776-7902


	Return to Our Team 

















Kerry M. Geroy, CTFA – Naples Global Advisors


















































 



    				Kerry M. Geroy, CTFA    			



 BA Sociology University of Florida
Kerry has resided in Naples since 1981 and began providing trust and investment management services to clients in and around the Naples area in 1990.  In addition to her undergraduate degree, Kerry graduated from the Florida Bankers Association Trust School in 1993 and later earned her Certified Trust and Financial Advisor (CTFA) certification.  Before joining Naples Global Advisors as a Principal, Kerry served in key administrative roles with Suntrust, Comerica, National City and Naples Capital Advisors.  Kerry now serves as the Compliance Officer for Naples Global Advisors and is the firm’s trust and estate administration specialist.
Contact:
moc.s1501122184rosiv1501122184dalab1501122184olgse1501122184lpan@1501122184yoreg1501122184.k1501122184
 (239) 776-7905


	Return to Our Team 













Naples Global Advisors LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg




































































  









Feedback



























naples global advisors llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Naples Global Advisors, LLC operates as an investment advisory company. The Company provides asset management, investment strategies, and consulting services. Naples Global Advisors serves individual and institutional investors worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

720 5th Avenue South
Suite 200
Naples, FL 34102
United States


Phone:
1-239-776-7900


Fax:
1-239-776-7909


Web url:
www.naplesglobaladvisors.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Michael H Morris


CEO/Founding Principal




John M Suddeth Jr


Chief Invsmt Ofcr/Founding Principal




Greg S Debski


Principal/Investment Analyst




Tracey L Maddox


Principal







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































Our Team – Naples Global Advisors


















































 



    				Our Team    			



Michael H. Morris

Tracey L. Maddox

John M. Suddeth, Jr., CFA

Kerry M. Geroy, CTFA

Greg S. Debski, CFA

Niki T. Whelan

Isaac E.W. Codrey CFA, CAIA
 













Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












﻿





























Naples Global Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for AT&T Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor AT&T Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Barton Investment Management Raises Stake in Walt Disney Company (The) (NYSE:DIS)
Naples Global Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T)
Private Advisor Group LLC Raises Position in Dominion Energy Inc. (D)
TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Increases Position in Summit Materials, Inc. (SUM)
Wellington Management Group LLP Has $6.44 Million Stake in Level 3 Communications, Inc. (NYSE:LVLT)
Teachers Advisors LLC Cuts Position in Ameren Corporation (AEE)
Teachers Advisors LLC Cuts Stake in United Rentals, Inc. (URI)
Meredith Corporation (MDP) Shares Sold by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC
Six Flags Entertainment Corporation New (SIX) and Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN) Financial Contrast
Head-To-Head Contrast: Forbes Energy Services (FES) & C&J Energy Services (CJES)
Critical Contrast: Nustar Energy L.P. (NYSE:NS) and TransMontaigne Partners L.P. (TLP)
Head to Head Analysis: Toro (NYSE:TTC) & Lindsay Corporation (LNN)
Head to Head Analysis: Strata Skin Sciences (SSKN) and Unilife Corp (UNIS)
Head to Head Analysis: Littelfuse (LFUS) & Powell Industries (POWL)
Critical Contrast: CareTrust REIT (CTRE) and LTC Properties (LTC)
RGC Resources Inc. (RGCO) Plans $0.15 Quarterly Dividend
Schroder UK Mid & Small Cap Fund plc (LON:SCP) to Issue GBX 3.10 Dividend
Safety Income & Growth Inc (SAFE) Chairman Jay Sugarman Buys 50,000 Shares
voxeljet AG (VJET) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.08
Glatfelter (GLT) versus Neenah Paper (NP) Head-To-Head Comparison



 


Naples Global Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T)

					Posted by Francis Steltz on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments 



Naples Global Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of  AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) by 1.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 65,740 shares of the technology company’s stock after buying an additional 632 shares during the period. AT&T comprises about  1.0% of Naples Global Advisors LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 15th largest position. Naples Global Advisors LLC’s holdings in AT&T were worth $2,732,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in  AT&T by 0.7% in the fourth quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. now owns 98,137 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $4,174,000 after buying an additional 729 shares during the period.  Meiji Yasuda Asset Management Co Ltd. boosted its stake in  AT&T by 5.8% in the fourth quarter. Meiji Yasuda Asset Management Co Ltd. now owns 256,126 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $10,893,000 after buying an additional 14,070 shares during the period.  Beaumont Financial Partners LLC boosted its stake in  AT&T by 28.3% in the fourth quarter. Beaumont Financial Partners LLC now owns 195,192 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $8,301,000 after buying an additional 43,098 shares during the period.  Armor Investment Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in  AT&T during the fourth quarter worth about $1,667,000.  Finally, Cipher Capital LP boosted its stake in  AT&T by 84.2% in the fourth quarter. Cipher Capital LP now owns 49,509 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $2,105,000 after buying an additional 22,634 shares during the period. 55.32% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get AT&T Inc. alerts:



Shares of AT&T Inc. (T) opened at 36.22 on Wednesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $37.71 and a 200 day moving average of $39.89. AT&T Inc. has a 12-month low of $35.81 and a 12-month high of $43.50. The company has a market cap of $222.68 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.71 and a beta of 0.47. 




AT&T (NYSE:T) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, July 25th. The technology company reported $0.79 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.74 by $0.05. The company had revenue of $39.84 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $39.84 billion. AT&T had a return on equity of 14.22% and a net margin of 7.77%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 1.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.72 earnings per share.  On average, equities analysts expect that  AT&T Inc. will post $2.89 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 1st. Investors of record on Monday, July 10th will be paid a $0.49 dividend. This represents a $1.96 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 5.41%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, July 6th. AT&T’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 96.08%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Naples Global Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T)” was first  published by Stock Observer and is the sole property of of Stock Observer. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/26/naples-global-advisors-llc-has-2-73-million-stake-in-att-inc-nyset-updated-updated.html. 
A number of research firms have issued reports on T. Instinet  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $45.00 target price (down from $46.00) on shares of AT&T in a research note on Sunday, April 2nd. Argus  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $51.00 price objective on shares of AT&T in a research note on Monday, April 10th. Wells Fargo & Company  restated an “outperform” rating on shares of AT&T in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $48.00 price objective on shares of AT&T in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. initiated coverage on shares of AT&T in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $40.00 price objective for the company. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned  a hold rating, ten have given a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the stock. The company  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $43.55.
About AT&T
AT&T Inc is a holding company. The Company is a provider of communications and digital entertainment services in the United States and the world. The Company operates through four segments: Business Solutions, Entertainment Group, Consumer Mobility and International. The Company offers its services and products to consumers in the United States, Mexico and Latin America and to businesses and other providers of telecommunications services worldwide.







Receive News & Ratings for AT&T Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AT&T Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Barton Investment Management Raises Stake in Walt Disney Company  





Naples Global Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in AT&T Inc. 





TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Increases Position in Summit Materials, Inc. 





Private Advisor Group LLC Raises Position in Dominion Energy Inc. 





Meredith Corporation  Shares Sold by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC





Teachers Advisors LLC Cuts Stake in United Rentals, Inc. 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 









































NAPLES GLOBAL ADVISORS, LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    NAPLES GLOBAL ADVISORS, LLC











Company number L11000072299
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Florida Limited Liability
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 6/21/2011
        

Principal Address
            400 4TH AVENUE N, NAPLES, 34102
            


Mailing Address 400 4TH AVENUE N, NAPLES, FL, 34102
        
NAPLES GLOBAL ADVISORS, LLC Principals

Manager
                Morris Michael
                 


Address
                400 4TH AVENUE N, NAPLES, FL, 34102
                 



Manager
                Suddeth John
                 


Address
                1899 MISSION DRIVE, NAPLES, FL, 34109
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name MORRIS              MICHAEL (p)
        

Agent Address
                400 4TH AVENUE N, NAPLES, FL, 34102
                

Description
NAPLES GLOBAL ADVISORS, LLC has been set up 6/21/2011 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The NAPLES GLOBAL ADVISORS, LLC principal adress is 400 4TH AVENUE N, NAPLES, 34102. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 400 4TH AVENUE N, NAPLES, FL, 34102. 
The company`s registered agent is MORRIS              MICHAEL 400 4TH AVENUE N, NAPLES, FL, 34102.  
The company`s management are Manager - Morris Michael, Manager - Suddeth John.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
NAPLES GLOBAL CONSULTING, INC.
NAPLES GLOBAL HOLDINGS LLC
NAPLES GLOBAL INTERNET LLC
NAPLES GLOBAL TRADING LLC
NAPLES GLOBAL WEALTH LLC
NAPLES GMS, INC.















Naples Global Advisors Reviews | Financial Advisory Firm






























































 

Naples Global Advisors


@naples_global_advisors





			Rating: 0



1
2
3
4
5
Your Rating: 



0 Reviews - Submit Your Rating



		http://www.naplesglobaladvisors.com	






Claim This Profile





 
 
		Info & Reviews
		



 
 
		Activity
		



 
 
		Answers
		


 



Naples Global Advisors Reviews & Info

Other Names Used: Naples Global Advisors Llc...see more 
Advisors that work at Naples Global Advisors	

Contact:


720 5th Avenue South Ste. 200
Naples, FL 34102
                    				




					Main Number: 239-776-7900				


 
Categories:
N/A


		 
	

Naples Global Advisors Review Highlights


TOTAL RECOMMENDATIONS
0



Recommend

0











Naples Global Advisors Reviews


No reviews found for Naples Global Advisors


					Be the first to write a review













Follow


0 Followers


0 Following







Ask Naples Global Advisors a Question
Send Naples Global Advisors a direct message


			This correspondence is public. Instead, send a direct message. 


			This is a direct message. Instead, ask a public question. 






or Sign In


Post my question
send message
140





Share or Get your friends opinion about Naples Global Advisors








Wallet Points 



Q&A
0


Followers
0


Misc
0


Total
0





						I'm Following
		
No users followed


Information on this page is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for any other purpose or advice. In addition, this information does not originate from us and thus, we do not guarantee its accuracy.
You can check the profile page of each professional or company to determine whether they are a paying advertiser (indicated by the word "sponsored"). Regardless of advertiser status, none of the listings, reviews, or other information on Wallet Hub constitutes, in any way, a referral or endorsement by us of the respective financial company or professional, or vice versa. Furthermore, it is important to note that the inclusion of a financial company or professional on Wallet Hub does not necessarily indicate their involvement with the site or control over the information that we display.  Information is displayed first and foremost for the benefit of consumers.



report abuse




Reviews













Get unlimited free credit scores & reports
Sign up for free credit monitoring
get your free credit score & report

Join WalletHub
+ 100% Free
+ Unlimited Credit Reports
+ Unlimited Credit Scores
+ Credit Monitoring Protection
+ Credit Improvement Tips
+ Automatically Finds Savings

JOIN FOR FREE
No credit card needed





















﻿

























Naples Global Advisors LLC Buys 79 Shares of Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Pfizer Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Pfizer Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Lithia Motors (LAD) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds
YorkBridge Wealth Partners LLC Has $259,000 Stake in Eli Lilly and Company (LLY)
Dow Chemical Company (The) (DOW) Shares Bought by Intrust Bank NA
Karp Capital Management Corp Buys Shares of 58,422 LendingClub Corporation (LC)
ARRIS International PLC (ARRS) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc.
Karp Capital Management Corp Purchases New Position in Brookline Bancorp, Inc. (BRKL)
Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc.
Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Increases Position in Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST)
Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc.
Intelsat (I) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds
Investors Sell Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) on Strength on Insider Selling
E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD) Shares Bought by TD Asset Management Inc.
11,794 Shares in Boise Cascade, L.L.C. (BCC) Acquired by Karp Capital Management Corp
Dynegy Inc. (DYN) Position Held by Swiss National Bank
Swiss National Bank Maintains Stake in Nevsun Resources (NSU)
Inovalon Holdings, Inc. (INOV) Shares Sold by Swiss National Bank
UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $3.26 Million Stake in Trinity Industries, Inc. (TRN)
Karp Capital Management Corp Takes Position in Anworth Mortgage Asset Corporation (ANH)
Head to Head Analysis: Juniper Pharmaceuticals (JNP) vs. Parnell Pharmaceuticals Holdings (NASDAQ:PARN)
Brokerages Anticipate Pool Corporation (POOL) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $982.66 Million


 


Naples Global Advisors LLC Buys 79 Shares of Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE)

Posted by Tim Parker on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 

Naples Global Advisors LLC raised its position in Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) by 0.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 24,552 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock after buying an additional 79 shares during the period. Naples Global Advisors LLC’s holdings in Pfizer were worth $840,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other large investors have also made changes to their positions in PFE. Cleararc Capital Inc. increased its position in shares of Pfizer by 2.7% in the fourth quarter. Cleararc Capital Inc. now owns 175,788 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $5,710,000 after buying an additional 4,600 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its position in shares of Pfizer by 3.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 320,794,199 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $10,419,393,000 after buying an additional 10,838,463 shares in the last quarter. Farr Miller & Washington LLC DC increased its position in shares of Pfizer by 8.0% in the fourth quarter. Farr Miller & Washington LLC DC now owns 86,183 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $2,799,000 after buying an additional 6,412 shares in the last quarter. Peregrine Asset Advisers Inc. increased its position in shares of Pfizer by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. Peregrine Asset Advisers Inc. now owns 7,287 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $237,000 after buying an additional 33 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Horizon Investments LLC purchased a new position in shares of Pfizer during the fourth quarter valued at about $877,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 69.95% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Pfizer Inc. alerts:



Shares of Pfizer Inc. (NYSE PFE) opened at 33.62 on Thursday. Pfizer Inc. has a one year low of $29.83 and a one year high of $37.39. The company has a market cap of $200.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 28.30 and a beta of 1.01. The company’s 50-day moving average is $33.17 and its 200-day moving average is $33.25. Pfizer also saw some unusual options trading activity on Tuesday. Investors bought 21,983 put options on the stock. This represents an increase of 351% compared to the typical daily volume of 4,871 put options.




Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The biopharmaceutical company reported $0.69 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.67 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $12.78 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $13.09 billion. Pfizer had a net margin of 24.49% and a return on equity of 21.23%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.67 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts predict that Pfizer Inc. will post $2.55 EPS for the current year. 
The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 1st. Stockholders of record on Friday, August 4th will be given a dividend of $0.32 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, August 2nd. This represents a $1.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.81%. Pfizer’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 108.48%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Naples Global Advisors LLC Buys 79 Shares of Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE)” was originally reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/20/pfizer-inc-nysepfe-stake-increased-by-naples-global-advisors-llc-updated.html. 
PFE has been the topic of several analyst reports. Sanford C. Bernstein reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $35.00 target price on shares of Pfizer in a research note on Monday, April 24th. Societe Generale restated a “neutral” rating and set a $36.00 price objective on shares of Pfizer in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and set a $35.00 price objective (up previously from $34.00) on shares of Pfizer in a research report on Friday, July 14th. BidaskClub downgraded shares of Pfizer from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, July 13th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Pfizer from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, July 14th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company. Pfizer currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $37.78.
About Pfizer
Pfizer Inc (Pfizer) is a research-based global biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in the discovery, development and manufacture of healthcare products. Its global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines, as well as consumer healthcare products. The Company manages its commercial operations through two business segments: Pfizer Innovative Health (IH) and Pfizer Essential Health (EH). 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Pfizer Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pfizer Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































Global Strategic Advisors, LLC                                                                                           - Naples                                            , FL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



Naples



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            Global Strategic Advisors, LLC
                                    



 





















G 


Global Strategic Advisors, LLC                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



260 18TH AVE S NAPLES, FL 34102
Get Directions



(239) 692-8792
 





Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated FL
 Annual Revenue $160,771.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts Gary L Knutsen                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Global Strategic Advisors, Llc                                                                                           was founded in 2011, and is located at 260 18th Ave S in Naples. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting Gary L Knutsen                                                                                                           at (239) 692-8792. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







G

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




















Naples Global Advisors – Putting the Odds of Investment Success in Your Favor


















































 



















Investment Philosophy
Our Team
Commentary
Contact Information
Terms of Use
Navigation Welcome and thank you for your interest in Naples Global Advisors. Headquartered in Southwest Florida, we are an employee-owned investment advisory firm registered with the SEC. We offer personalized investment management services for individual and institutional investors built on a philosophy that seeks to put the odds of success in the client's favor.
 Naples Global Advisors, LLC
720 Fifth Avenue South
Suite 200
Naples, FL 34102

 



























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


