


NASH HOLDINGS, INC. (ROBERT NASH, PRESIDENT) Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      NASH HOLDINGS, INC. (ROBERT NASH, PRESIDENT)
                    

•   BALDWINSVILLE, NY
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Nash Holdings, Inc. (robert Nash, President) is based out of Baldwinsville.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-11-18.  The notice  included securities offered of Equity
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 3



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from NASH HOLDINGS, INC. (ROBERT NASH, PRESIDENT), enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




nash holdings, inc. (robert nash, president)


8666 GASKIN RD.

BALDWINSVILLE
NY
                                                        
                                                    13027


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      3156522274







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 11/18/2016
D/A filed on 07/01/2016
D filed on 02/10/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-11-18
D/A
OTHER

      Equity
    
20,000,000
0
20,000,000


2016-07-01
D/A
OTHER

      Equity
    
20,000,000
0
20,000,000


2014-02-10
D
RESTAURANTS

      Equity
    
20,000,000
0
20,000,000




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




ROBERT JAMES  NASH

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















 

Nash Holdings Inc (robert Nash President) - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/143281-nash-holdings-inc-robert-nash-presidentsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=143281  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Nash Holdings Inc (robert Nash President)Company DetailsGet alertedif Nash Holdings Inc (robert Nash President) gets funded!Nash Holdings Inc (robert Nash President)Funding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkBaldwinsvilleIndustry:Consumer Products and Services Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors February 7th, 2014Undisclosed-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Nash Holdings Inc (robert Nash President) gets funded?Key peopleROBERT NASHDirector, Executive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!










 




Robert Nash: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 3:30 AM ET
Professional Services

Company Overview of Compass Energy Holdings, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Robert   Nash  Senior Vice President, Compass Energy Holdings, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 2 different industries.56--
Background

		Mr. Robert Nash serves as Senior Vice President of Compass Energy Holdings, Inc. Mr. Nash serves as Senior Vice President of Travel Center Partners, Inc. He has over 25 years of experience in residential loan originations FHA, VA, Conventional, USDA Rural, sub- prime and private lenders. Mr. Nash has targeted commercial loan originations for the last three years, as broker with growing network of lenders in many niche programs. He specializes in originating loans secured ... with monthly account receivables, equipment, brick and mortar, unsecured lines of credit and private blanket loans. Mr. Nash has many successes with private equity, commercial lenders, and succeeding with new Wall St. associations, like the CommitForum and CROA.com which both 2011 and 2012 was invited to participate with the "Closing Bell Ceremonies" at the NYSE Euronex. Mr. Nash has a degree in business from the Ridley- Lowell School of Business.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
3170 Holmestown RoadMyrtle Beach, South Carolina 29588United StatesPhone: 843-274-5974Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
Travel Center Partners, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Compass Energy Holdings, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Robert Nash Launches “Nash Holdings Philanthropy Program” for Businesses, Charities 









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Robert Nash Launches “Nash Holdings Philanthropy Program” for Businesses, Charities




















February 04, 2016 00:01 ET

 | Source: Nash Holdings Inc






NEW YORK, Feb.  04, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- “Nash Holdings Philanthropy Program” – under Nash Holdings, Inc. (NHI), a New York Company, announced their program launch, available worldwide. About “NHI Philanthropy Program”: Nash Holdings, Inc. – (NHI) www.NashHoldingsInc.com is a partner of a leading worldwide foundation which is assisting the world with humanity and business in very unique and heartfelt ways.  NHI is based in New York State and is a perfect example of why this group is generously changing lives daily around the world. “Our mission is to assist in making the world a more humane, greener, healthier, and more peaceful place to live and also conduct business by creating job opportunities with upward growth advancement for all who dedicate themselves to business, with NHI as the example.  NHI is a promoter of corporate social responsibility, philanthropy and needs of the world,” stated Robert Nash, President of Nash Holdings, Inc. This opportunity may only be available for a limited time to qualified business owners, non-profits or related persons that have the financial capability with at least $250k USD working capital and with the promise to use their grant awarded funds for job creation and humanitarian related social causes.  This program and the foundation’s process for creating these grants of capital with the foundation’s capabilities, are fully transparent and following all required regulations of the largest worldwide banks, U.S. Bank Reserve, U.S. Department of Treasury and world leading governments to mention a few.  The program grant amounts are from $1 to $50 million USD availability. About Nash Holdings:  NHI's business model and foundation is in commercial real estate development with food, beverage, hospitality and entertainment.  In 2015, Nash Holdings has acquired partnerships in Europe for many advanced technologies, bio medical, scientific advancements. “Nash Holdings” is one of the “first national companies” to participate in the “U.S. Congressional Federal JOBS ACT” and “Regulation D, 506C General Solicitation” filing with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission.  Nash Holdings was a 2014, 2015 and current 2016 “Featured Gold Company Member” with the Corporate Responsibility Association (CRA) and its Annual Commit!Forum events, predominately Fortune 500 CEO/Executives, held partially in the past, at the NYSE EURONEXT including “Closing Bell Ceremonies” a couple times each year.  Nash has been a Corporate CRA Member who joined in 2011. Nash Holdings, Inc.  –  Forward Looking Statement:  www.Nash.Holdings/forwardlooking  Contact:  www.NashHoldingsInc.com  at:   (315) 652-2274


Related Articles
other press releases by Nash Holdings Inc


Video Release -- Robert Nash Launches the Company,  “U DO IT ~ CREDIT FIXER,”  With Educational Book & Sales Marketing Plan
July 15, 2015 00:01


Robert Nash Launches "ALIVE ALOE" Drinks Foods, an Exclusive Worldwide Nutrition Distribution Company
March 18, 2015 01:00


Photo Release -- Nash Holdings, Inc. Completes Regulation D 506C Filing - NEW JOBS ACT Participation
February 17, 2014 03:00


Nash Holdings, Inc. Seeks a NASDAQ Small Cap to Complete Merger With Our Value
August 27, 2013 12:56






462



other news releases in

Product / Services Announcement

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Nash Holdings Inc





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Baldwinsville, New York, UNITED STATES
  http://nashholdingsinc.com/









Media Files



Nash Holdings Inc  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        








Tags
Philanthropy
Charity Non Profits
Business
Grants
Job Creation
minority women owned business
capital grants
wall street
food bev




Related Links


Philanthropy Program Grants Provided














Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.







Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















 



































Robert Nash Launches "Nash Holdings Philanthropy Program" for Businesses, Charities | Benzinga

















Benzinga


Benzinga Pro


Marketfy


Financial Data & APIs


Fintech Awards


Premarket Prep







Membership is FreeWhat are you waiting for? Sign up now!
Username: 


Username available!Username taken!
Email: 


Email available!Email taken!
Password: 



Leave blank: 




OR




Free Account Login
Click here to access your premium account

Username or email: 



Password: 




OR

Forgot password?'

Looking for



?

CLICK HERE




  Contribute Login Sign up  

 
 
 


Benzinga - Feed Your Mind.












HomeBest of Benzinga
Careers
About
Contact Us
Partners
Benzinga Fintech Awards

NewsEarnings
Guidance
Dividends
M&A
Buybacks
Legal
Interviews
Management
Retail Sales
Offerings
IPOs
Insider Trades
Biotech/FDA

MarketsPre-Market
After Hours
Movers
Forex
Commodities
Options
Binary Options
Bonds
Futures
Global Economics
Previews
Reviews
Small-Cap

RatingsAnalyst Color
Downgrades
Upgrades
Initiations
Price Target

IdeasLong Ideas
Short Ideas
Technicals
From The Press
Jim Cramer
Rumors
ETFs

TechStart-Ups

Fintech
Personal Finance
Marketfy
Benzinga Pro

















Market Overview















TickersArticlesKeywordsSearch by keyword...googlecse


 



 
 






Robert Nash Launches "Nash Holdings Philanthropy Program" for Businesses, Charities





Globe Newswire 
 

      {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}}
     



                    February 04, 2016 12:01am                  
 
Comments







Share:
 





 

NEW YORK, Feb.  04, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- "Nash Holdings Philanthropy Program" – under Nash Holdings, Inc. (NHI), a New York Company, announced their program launch, available worldwide.
About "NHI Philanthropy Program": Nash Holdings, Inc. – (NHI) www.NashHoldingsInc.com is a partner of a leading worldwide foundation which is assisting the world with humanity and business in very unique and heartfelt ways.  NHI is based in New York State and is a perfect example of why this group is generously changing lives daily around the world. "Our mission is to assist in making the world a more humane, greener, healthier, and more peaceful place to live and also conduct business by creating job opportunities with upward growth advancement for all who dedicate themselves to business, with NHI as the example.  NHI is a promoter of corporate social responsibility, philanthropy and needs of the world," stated Robert Nash, President of Nash Holdings, Inc. This opportunity may only be available for a limited time to qualified business owners, non-profits or related persons that have the financial capability with at least $250k USD working capital and with the promise to use their grant awarded funds for job creation and humanitarian related social causes.  This program and the foundation's process for creating these grants of capital with the foundation's capabilities, are fully transparent and following all required regulations of the largest worldwide banks, U.S. Bank Reserve, U.S. Department of Treasury and world leading governments to mention a few.  The program grant amounts are from $1 to $50 million USD availability. About Nash Holdings:  NHI's business model and foundation is in commercial real estate development with food, beverage, hospitality and entertainment.  In 2015, Nash Holdings has acquired partnerships in Europe for many advanced technologies, bio medical, scientific advancements. "Nash Holdings" is one of the "first national companies" to participate in the "U.S. Congressional Federal JOBS ACT" and "Regulation D, 506C General Solicitation" filing with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission.  Nash Holdings was a 2014, 2015 and current 2016 "Featured Gold Company Member" with the Corporate Responsibility Association (CRA) and its Annual Commit!Forum events, predominately Fortune 500 CEO/Executives, held partially in the past, at the NYSE EURONEXT including "Closing Bell Ceremonies" a couple times each year.  Nash has been a Corporate CRA Member who joined in 2011. Nash Holdings, Inc.  –  Forward Looking Statement:  www.Nash.Holdings/forwardlooking  Contact:  www.NashHoldingsInc.com  at:   (315) 652-2274



View Comments and Join the Discussion!
 

View the discussion thread.









 










        Newsletter & Alerts
      










          Become a Wall-Street Wizard.
        




Market in 5 Minutes
Everything you need to know about the market - quick & easy.





Daily Analyst Rating
A summary of each day’s top rating changes from sell-side  analysts on the street.





FinTech Focus
Yesterday’s biggest gainers and losers. As well as 10 stocks to keep an eye on for Today






TERMS & CONDITIONS





Thank You
for registering for Benzinga’s newsletters and alerts.



            • The Daily Analysts Ratings email will be received daily between 7am and 10am.
          

            • The Market in 5 Minutes email will be received daily between 7am and 8am.
          

            • The Fintech Focus email will be received every Friday between 2pm and 5pm.
          


          If you have any questions as it relates to either of the three newsletters, please feel free to contact us at  1-877-440-ZING.
        









Trending
Recent








1
MOH, CGEN: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session


2
AMD: Citi Still Selling AMD, Concerned About Profitability


3
AKAM, TANH: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session


4
EW, AMGN: Earnings Scheduled For July 25, 2017


5
AMD: AMD's Big Run Continues With Q2 Earnings Beat


6
Bitcoin Cash Is Coming: What Investors Need To Know


7
ALK, BA: Earnings Scheduled For July 26, 2017

 





1
Fed Keeps Rates Steady; Hints Balance Sheet Selloff Is 'Soon'


2
KRO, IMGN: Four Stocks Breaking Out


3
AMGN: 'Poor Quality' Amgen Earnings Beat Doesn't Impress T...


4
FB: Facebook Beats Q2 Estimates, Daily Active Users Up 17%


5
FB, WYNN: Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From July 26


6
NVS: Reduced Risk, Upcoming Pipeline Inspire Bull Case For...


7
F, TSLA: Get 'Em While They're Hot: UK Sets 23...

 






 



View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. 



 












          Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content.
        





Popular ChannelsAnalyst Ratings
Be Your Own Boss
ETFs
Economics
Forex
Hot
News
Options
Press Releases
Start-ups
Tech
Tools & FeaturesAffiliate Program
PreMarket Prep
Feeds
News Widget
Real Time Feed
Sitemap
Submit News Tips
About BenzingaAbout Us
Licensing and APIs
Apps (iOS and Android)
Fintech Awards
Blog
Syndication
In the News
Careers
Service Status
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


Benzinga Partners
 


 


1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING)
© Copyright Benzinga






























Robert Nash, Findit Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  






















Feedback





Robert Nash

Vice Chairman/President/Secy,
Findit Inc






Career History




Vice Chairman/President/Secy
Findit Inc, 2/2015-PRESENT


Vice Chairman/President/Secy
Artemis Energy Holdings Inc, UNKNOWN-2/2015


Vice Chair/Pres/Secy/Treasurer
Artemis Acquisition Corp, 6/2013-7/2013


Senior VP/Secretary
Artemis Acquisition Corp, UNKNOWN-6/2013


Show More









Website:
www.findit-inc.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1596 Lavista Road Northeast
Atlanta, GA 30329
United States


Phone:
1-404-443-3224


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.findit-inc.com











From The Web












Memberships



Board Memberships




Artemis Acquisition Corp


Vice Chairman, 6/2013-7/2013




Artemis Energy Holdings Inc


Vice Chairman, FORMER









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































