



























































Timothy J. McNaughton |  | stltoday.com



























You are the owner of this image.

 Edit Image
 Add New Image




























Sign Up

                        Log In
                    





Dashboard
  Logout







My Account
 Dashboard
 Profile
 Saved items

 Logout









Subscribe
Customer service









                                Subscriber services
                            



                                        Contact us
                                    


                                        E-edition
                                    


                                        Contests
                                    


                                        Apps
                                    


                                        Newsletters
                                    



                                Obits
                            




                                Archives
                            






                                News
                            



                                        Columnists
                                    


                                        Law and order
                                    


                                        Education
                                    


                                        Databases
                                    


                                        Obits
                                    


                                        Political Fix
                                    


                                        National politics
                                    


                                        Nation
                                    


                                        Illinois
                                    


                                        Metro
                                    


                                        St. Charles
                                    


                                        Weather
                                    


                                        City crime tracker
                                    


                                        Public salary database
                                    





                                Sports
                            



                                        Cardinals
                                    


                                        Blues
                                    


                                        Mizzou
                                    


                                        SLU
                                    


                                        NFL
                                    


                                        Golf
                                    


                                        Soccer
                                    


                                        Forums
                                    


                                        Columnists
                                    


                                        Chats
                                    





                                Opinion
                            



                                        Letters to the editor
                                    


                                        St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists
                                    





                                Business
                            



                                        Top Workplaces
                                    


                                        PR
                                    


                                        Columnists
                                    


                                        Advancing St. Louis
                                    





                                High schools
                            



                                        Schedules
                                    


                                        Schools
                                    


                                        Sports
                                    


                                        Stats
                                    





                                Go! Entertainment
                            



                                        Books
                                    


                                        Calendar
                                    


                                        Comics & games
                                    


                                        Dining
                                    


                                        Music
                                    


                                        Movies
                                    


                                        Television
                                    


                                        Theater & arts
                                    


                                        Columnists
                                    


                                        STL 100: Best restaurants
                                    





                                Lifestyles
                            



                                        Advice
                                    


                                        Automotive
                                    


                                        Fashion
                                    


                                        Food and cooking
                                    


                                        Drink
                                    


                                        Health
                                    


                                        Home and Garden
                                    


                                        Parenting
                                    


                                        Pets
                                    


                                        Religion
                                    


                                        Travel
                                    


                                        St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists
                                    


                                        Feast Magazine
                                    


                                        St. Louis' Best Bridal
                                    


                                        Ladue News
                                    





                                Annnouncements
                            



                                        Legal notices
                                    


                                        People in Business
                                    


                                        Press releases
                                    


                                        Weddings
                                    





                                Multimedia
                            



                                        Photos
                                    


                                        Videos
                                    


                                        Chats
                                    


                                        Forums
                                    





                                Buy/Sell
                            



                                        Classifieds
                                    


                                        Real estate
                                    


                                        Business Directory
                                    


                                        Print ads
                                    


                                        Newspaper ads
                                    


                                        Page reprints
                                    



                                Weekly Ads
                            




                                Autos
                            




                                Jobs
                            




                                Homes
                            


























        
        Timothy J. McNaughton
    





Aug 19, 2011

 (…)

































































Timothy J. McNaughton (St. Charles County Department of
Corrections photo)








Tags


Timothy Mcnaughton


Timothy J. Mcnaughton






As featured on

















        

        
        Man charged with stealing women's underwear in St. Charles


Police say he took them from the laundry room at an apartment
complex


























































 View (…) comments













                
                Latest news
                
                    













        

        
        How to split a pot of money? Equal may not always be equitable.













        

        
        McClellan: Butch returns to St. Louis as Tom













        

        
        A bronze dog and a broken golf cart













        

        
        Votes by St. Louis area members of Congress on clean air, Trump taxes, administration appointments













        

        
        Blind Missourians' 11-year court battle for money they're owed may be nearing its end















                
                From CNN
                
                    





















        

        
        Bride-to-be killed by cop after calling 911





















        

        
        Family of slain woman 'desperate' for answers





















        

        
        Some say these tapes swayed the O.J. verdict

















                
                From the AP
                
                    













        

        
        From Spicer's resignation to Simpson's parole, here's what you missed this week













        

        
        Trump Jr., Manafort consider private interview with senators













        

        
        The Latest: Trump complains on Twitter about 'illegal leaks'













        

        
        Israel sends more troops to West Bank after stabbing, unrest


































© Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.

















   Timothy Naughton | Avalonbay Communities Inc | ZoomInfo.com








Timothy J. Naughton - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Timothy J. Naughton
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President at AvalonBay Communities, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Timothy J. Naughton? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Timothy J. Naughton's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Timothy J. Naughton's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Timothy J. Naughton's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Timothy J. Naughton through your network of contacts.
												








Timothy J. Naughton's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President, 
AvalonBay Communities, Inc.


Board Member, 
Welltower Inc.


Board Member, 
Park Hotels & Resorts Inc.


Past
To view Timothy J. Naughton's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
56

 
 


Timothy J. Naughton's Biography



Timothy J. Naughton has served as a director on our Board since January 2017. Mr. Naughton currently serves as the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (NYSE: AVB) ("AvalonBay"). Mr. Naughton has served as Chairman of the Board of AvalonBay since May 2013, as Chief Executive Officer since January 2012, and as President since February 2005. Joining AvalonBay's predecessor entity in 1989, Mr. Naughton served as Chief Operating Officer of AvalonBay from 2001 until 2005, as Senior Vice President, Chief Investment Officer from 2000 until 2001 and as Senior Vice President and Vice President, Development and ...
(Read More)

			Timothy J. Naughton has served as a director on our Board since January 2017. Mr. Naughton currently serves as the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (NYSE: AVB) ("AvalonBay"). Mr. Naughton has served as Chairman of the Board of AvalonBay since May 2013, as Chief Executive Officer since January 2012, and as President since February 2005. Joining AvalonBay's predecessor entity in 1989, Mr. Naughton served as Chief Operating Officer of AvalonBay from 2001 until 2005, as Senior Vice President, Chief Investment Officer from 2000 until 2001 and as Senior Vice President and Vice President, Development and Acquisitions from 1993 until 2000. Mr. Naughton currently serves on the board of directors of Welltower Inc. (NYSE: HCN), serves as the Chair of the NAREIT, is a member of The Real Estate Round Table, is a member and past chairman of the Multifamily Council of the Urban Land Institute and is a member of the Real Estate Forum. Mr. Naughton received his Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School and received his Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics with High Distinction from the University of Virginia, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. 
Mr. Naughton brings to our Board industry-specific experience in the real estate sector, including as chief executive officer of a real estate investment trust, as well as his extensive public company directorship experience.
		
Source: Park Hotels & Resorts Inc. on 04/05/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Timothy J. Naughton's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Timothy J. Naughton. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Timothy J. Naughton's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Timothy J. Naughton's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Timothy J. Naughton through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Timothy J. Naughton


















Timothy J. Naughton's Connections (114)





Sign up now to view Timothy J. Naughton's 114 connections »









Patricia M. Bedient
Board Member, Suncor Energy Inc.









Sergio D. Rivera
Dir., President, and Chief Executive Officer, Vacation Ownership, ILG, Inc.









Gordon M. Bethune
Board Member, Sprint Corporation









Erin C. Ibele
Former President, Welltower Foundation, Welltower Inc.









George L. Chapman
Former Consultant, Welltower Inc.









Bryce Blair
Board Member, Regency Centers Corporation









Christie B. Kelly
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated









Scott A. Estes
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Welltower Inc.









Alan B. Buckelew
Chief Operations Officer, Carnival









Thomas J. Baltimore
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Park Hotels & Resorts Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993






















Timothy J. Naughton Joins Health Care REIT, Inc. Board Of Directors - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Timothy J. Naughton Joins Health Care REIT, Inc. Board Of Directors






Business Wire




Dec 18, 2013 5:01 PM EST













 




























































  Health Care REIT, Inc. (NYSE:HCN) announced today that Timothy J. Naughton, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and President of AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (NYSE:AVB), has been named to its board of directors.  “We enthusiastically welcome Tim Naughton to Health Care REIT’s board of directors,” commented George L. Chapman, Chairman and CEO of Health Care REIT, Inc. “Tim is a well-known, highly-regarded leader in the REIT and multi-family housing industries. As the current CEO of a leading, publicly-traded REIT, Tim will bring unique, strategic insight gleaned from being the leader of one of the most progressive, well-managed companies in a comparable real estate sector.”  Mr. Naughton has over 20 years of experience in the REIT and commercial real estate sectors. AvalonBay Communities, Inc. is a real estate investment trust with $22 billion in enterprise value focused on developing, redeveloping, acquiring and managing high-quality apartment communities in high barrier-to-entry markets of the United States.  Prior to being named CEO of AvalonBay in January 2012, Mr. Naughton served as President for seven years, where he was responsible for the performance and coordination of various activities, including development, redevelopment, construction, acquisitions, dispositions, asset management and property operations. Prior to becoming President, Mr. Naughton served AvalonBay in a variety of capacities, including Chief Operating Officer, Chief Investment Officer and Regional Vice President of Development and Acquisitions. Mr. Naughton has been with AvalonBay or its predecessors since 1989.  Mr. Naughton received his Master’s Degree in Business Administration from Harvard Business School in 1987 and earned his undergraduate degree in Economics from the University of Virginia in 1983, where he graduated with High Distinction and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. Mr. Naughton is a member of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (NAREIT), where he serves on the Executive Committee; the Real Estate Round Table; the National Multi-Housing Council, where he serves on the Executive Committee; and the Multifamily Product Council of the Urban Land Institute.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Analysts' Actions -- Alaska Air, Canon, Greenlight Capital, Johnson Controls, Welltower and More
Here are Monday's top research calls, including upgrades to Canon, Alaska Air, Johnson Controls, and Welltower, and a downgrade to IAC/InterActivecorp.



Copy Desk

Mar 20, 2017 8:56 AM EDT
























REITs Will Be All Right Despite Rising Rates
Rising interest rates will not hurt real estate investment trusts.



William Romov

Mar 9, 2017 3:03 PM EST
























Bullish and Bearish Reversals in the Market
Finding the stocks that have changed direction.



Guy Ortmann

Feb 27, 2017 2:33 PM EST
























Welltower Tops Fourth Quarter Estimates
Welltower topped analysts' top- and bottom-line expectations.



Tony Owusu

Feb 22, 2017 7:45 AM EST








































 











Trending


50 Reasons Dying Sears Had to Strike a Deal With the Ruthless Amazon


Amazon 'Deceptive' Pricing Probe by the FTC Could Be the Start of a Government Siege


Don't Sleep on General Electric's Cheap Stock Price


Sears Just Surrendered to Amazon With Kenmore Deal


Amazon Is Catching Heat in Washington on 5 Things Related to Its Whole Foods Deal











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Timothy J Naughton - Oakton, VA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Timothy J Naughton in Oakton, VA


Timothy J Naughton

                                                                           Intelius found that Timothy J Naughton  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Oakton, VA.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Timothy J Naughton is in his 50s

Timothy Has Lived In

Oakton, VA
Fairfax, VA
Boston, MA

Timothy's Relatives

Diane Naughton
Rita Naughton
Thomas Naughton
Daniel Naughton







Timothy J Naughton



Zodiac SignAries



GenderMale



Professional Status
Operations Manager at Synchrony Venture Management



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Timothy? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Timothy, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Timothy J Naughton
Get a Criminal Check on Timothy J Naughton
Get a Public Record Report on Timothy J Naughton
Get a People Search Report on Timothy J Naughton


Timothy J Naughton's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Timothy J Naughton has lived as well as Timothy J Naughton's phone numbers and email addresses.




Timothy J Naughton Has Lived in 3 States
Virginia Address for Timothy J Naughton


2793 M******* L*** D* 

Oakton, VA


Has Lived In

Oakton, VA
Fairfax, VA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Timothy J Naughton

(703) ***-**** - Oakton, VA 
(703) ***-**** - Fairfax, VA 
(703) ***-**** - Oakton, VA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Timothy J Naughton



Get Email Report




Timothy J Naughton's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Timothy J Naughton's academic history.  Find out which schools Timothy J Naughton attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Timothy J Naughton received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Timothy J Naughton Has Attended 3 Schools
University of Washington 2009 – 2011               Timothy J Naughton has a Postbac in Biochemistry               
Hult International Business School               2006 – 2007               Timothy J Naughton has a MBA in Management, Finance               
Arizona State University               1992 – 1997               Timothy J Naughton has a BA in Accounting/linguistics               


Timothy J Naughton's Professional Information
Information regarding Timothy J Naughton's professional history.  Find out previous places Timothy J Naughton has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Timothy J Naughton Has Worked at 8 Places
Company: Synchrony Venture Management
               Title: Operations Manager
Company: Millennium Training Institute
               Title: Instructor
Timothy J Naughton's Experience
Title: Operations Manager
               Company: Synchrony Venture Management
Job Details
               Privately Held; 1-10 employees; Management Consulting industry. Synchrony Venture Management assists multinational firms in the design, development and management of corporate venture capital (CVC) programs. Our services help clients to acquire competitive advantage-conferring capabilities through investments in, and partnerships with, entrepreneurial ventures. Using our patent-pending proprietary Innovation Capital™ system, we create and manage programs that align the interests of our clients, co-investors and entrepreneur-partners.
Title: Instructor
               Company: Millennium Training Institute
Job Details
               Educational Institution; 11-50 employees; Professional Training & Coaching industry. Millennium Training Institute (MTI) was founded in 1999 as a Massachusetts corporation located in Woburn, MA. MTI is an accredited institution thru the Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges of Technology (ACCSCT). The school is licensed by Massachusetts' Board of Education to provide both career and educational training to improve student's long-term career opportunities. MTI provides training in Business and Medical Administration, Clinical Medical Assistant and IT Networking. In its first two years, MTI delivered career training in a part-time format; students enrolled during evening and weekend hours while working full-time during the day. These students were looking to expand their current knowledge and skill level, or looking to begin a new and exciting career path. In 2001, MTI was approved as a Massachusetts training provider for the Division of Career Services (DCS), the Workforce Investment Act (WIA), and the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and for National Emergency Grants. Receiving approval to become a Massachusetts training provider created an opportunity for MTI to offer career-training tracks in a full-time format to dislocated and low-income prospective students.  In 2001 with enrollment growing steadily, MTI was ready to expand. A second, satellite facility was opened in Cambridge, MA. The Cambridge school enjoyed rapid growth and in 2003 the school was relocated to a larger space at 263 Summer Street, in the city of Boston.  In 2006 MTI was again ready to expand its operation. A second satellite facility was opened at 19 Bridge Street in the city of Lowell, MA. Because of the demographics of the area this facility is expected to reach the same potential growth as our Boston facility.
Additional Professional Information on Timothy J Naughton

 See Timothy J Naughton's LinkedIn Profile



Timothy J Naughton's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Timothy J Naughton


Timothy J Naughton's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Timothy J Naughton's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Timothy Naughton
Username Matches

                  TimothyNaughton
                  NaughtonTimothy
                  Timothy.Naughton
                  Naughton.Timothy
                  Timothy_Naughton
                  Naughton_Timothy
                  Timothy-Naughton
                  Naughton-Timothy
                  TNaughton
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
T Naughton







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











 


Timothy Naughton | Professional Profile
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Timothy NaughtonManager - Fund Treasury at SEILocationGreater New York City AreaIndustryFinancial ServicesCurrentSEI InvestmentsPreviousSEIEducationWest Virginia University159 connectionsView Timothy’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Timothy’s Full ProfileExperienceManager - Fund Treasury DepartmentSEI InvestmentsMay 2004  –  Present (13 years 3 months)I manage the expense budgets for over 500 traditional mutual funds and Collective Investment Trusts that SEI is the Administrator on.  This would include building all new funds' initial proforma budgets, closing funds' final expenses, new business estimates, financial expense tables, etc.  Fund Accounting ManagerSEIMarch 2000  –  May 2004 (4 years 3 months)Fund Accounting SupervisorSEIDecember 1998  –  April 2000 (1 year 5 months)Fund AccountantSEIJanuary 1997  –  1998 (1 year)Staff Fund AccountantSkillsMutual FundsFund AccountingEquitiesHedge FundsAlternative InvestmentsSecuritiesAsset ManagementFixed IncomeFinancial ServicesFund Of FundsHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationWest Virginia UniversityBS, FinanceBS, Finance1992  –  1996Activities and Societies: Sigma ChiView Timothy’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Timothy directlyView Timothy’s Full ProfileNot the Timothy you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanChinese (Simplified)People Also ViewedBarbara Dombrowski--Gary Hodum--Mark SanvidoProduction ConsultantBarbara Dombrowski--Jeanelle Mitchell--Barbara Dombroski--Daniel BoyerTreasury Manager at SEI Investments CompanyMark SanvidoMD at Sanvido & Sons Pty LtdHailey StegallSalon Owner/StylistApril SchanzelAdministrative Assistant/Program Coordinator, Insitute for Healthcare Education at Menorah ParkPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Timothy NaughtonFirst NameLast NameExample:  Timothy NaughtonTimothy NaughtonSoftware EngineerUnited StatesTimothy NaughtonSenior Financial AnalystUnited StatesTimothy P. NaughtonUnited StatesTimothy NaughtonStudent at North Carolina State UniversityUnited StatesTimothy NaughtonFinancial ManagementUnited StatesMore professionals named Timothy NaughtonJobs similar to Timothy’sSEI jobsLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country























PK Timothy J. Naughton Insider Trades for Park Hotels & Resorts Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Park Hotels & Resorts Inc.

                  NYSE: PK
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Park Hotels & Resorts Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:11 p.m.


PK

/quotes/zigman/81810451/composite


$
26.65




Change

+0.02
+0.07%

Volume
Volume 13,327
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/81810451/composite
Previous close

$
			26.48
		


$
				26.63
			
Change

+0.15
+0.57%





Day low
Day high
$26.47
$26.75










52 week low
52 week high

            $24.65
        

            $33.40
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Timothy J. Naughton



Mr. Timothy J. Naughton is Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer at AvalonBay Communities, Inc., a Member at National Multifamily Housing Council, a Member at The Real Estate Roundtable and Member-Multifamily Council at The Urban Land Institute. He is on the Board of Directors at Welltower, Inc. and National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, Inc. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Virginia and an MBA from Harvard Business School.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/30/2017
947


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/31/2017
962


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/24/2017
2,734


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Tom J. Baltimore 
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Sean M. Dellorto 
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP




Mr. Bill  Murphy 
Chief Technology & Information Officer




Mr. Robert D. Tanenbaum 
Executive Vice President-Asset Management




Mr. Harald  Feurstein 
General Manager




Mr. Christopher  Silcock 
Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Martin  Rinck 
Executive Vice President & President-Asia Pacific




Mr. Joseph  Berger 
Executive Vice President & President-Americas




Mr. Rudolf  Tröstler 
General Manager-Hilton Pattaya Property




Ms. Bernadette  Gilligan 
General Manager-Hilton London Wembley




Mr. William F. Kornegay 
Senior Vice President-Supply Management




Mr. Bruce  McKenzie 
Senior Vice President-China & Mongolia Operations




Mr. Radi  Karnib 
Regional Director-Field Technology Services




Mr. Ehab  Zaki 
Regional Director-Field Technology Services




Mr. Phil  Cordell 
Global Head-Hampton Brand Management




Mr. Rudi  Jagersbacher 
President-Middle East & Africa Area




Mr. George J. Massa 
VP & Managing Director-Mexico Development




Mr. Matt  Wehling 
Vice President & Managing Director-Development




Ms. Jennifer L. Silberman 
Vice President-Corporate Responsibility




Ms. Dottie Donnelly Brienza 
Senior Vice President-Global Talent Management




Mr. Matthew L. Richardson 
Head-Architecture, Design & Construction




Mr. Simon Robert Vincent 
Executive Vice President & President-EMEA




Mr. James E. Holthouser 
Executive Vice President-Global Brands




Mr. Xianyi  Mu 
Director




Dr. Geoffrey  Garrett 
Director




Mr. Timothy J. Naughton 
Director




Ms. Patricia M. Bedient 
Director




Mr. Robert G. Harper 
Director




Mr. Christopher J. Nassetta 
Director




Mr. Jon Meade Huntsman 
Director




Mr. William J. Stein 
Director




Ms. Judith A. McHale 
Director




Mr. John G. Schreiber 
Director




Mr. Douglas M. Steenland 
Director




Ms. Elizabeth A. Smith 
Director




Mr. Stuart  Foster 
Vice President-Marketing




Ms. Judy  Christa-Cathey 
VP-Global Brand Marketing & Hilton Garden Inn




Mr. Mark D. Wang 
Executive Vice President-Global Sales




Mr. Darren W. Robb 
Chief Accounting Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Matthew W. Schuyler 
Chief Human Resources Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Thomas C. Morey 
Senior Vice President & General Counsel
















Log In




8:14 AM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:01aStocks brace for volatility as earnings peak weak, Fed meeting loom 
6:00a4 questions you should never answer at work
6:00aThe shocking amount guests now have to spend to attend a wedding
8:34pCharges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
6:09pIf you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
6:07p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
6:06pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
6:06pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
5:37pA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Our leadership




 

























AVALON COMMUNITIES

























Search for Communities

State
California
Connecticut
District of Columbia
Maryland
Massachusetts
New Jersey
New York
Rhode Island
Texas
Virginia
Washington


City/Area
  Metro DC
 All Massachusetts
 All Northern California
 All Southern California
 Greater East Bay
 Greater Los Angeles
 Greater San Diego
 Greater San Francisco
 Maryland
 Tri-State Area
 Virginia
 Washington DC
Acton
Agoura Hills
Alexandria
All Connecticut
All New Jersey
All New York
All Rhode Island
All Texas
All Washington
Anaheim
Andover
Arlington
Artesia
Baltimore
Bedford
Bellevue
Berkeley
Bloomfield
Bloomingdale
Boston
Bothell
Bronxville
Brooklyn
Burbank
Burlington
Calabasas
Camarillo
Cambridge
Campbell
Canoga Park
Canton
Carlsbad
Central Jersey
Chestnut Hill
Chino Hills
Cohasset
Columbia
Coram
Costa Mesa
Dallas
Daly City
Danbury
Darien
Dedham
Dublin
Easton
Edgewater
El Cajon
Elmsford
Encino
Fairfax County
Fairfield County
Falls Church
Florham Park
Flower Mound
Foster City
Framingham
Freehold
Fremont
Gaithersburg
Garden City
Glen Cove
Glendale
Glendora
Great Neck
Greater Boston
Hackensack
Hingham
Hoboken
Houston
Hunt Valley
Huntington Beach
Huntington Station
Irvine
Irving
Issaquah
Jersey City
Kirkland
La Mesa
Lake Forest
Laurel
Lawrenceville
Lexington
Long Beach
Long Island
Long Island City
Los Angeles
Lyndhurst
Lynnwood
Mamaroneck
Maplewood
Marina del Rey
Marlborough
Melville
Mercer Island
Merrifield
Metrowest
Middlesex County
Milford
Mission Viejo
Monmouth County
Montgomery County
Morristown
Mountain View
Nanuet
Natick
New Canaan
New York City
Newcastle
Newton
North Bergen
North Bethesda
North Hollywood
North Jersey
North Potomac
North Shore
Northborough
Norwalk
Orange County
Ossining
Owings Mills
Pacifica
Pasadena
Peabody
Plainsboro
Plano
Pleasanton
Plymouth
Pomona
Princeton
Providence
Queens
Quincy
Rancho Santa Margarita
Randolph
Redmond
Renton
Renton
Reston-Herndon
Rockville
Rockville Centre
Roseland
Sammamish
San Bruno
San Diego
San Dimas
San Francisco
San Jose
San Marcos
San Rafael
Santa Monica
Seal Beach
Seattle
Sharon
Sheepshead Bay
Shelton
Shrewsbury
Silver Spring
Simi Valley
Smithtown
Somers
Somerset
Somerville
South Shore
Stamford
Stratford
Studio City
Sudbury
Sunnyvale
Thousand Oaks
Tinton Falls
Trumbull
Tustin
Tysons Corner
Union
Union City
Venice
Ventura County
Vista
Walnut Creek
Waltham
Watchung
West Hollywood
West Long Branch
West Windsor
Westbury
Westchester
Wharton
Wheaton
White Plains
Wilmington
Wilton
Wood-Ridge
Woodland Hills
Yorba Linda














    Our leadership



 
Timothy J. Naughton
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Tim is Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President and has been a director of AvalonBay since September 2005. He has served as Chairman of the Board since May 2013, as Chief Executive Officer since January 2012, and as President since February 2005. Tim’s prior roles included serving as the Company’s Chief Operating Officer, Chief Investment Officer, and Regional Vice President—Development and Acquisitions. Tim has been with AvalonBay and its predecessors since 1989.
Tim is a director of Welltower Inc., a publicly traded investor in healthcare real estate, and Park Hotels & Resorts Inc., a publicly traded hotel real estate investment trust. He serves as Chairman of NAREIT, is a member of The Real Estate Round Table, is a member and past chairman of the Multifamily Council of the ULI, and is a member of the Real Estate Forum. 
Tim received his Masters of Business Administration from Harvard Business School in 1987 and earned his undergraduate degree in Economics with High Distinction from the University of Virginia, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa.










 

Kevin O'Shea
Chief Financial Officer
Kevin has been AvalonBay’s Chief Financial Officer since June 2014. Prior to that he was Executive Vice President—Capital Markets, from January 2013 to May 2014 and Senior Vice President—Investment Management after joining the Company in July 2003 until January 2013.
Kevin is a Trustee of Urban Edge Properties, a publicly traded REIT, where he serves as the Chair of the Audit Committee.
Prior to joining the Company, Kevin was an Executive Director at UBS Investment Bank, where his experience included real estate investment banking. Earlier in his career, he practiced commercial real estate and banking law as an attorney.
Kevin received his Masters Degree in Business Administration from Harvard Business School, his J.D. from Southern Methodist University and his undergraduate degree from Boston College.










 
Matthew H. Birenbaum
Chief Investment Officer
Matt became Chief Investment Officer in January 2015. He is responsible for AvalonBay’s investment strategy and oversees the Investments, Design, Sustainability/Corporate Responsibility and Market Research functions. Before assuming his current position, he was Executive Vice President—Corporate Strategy, a position he held from October 2011 until January 2015. 
Prior to joining AvalonBay in October 2011, Matt was the founding principal of Abbey Road Property Group, LLC, a multi-family development and investment firm based in Arlington, Virginia since 2006 and before that a Senior Vice President at EYA (formerly Eakin/Youngentob Associates). Prior to joining EYA in 2003, he was a Regional Vice President of Development with the Company.
Matt received his Bachelor of Arts from Brown University, where he graduated Phi Beta Kappa, and his Masters Degree from The Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University, where he graduated with honors. He is an active member of ULI and is certified LEED AP, and serves on the Board of the Arlington Partnership for Affordable Housing (APAH).










 
Sean J. Breslin
Chief Operating Officer
Sean is Chief Operating Officer, a position he has held since January 2015, with responsibility for the Company’s operating platform, including Property Operations, Asset Management, Engineering, Redevelopment, and Marketing and Brand Strategy. He was previously the Company’s Executive Vice President—Investments and Asset Management since April 2012 with overall responsibility for AvalonBay’s investment and operating platforms, including property operations, asset management and redevelopment, and investment activity, including acquisitions, dispositions and investment strategy. Sean’s other roles included Senior Vice President—Redevelopment and Asset Management and Senior Vice President—Investments. 
Prior to joining AvalonBay in 2002, he was the Chief Operating Officer of CWS Capital Partners.
Sean received his Bachelors Degree from California State University, Long Beach and his Masters of Business Administration from the University of Texas. He is a member of the Executive Committee of NMHC and is past Chair of ULI’s Multifamily Council. He is also a member of the Executive Committee of the Real Estate Finance & Investment Center at the University of Texas at Austin and a member of the Board of Directors of the American Red Cross.










 
Michael M. Feigin
Chief Construction Officer
Michael is AvalonBay’s Chief Construction Officer. Prior to joining AvalonBay in June 2014, he was Corporate Vice President Global Procurement and Travel for AECOM, an engineering and construction services company, from May 2012 to May 2014. Before that he was SVP Corporate Operations at AECOM from January 2012 to May 2012, SVP General Counsel at Weeks Marine from May to August 2011 and Managing Director for Navigant Consulting from September 2010 to May 2011, working with clients to manage risk in their organizations. Prior to that, from September 2006 to December 2009 he was Global Construction Industry Practice Leader for Marsh, an insurance broker and risk advisor. From October 2005 to September 2006, Michael served as Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of Bovis Lend Lease Holdings, Inc. (now Lend Lease Americas) where he was responsible for commercial risk management and deal approval, legal, insurance and bonding, human resources, information technology and corporate affairs.
Michael earned his BA from Yale University and his JD from Brooklyn Law School.










 
Leo S. Horey III
Chief Administrative Officer
Leo is AvalonBay’s Chief Administrative Officer. He has held this title since April 2012 and was Executive Vice President—Property Operations prior to that from January 2004. Leo joined a predecessor of the Company in 1990.
Leo received his Masters of Business Administration from the Kenan-Flagler Business School at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where he was a Richard H. Jenrette Fellow, and currently serves on the Board of Visitors and the Advisory Board for the Wood Center for Real Estate Studies. He also holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science and Economics from Duke University. He is also a member of the Executive Committee of NMHC.










 
William M. McLaughlin
Executive Vice President - Development
Bill has served as AvalonBay’s Executive Vice President—Development, with responsibility for all of the Company’s development activity in the Northeast, including New England, New York and New Jersey since 2014. He was Executive Vice President—Development and Construction from February 2010 until 2014 and prior to that was Senior Vice President—Development & Construction since 2009. He has been with the Company or its predecessors since 1994.
Bill serves on the Board of Directors at Caritas Communities, is on the Board of Managers of the industrial real estate holdings company JWF, LLC, the Board of Overseers at Newton Wellesley Hospital, the National Association of Home Builders' (NAHB) Multifamily Leadership Board, and is a Director of National Association of Industrial and Office Properties (NAIOP) in Massachusetts.
Bill received his BA in Economics from Harvard College.










 
Edward M. Schulman
Executive Vice President - General Counsel and Secretary
Ted has served as AvalonBay’s Executive Vice President—General Counsel and Secretary since 2012. He joined the Company in February 1999 and has served as General Counsel since that time.
Prior to joining AvalonBay he was a corporate and securities law partner at Goodwin Procter LLP.
Ted is a magna cum laude graduate of Harvard Law School and received his undergraduate degree in economics from Princeton University, where he graduated with high honors and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa.










 
Stephen W. Wilson
Executive Vice President - Development
Steve has served as AvalonBay’s Executive Vice President—Development, with responsibility for all development activities for the West Coast, including Northern California, Southern California and the Pacific Northwest, as well as the Mid-Atlantic region, since 2014. He was Executive Vice President—Development and Construction from February 2010 until 2014, and prior to that was Senior Vice President—Development & Construction for the West Coast and Mid-Atlantic.
Prior to joining the Company in 1998, Steve was a Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for SU Development, Inc. of Bellevue, Washington and Senior Vice President of Continental Pacific, Inc. of Bellevue, Washington.
Steve received his B.A. in Business Administration (Accounting) from Washington State University. He is a member of ULI, former chair of the ULI Transit Oriented Development Council, a member of The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and on the Board of Directors of the Housing Industry Foundation.


































 



Timothy J. Naughton Joins Health Care REIT, Inc. Board of Directors | Business Wire
























































Timothy J. Naughton Joins Health Care REIT, Inc. Board of Directors






December 18, 2013 05:01 PM Eastern Standard Time



TOLEDO, Ohio--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Health Care REIT, Inc. (NYSE:HCN) announced today that Timothy J. 
      Naughton, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and President of 
      AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (NYSE:AVB), has been named to its board of 
      directors.
    


      “We enthusiastically welcome Tim Naughton to Health Care REIT’s board of 
      directors,” commented George L. Chapman, Chairman and CEO of Health Care 
      REIT, Inc. “Tim is a well-known, highly-regarded leader in the REIT and 
      multi-family housing industries. As the current CEO of a leading, 
      publicly-traded REIT, Tim will bring unique, strategic insight gleaned 
      from being the leader of one of the most progressive, well-managed 
      companies in a comparable real estate sector.”
    

      Mr. Naughton has over 20 years of experience in the REIT and commercial 
      real estate sectors. AvalonBay Communities, Inc. is a real estate 
      investment trust with $22 billion in enterprise value focused on 
      developing, redeveloping, acquiring and managing high-quality apartment 
      communities in high barrier-to-entry markets of the United States.
    

      Prior to being named CEO of AvalonBay in January 2012, Mr. Naughton 
      served as President for seven years, where he was responsible for the 
      performance and coordination of various activities, including 
      development, redevelopment, construction, acquisitions, dispositions, 
      asset management and property operations. Prior to becoming President, 
      Mr. Naughton served AvalonBay in a variety of capacities, including 
      Chief Operating Officer, Chief Investment Officer and Regional Vice 
      President of Development and Acquisitions. Mr. Naughton has been with 
      AvalonBay or its predecessors since 1989.
    

      Mr. Naughton received his Master’s Degree in Business Administration 
      from Harvard Business School in 1987 and earned his undergraduate degree 
      in Economics from the University of Virginia in 1983, where he graduated 
      with High Distinction and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. Mr. Naughton is 
      a member of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts 
      (NAREIT), where he serves on the Executive Committee; the Real Estate 
      Round Table; the National Multi-Housing Council, where he serves on the 
      Executive Committee; and the Multifamily Product Council of the Urban 
      Land Institute.
    

About Health Care REIT, Inc. Health Care REIT, Inc., an S&P 500 
      company with headquarters in Toledo, Ohio, is a real estate investment 
      trust that invests across the full spectrum of seniors housing and 
      health care real estate. The company also provides an extensive array of 
      property management and development services. As of September 30, 2013, 
      the company’s broadly diversified portfolio consisted of 1,197 
      properties in 46 states, the United Kingdom, and Canada.
    

About AvalonBay Communities, Inc. As of September 30, 2013, the 
      company owned or held a direct or indirect ownership interest in 276 
      apartment communities containing 82,584 apartment homes in 12 states and 
      the District of Columbia, of which 29 communities were under 
      construction and five communities were under reconstruction. The company 
      is an equity REIT in the business of developing, redeveloping, acquiring 
      and managing apartment communities in high barrier-to-entry markets of 
      the United States.
    


Contacts

      Health Care REIT, Inc.Scott Estes, 419-247-2800Jay Morgan, 
      419-247-2800
    

















Contacts

      Health Care REIT, Inc.Scott Estes, 419-247-2800Jay Morgan, 
      419-247-2800
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












