

Gail K. Naughton Ph.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 3:08 AM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of Histogen Aesthetics, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Gail K. Naughton Ph.D.Chairman of The Board and Chief Executive Officer, Histogen Aesthetics, LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 8 Board Members in 8 different organizations across 11 different industries.See Board Relationships61--
Background

		Dr. Gail K. Naughton, Ph.D., is Founder of Histogen Aesthetics, LLC and has been its Chief Scientific Officer since May 11, 2017. Dr. Naughton served as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer at Histogen Aesthetics, LLC. Dr. Naughton founded Histogen, Inc., in 2007 and also has been its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since June 2007. She is a pioneer in the field of regenerative medicine. She served as Scientific Advisor at Carmell Therapeutics Corporation. ... She is a respected Scientist with extensive experience in the field of tissue engineering. Prior to September 1995, she co-founded Advanced Tissue Sciences Inc., in 1986 and served as its Executive Vice President since June 1991, Chief Operating Officer from June 1991 to 2000, Senior Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer from January 1989 to June 1991, Principal Scientist from 1986 to December 1988, President from September 1995 to March 2002 and Chief Operating Officer from September 1995 to August 2000. She oversaw the design and development of the world's first up-scaled manufacturing facility for tissue engineered products, established corporate development and marketing partnerships with companies including Smith & Nephew, Ltd., Medtronic and Inamed Corporation. Dr. Naughton served for more than 15 years at Advanced Tissue Sciences Inc., where she was Co-Inventor of its core technology. She serves as the Head and Member of Scientific Advisory Board of Theregen, Inc. She served as Vice Chairman of the Board at Advanced Tissue Sciences Inc., from March 2002 to October 2002. She has been an Independent Director at CR Bard Inc. since July 2004. She has been a Director of Centre for Commercialization of Regenerative Medicine since January 31, 2014 and Celera Corporation since July 1, 2008 and served as a Director at SYS Technologies, Inc. since August 30, 2004. She serves as a Director of Histogen, Inc., AACSB International, the California Health Institute, the San Diego World Trade Center and the San Diego Corporate Governance Institute. Dr. Naughton serves as Member of Vascular Advisory Board of Humacyte, Inc. She has been an Advisory Board Member of College of Business Administration Entrepreneurial Management Center of San Diego State University since August 2002. She serves as a Member of the Scientific Advisory Board of Frantz Medical Ventures. She has been Independent Director of Cytori Therapeutics, Inc. since July 1, 2014. She served as a Director of Advanced Tissue Sciences, Inc., since 1986. She served as a Director of CellCeuticals Skin Care, Inc. She serves on the boards of several academic institutions, non-profit organizations and foundations. She has been the Dean of College of Business Administration (CBA) at San Diego State University (SDSU) since August 2002. She serves on the Advisory Boards of the Department of Bioengineering at Johns Hopkins University and Georgia Institute of Technology. She serves as a Member of the Industrial Liaison Board at the University of California, San Diego, Georgia Institute of Technology, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the University of Washington. She serves as a Member of the UCSD Connect Leadership Council, the San Diego Science & Technology Council and Rotary International. She serves as a Director of the City of Hope. She serves as a Director of the Charles H. and Anna S. Stern Foundation and the Ackerman Foundation. She serves as a Trustee of the American Society of Artificial Internal Organs (ASAIO). She is a Committee Member of the National Academies Committee on Intellectual Property in the Knowledge-Based Economy. She held professorships at City University of New York, Hunter College and York College. She was an Assistant Professor of Research at New York University Medical Center for two years. She discovered the potential of proteins and growth factors produced by newborn fibroblasts for therapeutic and biomedical applications and developed Histogen's unique technology process to create products based on these proteins. She holds over 90 U.S. and foreign patents and is extensively published in the field of tissue engineering. In 2000, she received the 27th Annual National Inventor of the Year award in 2000 by the Intellectual Property Owners Association (IPO) in honor of her pioneering work in the field of tissue engineering. She has conducted extensive research and authored numerous scientific publications. Her primary fields of research include cell and tissue culture technology, dermatology and hematology. She served as a Director of Advanced Tissue Sciences, Inc. since 1986. She served as a Director of DermTech International, Inc. She served as a Member of Board of Advisors of Perminova, Inc. Dr. Naughton earned a B.S. in Biology from St. Francis College, Brooklyn, New York and both a Master's degree in Histology in 1978 and a Ph.D. in Hematology from New York University Medical Center in 1981 and completed her Post-doctoral training at New York University Medical Center in the Department of Dermatology. She also holds a Master's of Business Administration in Executive Management in 2001 from the Anderson School at the University of California, Los Angeles.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
25 Greens AveBirmingham, West Midlands B1 1ABUnited KingdomPhone: --Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorAacsb InternationalChairman of The Board and Chief Executive OfficerHistogen Aesthetics, LLC2004-PresentIndependent DirectorC. R. Bard, Inc.2008-PresentDirectorCelera Corporation2014-PresentIndependent DirectorCytori Therapeutics, Inc.2014-PresentDirectorCentre for Commercialization of Regenerative Medicine
Education
MBA 2001University of California, Los AngelesMBA UCLA Anderson School of ManagementBS St. Francis CollegePhD 1981NYU Elaine A. and Kenneth G. Langone Medical CenterMaster's Degree 1978NYU Elaine A. and Kenneth G. Langone Medical CenterPost-Doctoral Training NYU Elaine A. and Kenneth G. Langone Medical Center
Other Affiliations
Advanced Tissue Sciences, Inc.C. R. Bard, Inc.Cytori Therapeutics, Inc.Celera CorporationDermTech, Inc.SYS Technologies, Inc.University of California, Los AngelesSan Diego State UniversityUCLA Anderson School of ManagementSt. Francis CollegeNYU Elaine A. and Kenneth G. Langone Medical CenterAacsb InternationalTheregen, Inc.Histogen, Inc.CellCeuticals Skin Care, Inc.Perminova LLCCarmell Therapeutics CorporationHumacyte, Inc.College of Business AdministrationCentre for Commercialization of Regenerative Medicine


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Histogen Aesthetics, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close

































Gail K. Naughton | Lemelson-MIT Program

























Jump to navigation









Lemelson-MIT Program






Log In
News
Videos
Give
Subscribe
Contact Us
MIT
 













AwardsLemelson-MIT Prize
Lemelson-MIT Student Prize
Award Winners

GrantsInvenTeams
JV InvenTeams

Events
ResourcesInventor Archive
HowToons
JV InvenTeams Activity Guides
Inventor Handbook
Case Studies
Invention Resources

AboutOverview
FAQs
Leadership & Staff
Partners
Get Involved
Inventors Map









Search form

Search 





 









 
Gail K. Naughton





	Advances in Tissue Engineering

The field of tissue engineering has transformed many areas of medicine, particularly reconstructive surgery and burn treatment, since it began in the early 1980s. Techniques developed by this field’s early pioneers, such as Gail K. Naughton, have made incredible procedures possible that earlier generations could have barely foreseen.  As a result, thousands of patients worldwide now have less painful, more powerful treatment options for a range of afflictions from heart disease to diabetes to severe burns and torn ligaments.

	New York native Naughton earned a BS in biology in 1976 from St. Francis College in Brooklyn. She went on to earn an MS degree in Histology from New York University (NYU) Medical Center in 1978 and a PhD in Hematology in 1981. While at NYU Medical Center, Naughton also served as an assistant professor of research, an instructor with the department of biology, and, from 1977 to 1981, as a supervisor in the clinical immunofluorescence lab. She also served as an assistant professor with the department of biology at Queensborough Community College, part of the City University of New York (CUNY), from 1985 to 1987. She held the post of visiting professor with the Department of Pediatric Hematology at Mt. Sinai Medical Center in New York from 1987 to 1989. 

	While pursuing post-doctoral studies in the Department of Dermatology at NYU Medical Center, Naughton made her first in what would become a long list of significant discoveries. At that time, around 1980, scientists who wished to grow cells in a lab for experimentation grew them in a growth medium on a flat surface, such as in a Petri dish. However, while she was involved in a study to observe the effects of certain drugs on tumors, it became clear to Naughton that the cells behaved differently in this environment than they would behave in their typical environment inside the human body.

	She began working on a three-dimensional framework that would mimic the real-life conditions of cells as they grew inside the human body. The framework could be manipulated to simulate a variety of conditions and types of cells.  It also used bioreactors to “trick” cells into responding as if they were actually inside the body. Growing tissue was pulled and stretched in the way that it would be if it were inside a human being so that proteins could be secreted to make sections of the tissue stronger, the way a heart valve is stressed inside a human heart or a ligament is pulled inside a foot or hand.

	Naughton’s technique proved successful and was able to generate complex tissues that were virtually indistinguishable from those found in nature. However, at the time of her discovery, little work had been done in this area, and many of her ideas were met with skepticism. As a result, she became skillful at presenting her research in a way that would garner further funding and support. This helped her develop entrepreneurial skills that would later land her in a variety of executive roles with major biotechnology companies, including her own.

	In 1986, she founded Advanced Tissue Sciences in New York. She later moved the company to La Jolla, Calif. to take advantage of the biotech community that was beginning to develop in and around San Diego. The company went public in 1988, and Naughton received a patent for her matrix technology in 1990. She has held a variety of posts with the Advanced Tissue Sciences, such as executive vice president and COO (1991-1995), president and COO (1995-2000), and president (2000-2002). In 2002, she was named vice chairman of the board of directors.

	Meanwhile, Naughton developed a variety of other novel treatments and tissue engineering processes. Of particular note, through a joint venture with Smith & Nephew, Advanced Tissue Sciences brought several successful skin grafting products to market.

	The firm’s Transcyte product, for instance, was used to treat second- and third-degree burn patients. The temporary synthetic skin product covers wounds more effectively than other dressings with a low rate of rejection by the human body. It may be used to cover burn wounds while a patient’s body recovers enough to begin regenerating new skin on its own. A second product, Dermagraft, is used to repair skin wounds as well, but it grafts itself to the patient’s own tissue and becomes part of the person’s body. It is used extensively to treat patients with diabetic foot ulcers.

	Naughton’s work has formed the basis for a wide and growing range of treatments and studies for nerve regeneration, periodontal surgery, bone healing, cartilage repair, anti-aging cosmetics, liver and other organ constructs, and more. Her numerous honors and awards for this work include the 2000 Intellectual Property Owner's Association's National Inventor of the Year Award and the 2002 Lindbergh-Carrel Prize from the Charles and Anne Lindbergh Foundation and the Alexis Carrel Foundation.

	In 2001, Naughton completed an executive MBA with the Anderson School at the University of California, Los Angeles. Since August of 2002,  she serves as the Dean of the College of Business Administration at San Diego State University.

	Naughton is currently the founder, chairman, and chief executive officer of the regenerative medicine company, Histogen, Inc. She is a member of numerous academic and industrial boards and professional organizations. She holds more than 95 U.S. and foreign patents and has authored over 160 publications in the course of her career.










Share





 

















        Gail K. Naughton, medical products executive | Prabook 
    














































Create Biography

You can add biographies of your relatives,  friends, people you admire, as well as your own biography.





        Log in
    


Once logged in, you can add biography in the database




Directories
Newly added



























Edit Profile



General



Education



Career



Works



Life Stance



Personality



Connections



References





People Also Searched For



                    Nicolas Berggruen
                  


                    Ashley Olsen
                  


                    Mary-Kate Olsen
                  


                    Philip Seymour Hoffman
                  


                    Donald Allen Wollheim
                  


                    Anthony Ludovici
                  








	     Gail K.  Naughton
	     
	  



medical products executive



		Gail K. Naughton, medical products executive. Achievements include holding over 75 United States & foreign patents in tissue engring. Named Inventor of the Year, Intellectual Property Owners Association, 2000. Member San Diego Science & Technology Council, University of California, San Diego Connect Leadership Council; Member of Rotary International.
		
       		



Education


	 		
			

			Bachelor of Science, St. Francis College, New York City, 1976. Master of Science, New York University, 1978. Doctor of Philosophy in Medical Science, New York University, 1981.Postdoctoral in Dermatology, New York University, 1982. Master of Business Administration, University of California at Los Angeles, 2001.
			
       			












Career


	 		
			Assistant research professor New York University Medical Center, 1983—1985. Assistant professor biology Queensborough Community College, New York City, 1985—1987. Co-founder, board directors Advanced Tissue Sciences Inc., 1987—2002, principal, scientist, 1987—1989, senior  vice president, chief science officer, 1989—1991, executive vice president, chief operating officer, 1991—1995, president, chief operating officer, 1995—2000, vice chairman, 2000—2002.Dean, College Business Administration San Diego State University, since 2002. Board directors California Health Institute, San Diego World Trade Center, San Diego Corporation Governance Institute. Board advisor  Johns Hopkins University, Georgia Institute of Technology, University California, San Diego, University Washington, Massachusetts Institute of Technology.Board directors  Celera Corporation, C. R. Bard, since 2004.
			
       			








Major achievements


			
				Achievements include holding over 75 United States & foreign patents in tissue engring.
				
       				








Membership


			Member San Diego Science & Technology Council, University of California, San Diego Connect Leadership Council. Member of Rotary International.
			
    			







Connections


			3 children.
			
    			








Gail K. Naughton



            Back to View page
        
















see more






Add photo











    See on larger map







1976
                                
                            

                                    
                                    St. Francis College
                                    
                                    
                                        



1978
                                
                            

                                    
                                    New York University
                                    
                                    
                                        



1981
                                
                            

                                    
                                    New York University
                                    
                                    
                                        



1982
                                
                            

                                    
                                    New York University
                                    
                                    
                                        



2001
                                
                            

                                    
                                    University of California, Los Angeles
                                    
                                    
                                        



1983 - 1985
                                
                            

                                    Assistant, 
                                    research professor New York University Medical Center
                                    
                                        




1985 - 1987
                                
                            

                                    assistant, 
                                    professor biology Queensborough Community College
                                    
                                        




1987 - 1989
                                
                            

                                    
                                    co-founder
                                    
                                        




2002
                                
                            

                                    
                                    dean
                                    
                                        




show more ...




Award


                                
                                
                                
                                    Named Inventor of the Year, Intellectual Proper...
                                    
Named Inventor of the Year, Intellectual Property Owners Association, 2000.









			Go
			
			up
		  
Edit Profile










	Gail K. Naughton, Ph.D. - Bard Leadership - Directors & Officers | Bard

















































You are now leaving the Bard Website. Any links or references to other Internet sites (hyperlinks) are provided by Bard merely as a convenience to users of this Internet site. Any hyperlink to such other Internet site does not imply any endorsement or recommendation by Bard or its Affiliates. Please see our Terms of Use section for additional information. Before acting on any advice or information related to your healthcare that you find at the following or any other website, contact a Healthcare Professional.

Cancel

Proceed


Proceed










































Skip to main content








Welcome to the C.R. Bardsite for Patients
Please note that this information provided by BARD is not intended to be used in place of a visit, consultation, or advice of a medical professional. Information is as of 06/2017.  Please check references for updated information.

Cancel
Proceed

 













Welcome to the C.R. Bard site for Healthcare Professionals
You are entering a section of this website that is intended for healthcare providers. If you are a healthcare provider, please click 'Proceed' to continue.

Cancel
Proceed

 













Welcome to the C. R. Bardsite for Healthcare Professionals
The webpages you are accessing and their content are intended only for healthcare professionals with knowledge and expertise in the area of healthcare economic analysis and who are seeking information to review products within a value analysis framework. By clicking “Agree” you represent that you are such a healthcare professional.

Disagree
Agree

 













   Gail Naughton | Histogen , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

	Cytori - Gail K. Naughton, PhD to Join Cytori Therapeutics’ Board of Directors





















































Twitter




Facebook



 Instagram 




LinkedIn




Youtube




Contact Us















Select Page






About Us

Technologies

Pipeline

Researchers

Health Providers


Investors

Job Seekers










Investor Relations








Stocktwits







Powered By Q4 Inc.4.5.0.5







Press Release 



Back


Gail K. Naughton, PhD to Join Cytori Therapeutics’ Board of Directors


Jul 02, 2014

 view PDF (PDF 466 KB)

 SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--
Cytori
Therapeutics (NASDAQ: CYTX) today announced that the Company’s Board
of Directors has appointed
Gail K. Naughton
, PhD to serve as an
independent director, effective July 1, 2014.


“Dr. Naughton has a unique background in both development and
commercialization of regenerative medicine and tissue-based products,”
said Dr.
Marc Hedrick
, President and CEO of Cytori. “Her leadership
qualities, specialized sector knowledge and deep industry connections
will be valuable both in the board room and to our management team.”


“I have been watching Cytori and their progress for the past ten years.
The Company is at a pivotal phase of their development,” said Dr.
Naughton. “I am honored to be able to provide the benefit of my
background and experience to help them grow shareholder value.”


Dr. Naughton is a pioneer in the field of regenerative medicine. She was
the co-founder and co-inventor of the technology at Advanced Tissue
Sciences where she held key management positions for more than 15 years,
including President, Chief Operating Officer and Director. She also
served as the Dean of the College of Business Administration at San
Diego State University for nine years. Currently, Dr. Naughton serves as
the Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Board of Histogen, a
regenerative medicine company she founded in 2007. Dr. Naughton also
currently serves on the Board of Directors for CR Bard, Inc. Dr.
Naughton holds a B.S. in Biology from St. Francis College as well as a
Master’s in Histology and a PhD in cell biology from New York University
Medical Center. She also holds an EMBA from the Anderson School at the
University of California, Los Angeles.


About Cytori Therapeutics


Cytori Therapeutics is developing cell therapies based on autologous
adipose-derived regenerative cells (ADRCs™) to treat cardiovascular
disease and other medical conditions. Our scientific data suggest ADRCs™
improve blood flow, modulate the inflammatory response and rescue tissue
at risk of dying. As a result, we believe these cells can be applied
across multiple “ischemic” conditions. These therapies are made
available to the physician and patient at the point-of-care by Cytori’s
proprietary technologies and products, including the Celution® System
product family. www.cytori.com


Source: Cytori Therapeutics


Cytori Therapeutics
Megan McCormick
1.858.875.5279
mmccormick@cytori.com











Back










EVERY DAY
matters






EVERY TRIAL
matters






EVERY PATIENT
matters






EVERY CELL
matters


















About
Our Technology
Products
Investor Relations
Careers
Contact








CYTORI GLOBAL

WORLD HEADQUARTERS
 Cytori Therapeutics, Inc,
                     3020 Callan Road
                     San Diego, CA 92121, USA
                     Tel: +1.858.458.0900
                    
info@cytori.com

TEXAS
Cytori Therapeutics, Inc.
                    12500 Network Blvd
                    San Antonio, TX 78249, USA
                





EUROPE
 Cytori Ltd.
                     Deeside Industrial Park East
                     Unit 68, Third Avenue
                     Deeside, CH5 2LA, UK
                     Tel: +44.1244.360.425
                

INVESTOR RELATIONS
Email: ir@cytori.com









ASIA PACIFIC
 Cytori Therapeutics K.K.
                     Sumitomo Fudusan Onarimon Ekimae
                     Bldg. 11F
                     6-17-21 Shimbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo
                     105-0004 Japan
                     Tel. +81.3.6870.7500
                
CAREERS
Email: Careers@cytori.com






CUSTOMER & 
               TECHNICAL SERVICE

USA: +1.858.875.5245
                     EU: +44.1244.360.426
                     AP: +81.3.6870.7500
                     Email: customerservice@cyori.com 









 Get Well
            








© Copyright 2017, Cytori Therapeutics Inc.

Privacy Policy
Terms of Use



















Dr. Gail K. Naughton: Advances in Tissue Engineering -- a Wounds1 Hero



























Other Body1 Health Sites:
Empower your Life®



Circulatory System


Dental Care


Diabetes


General Health


Heartburn


Orthopedics


Skin Care


Women's Health





















  Register
 


  Login


  Main
Page 


  Wound
News 


  

Feature Story  


Wounds Technology  


Real Life Recoveries  
 


  Education
Center 


  

Conditions    

Procedures    

Wound Assessment    

Pressure Ulcer Center    

Skin Care Guide    

Nutrition Guide   


 





 

 




 Uterus
 Hero

Dr. Wayne Caputo:

Revolutionizing Treatment of Ulcers. 
About Heroes
 







 



 Join the Discussion in  Our Forums 


  Community



  

Wounds1 Forums   


  Reference



  

Ask an Expert  


Locate a Burn Center   

Reference Library  

Video Library   


  Bookmark
Us 
  





advertisement






























Search the Body1 Network











July 23, 2017  








WOUNDS1 HERO















Dr. Gail K. Naughton: Advances in Tissue Engineering

November 08, 2000



Dr. Gail K. Naughton: Advances in Tissue EngineeringBy Lilly Manske, MedTech1 StaffGail K. Naughton, Ph.D., President and Chief Operating Officer of Advanced Tissue Sciences has been awarded the 27th annual National Inventor of the Year by the Intellectual Property Owners Association (IPO) in honor of her pioneering work in the field of tissue engineering.As the first individual woman to earn this award, Dr. Naughton is being honored for the process she invented to produce human tissues and organs outside of the human body. Her invention utilizes stromal cells, which are the cells that form the surrounding matrix of a tissue. These cells are seeded onto three-dimensional scaffolding and placed into specially designed bioreactors to simulate the body. There, the cells multiply in layers, secreting proteins and numerous cellular factors, ultimately forming a tissue matrix. Tissue-specific cells are then seeded onto the matrix to form a living tissue equivalent that can be used to repair or replace a patient's own damaged tissue. Her company, Advanced Tissue Sciences, entered into a joint venture with Smith and Nephew to apply tissue engineering technology to create products to treat wounds, such as burns and diabetic foot uclers. Dr. Naughton’s pioneering work in tissue engineering has helped define a new industry dedicated to helping the millions of people who suffer tissue loss or end-stage organ failure.MedTech1: What is your focus in the area of tissue engineering?Dr. Naughton: The company’s original focus was on structural tissues. We started with skin, and the first product being TransCyte™, a temporary skin replacement that addresses severe and partial thickness burns. The FDA (U.S. Food and Drug Administration) approved this product, and we are now heading forward with Dermagraft™ permanent dermal replacement skin product, for which the pre-market approval application to the FDA is currently under review. If approved, this product will treat severe wounds such as diabetic skin ulcers, which affect many, many patients with diabetes and can often lead to surgical revisions and amputations.MedTech1: What was the inspiration for your invention?Dr. Naughton: While studying different types of tumors and how they can react to vaccines, it became evident that cells grown on a flat dish acted very differently than three-dimensional cells (as they grow in the body). Our invention simply mimics what nature does by giving the cells a three-dimensional framework on which to grow. That became the crux of this entire invention, which has led to therapeutic products in not only skin, but in cartilage and cardiovascular treatments as well.MedTech1: What is the biggest challenge when you are trying to replicate nature or trying to create a process that imitates nature?Dr. Naughton: You really have to understand not only the mechanical forces that the tissue or organ is seeing during the development, but all the chemical signaling that takes place between the cells, and between the cells and the proteins that they secrete. It is a matter of working in parallel with outside research as we learn more about new growth factors and cells’ conditions. We adapt those to our systems, so our approach of growing the tissues is unique in that we not only put human cells on scaffolds so that it is a completely human tissue, but we have these proprietary bioreactors that closely mimic the conditions of the body. For example, we grow heart valves by opening and closing the growing heart valve during the manufacturing period, so that the cells actually see the mechanical forces they would unless inside the heart. This forms a more physiological, or more normally functional, tissue that not only looks like a heart valve, but is mechanically as strong as a native heart valve.MedTech1: How will tissue engineering benefit the public?Dr. Naughton: I hope that Advanced Tissue Sciences will redefine how transplantation is done. So that in the not-too-distant-future, no patients will have to die because they are on a transplant list and there are not enough organs to go around.MedTech1: What kinds of tissues have you re-created to date?Dr. Naughton: In addition to the skin products, cartilage, bone, blood vessels, and heart valves, we have been successful in animal studies for liver implant, for pancreatic islet transplants to be able to eventually cure diabetes, and with other structures such as the partial intestinal replacements, trachea replacements, and replacements of cranial facial bone and cartilage.MedTech1: How do you think this invention benefits the scientific community?Dr. Naughton: There are two points here. The whole field of tissue engineering is unique in a couple of ways. First, it forces the integration of a number of scientific disciplines that in the past did not work together. There are cell biologists who need to say what growth factors the cells are making, and what they need to make. There are biochemists that need to work closely to look at the different types of matrix proteins and collagen that the cells are laying down and how they influence the cells’ growth. The transplant surgeons are not only looking for an improvement over what they currently can do, they need to make sure that the patient will not reject the products. Biomedical engineers look at how to test the strength of the tissue and how to better improve the bioreactors to mimic the conditions of the body. Finally, you have polymer chemists. These three-dimensional scaffolds need to mimic the three dimensionality of the tissue or organ that we are trying to grow, and they need to be controlled so that they dissolve as the cells themselves are laying down a tissue. There is a diverse group of scientists working closely together for the first time.The second point is one of those rare occasions where the science and product development did not go along the normal path of first being discovered in the university, then being funded by the government or seeking seed capital to take the product through pre-clinical studies. The invention was the first in the whole field of tissue engineering. It was born through others in the field as well in the mid 1980s; there was no grant support by the government for this field because the field was so new. Those in tissue engineering jumped straight from concept into public companies. What is so terrific is that the NIH and the others are giving significant grants to us and to other companies in the field. So we are working almost a little backward in this stage where we are starting collaborations with a number of key universities using federal funds to take the next level of products forward.MedTech1: What does this mean for a person today who is in need of tissue transplantation?Dr. Naughton: What this means for a burn victim today is that instead of having to go through painful, painful dressing changes three times a day-that require morphine and a hospital stay of a couple of weeks-they can get a tissue engineered product. In our case, it is called Trancytes. It not only helps reduce the pain immediately, but it also allows hospital discharge in a day or two, and much more rapid healing. It is affecting many, many patients today with burns, particularly children. There is long-term trauma involved with the tremendous pain that burn patients have to endure while in the hospital.For patients with severe wounds such as diabetic foot ulcers, it means having the likelihood of having your ulcer heal and moving away from needing a partial or full amputation. In the near future, patients with joint degeneration and with coronary artery disease should be able to have tissue-engineered products not only replace their own tissue, but in the case of coronary disease, help their own body to regenerate new blood vessels in their damaged heart. This way, they can go forward without having the pain and the debilitating changes in their conditions that occur when they do not have enough oxygen delivered to their heart muscles.MedTech1: Does the development of your invention depend on the funding you receive?Dr. Naughton: We have funding from the outside-from the public market-but we also have a number of key government grants that are helping us take our longer-term products forward. For example, we just received a $2 million grant from NIST (National Institute of Standards and Technology) to further develop a tissue-engineered product that induces new blood-vessel formation in the heart. We share a $10-million NIH grant with University of Washington to actually grow pieces of heart muscle for heart transplantation. We also received an $800,000 NIH award to grow replacement cartilage discs for patients with TMJ disease, which affects the jaw. The company received all of these grants this year.That is just a small list of some of the outside funding. Plus, it helps us to develop the science and collaborate with outside universities in doing so. Endorsement by the government for our approach to tissue engineering reinforces the tremendous potential this technology has to impact healthcare and provide tissue-engineered products to the patients who need them.MedTech1: How long have you been working on this invention?Dr. Naughton: It started in 1986. The company raised funding and then went public in 1988. When we started in 1986, the goal was to grow bone marrow outside the body. However, very quickly we saw that this technology had applications to other tissues and organs, such as skin, cartilage and cardiovascular tissue.MedTech1: What is your personal hope with this invention and where do think it will take you in your studies?Dr. Naughton: My sincere hope, what fuels me everyday, is being able to make sure that not one patient ever dies waiting for a transplant. Even more importantly, my hope is that patients get their transplants earlier before they become so ill that their quality of life suffers. So just to be able to improve the quality of life for patients with damaged tissue and organs and make sure that everyone who needs products such as these gets them. It is very easy to be inspired and difficult not to be. All you need is a couple of parents to come to you and say “Thank you so much for helping my child,” or have a few little two-year olds run into your arms and give you a hug. That really does it for me.

Last updated: 08-Nov-00





   






 
Hero Archives
 






Dr. Wayne Caputo: Revolutionizing Treatment of Ulcers

Dr Robert Hale: Regenerative Medicine for Facial Scars & Burns

Dr. Peter Sheehan : Spreading Awareness of Diabetes-Induced Wounds

Dr. Stephen F. McCartney: Providing Medical Care For Our Troops

Denise Nix, RN, MS, CWOCN: The Details of Bathing and Moisturizing


More Heroes ...


Body1 Hero Policy



Nominate a Healthcare Professional





 

 

























Home


About Us


Press


Jobs


Advertise With Us


Contact Us













advertisement














  ©
2017 Body1 All rights reserved.  
  Disclaimer:
The information provided within this website is for educational purposes
only and is not a substitute for consultation with your physician or healthcare
provider. The opinions expressed herein are not necessarily those of the
Owners and Sponsors of this site. By using this site you agree to indemnify,
and hold the Owners and Sponsors harmless, from any disputes arising from
content posted here-in. 
See our Terms of Service, our Privacy
Policy, our Advertising Policy
and our Editorial Policy.


 









 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















gail k naughton - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Search Gail Naughton - Looking for Gail Naughton?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for Gail Naughton? All You Need is a Name and State.





Learn More



Search Records Now




Best People Search



Search Arrest Records




Web Results

Gail K. Naughton | Lemelson-MIT Program

lemelson.mit.edu/resources/gail-k-naughton


Advances in Tissue Engineering. The field of tissue engineering has transformed many areas of medicine, particularly reconstructive surgery and burn treatment, since ...


Gail K. Naughton Ph.D.: Executive Profile & Biography ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp?personId=...


Dr. Gail K. Naughton, Ph.D., is Founder of Histogen Aesthetics, LLC and has been its Chief Scientific Officer since May 11, 2017. Dr. Naughton served as the Chairman ...


Gail K. Naughton - nndb.com

www.nndb.com/people/019/000178482


Gail K. Naughton. Advanced Tissue Sciences. Gender: Female Race or Ethnicity: White Occupation: Biologist, Business. Nationality: United States Executive summary ...


Gail K. Naughton | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/gail.k.naughton


Gail K. Naughton is on Facebook. Join Facebook to connect with Gail K. Naughton and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power to share and...


Histogen - About Histogen - Management of Histogen

www.histogeninc.com/aboutus/board_directors.htm


Gail K. Naughton, Ph.D., CSO & Founder. Dr. Naughton founded Histogen, Inc. in 2007, and currently serves as Chief Scientific Officer for the Company.


CYTX Gail K. Naughton Insider Trades for Cytori ...

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/CYTX/insiders?pid=77392712


Dr. Gail K. Naughton is Independent Director at Cytori Therapeutics, Inc., Independent Director at C.R. Bard, Inc. (New Jersey), and a Professor at City University of ...


Gail K. Naughton Ph.D. - Executive Bio, Compensation ...

people.equilar.com/bio/gail-naughton-c.-r./salary/684847


View Gail K. Naughton Ph.D., Board Member at C. R. Bard, Inc., Murray Hill, NJ, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary at C. R. Bard, Inc. and ...


Gail K. Naughton, PhD to Join Cytori Therapeutics’ Board ...

ir.cytori.com/investor-relations/News/news-details/2014/Gail-K...


Cytori Therapeutics (NASDAQ: CYTX) today announced that the Company’s Board of Directors has appointed Gail K. Naughton , PhD to serve as an independent director ...


Gail K. Naughton - Dean @ San Diego State University ...

https://www.crunchbase.com/person/gail-k-naughton


Dr. Gail Naughton founded Histogen, Inc. in 2007, and currently serves as CEO and Chairman of the Board for the Company. She has spent more than 25 years extensively ...


Histogen

www.histogeninc.com/index.htm


Dr. Gail K. Naughton, pioneer in the field of tissue engineering, discusses her career to date and experiences as a woman working in STEM. Read more










Search Gail Naughton - Looking for Gail Naughton?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for Gail Naughton? All You Need is a Name and State.





Learn More



Search Records Now




Best People Search



Search Arrest Records



12345Next






Answers







Gail Allen



Gail Allan (born 1965) is a former British slalom canoer who competed in the 1980s. She won two bronze medals at the 1985 ICF Canoe Slalom World...

more






Gail Halvorsen



Colonel Gail Seymour "Hal" Halvorsen (born October 10, 1920) is a retired officer and command pilot in the United States Air Force. He is best known as...

more






Gail Patrick



Gail Patrick (June 20, 1911 – July 6, 1980) was an American film actress and television producer. Often cast as the bad girl or the other woman, she...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








