Nauto | Safe driving made simple





MenuSafe driving made simpleYour fleet. Only safer and smarter.Get StartedSafe driving made simpleYour fleet. Only safer and smarter.Get Started68% of collisions are caused by distracted driving.14% increase in traffic fatalities since 20141 in 4 of which were caused by driver impairment from cell phone use$4-8k avg. per vehicle cost of collisions annually to fleetsWe take safety seriously.With bi-directional cameras, a powerful AI engine, and a suite of coaching tools, Nauto is much more than a modern-day dashcam. 
It’s the best investment you can make for your fleet.Learn moreWe take safety seriously.With bi-directional cameras, a powerful AI engine, and a suite of coaching tools, Nauto is much more than a modern-day dashcam. 
It’s the best investment you can make for your fleet.Learn moreReal safety. Real savings.Up to37%Reduction in collision incidentsUp to20%Improved efficiencyAverage6moReturn on investmentTogether, we can build a safer tomorrow. Contact us for your free ROI analysis and let’s get started, today.Get a Free ROI AnalysisMedia CoverageCar Makers Hunger for Self-Driving TechNauto raises $12 million for driverless car technology that’s street-legal todayBefore tackling driverless technology, this startup wants to make human drivers saferThis startup wants to monitor drivers with cameras to fix distracted driving





Nauto Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























nauto inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Nauto, Inc. designs and develops software. The Company offers a platform that uses cameras and artificial intelligence systems in cars to understand driver behavior. Nauto serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

555 Bryant Street
Suite 515
Palo Alto, CA 94301
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.nauto.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































Company | Nauto





MenuRethinking Transportation SafetyNauto is building a data platform for autonomous mobility that makes driving safer and fleets smarter.Our JourneySince our founding in April 2015, Nauto has asserted that the path to autonomy begins with helping and learning from real drivers. Since then, our Palo Alto based team has been working every day towards a common goal of transforming transportation and saving lives. 
The roadmap below outlines our path to making this a reality.Deploy our devices globallyNauto’s after-market devices provide personalized feedback to fleets and their drivers, reducing collisions and saving lives worldwide.Learn about our Nauto deviceCollect powerful dataUsing advanced computer vision and machine learning, each and every Nauto device is collecting data from the road and the world surrounding it. Our data is then aggregated and anonymized with respect to drivers and their privacy.Learn what kinds of data we collectUnderstand the world around usBy learning from our data in the aggregate, we can better understand how real people drive, uncovering trends, challenges, and edge cases across our network of fleets. Most importantly, this data can be used to model and train autonomous systems.Power the autonomous solutions of tomorrowAutonomous driving has the potential to save thousands of lives, revolutionize industries, and change the way we navigate the world. Together, with our partners across the automotive, insurance, and municipal sectors, we’re working to drive the future of transportation forward one Nauto powered vehicle at a time.Learn about partnerships1 million miles driven with Nauto4.2 million objects analyzed on the road650,000 risky events capturedOur ProductPartnersCareersMedia CoverageCar Makers Hunger for Self-Driving TechNauto raises $12 million for driverless car technology that’s street-legal todayBefore tackling driverless technology, this startup wants to make human drivers saferThis startup wants to monitor drivers with cameras to fix distracted driving








Nauto, Inc. - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Nauto, Inc.



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Recent Transactions Investors Suppliers



Nauto, Inc.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2015




Headquarters


555 Bryant Street, Suite 515, Palo Alto, CA 94301




Employees (Worldwide)


11 - 50




Industries


Computer Software

IT Consulting & Services

Holding Companies

Automobiles




Company Description


Nauto, Inc. provides car networking application. The firm uses artificial intelligence to understand the road context in real time. Its connected camera network and artificial smart cloud helps prevent accidents before they happen, reduces false liability claims and provides coaching to improve driver performance. The company was founded by Stefan Heck and Frederick Soo in 2015 and is headquartered in Palo Alto, CA.




Website


http://www.nauto.com






 In The News
          See more




The Detroit News
July 20, 2017





                        Auto industry bets big on AI                    





City A.M.
July 20, 2017





                        General Motors and Japan's Softbank Group join other car giants investing in self-driving startup                    





TechCrunch
July 19, 2017





                        Nauto raises $159M to fuel expansion of its autonomous driving data platform                    





Silicon Valley Business News
July 19, 2017





                        The Funded: More than $400M raised in 13 Bay Area startup deals at midweek                    





peHUB
July 19, 2017





                        Nauto inks $159 mln Series B                     







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



Stefan Heck

Co-Founder & Chief Executive Officer




Frederick Soo

Chief Technology Officer





Graham Poor

Android Lead







                          Board of Directors                        



Stefan Heck

Co-Founder & Chief Executive Officer at Nauto, Inc.







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Nauto, Inc.



                        Nauto, Inc.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Nauto, Inc.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Nauto, Inc..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    Nauto, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Nauto, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Nauto, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    





 Investors



 Details Hidden


Greylock Partners

                                    Greylock Management Corp. focuses on seed, early and later stage venture capital investments in companies operating in the following areas: (1) consumer technology and Internet (2) enterprise information technology. The firm also considers outstanding opportunities in other areas. Greylock seeks to partner with management in building companies that have the potential to become industry leaders. They prefer to build around an outstanding entrepreneurial leader or team with market vision and a powerful technology and market vision. Greylock focuses on investments in capital-efficient businesses in which high barriers to competitive entry can be developed. The firm prefers to invest in opportunities in which they serve as a company's first outside capital investor.Greylock consists of 4 main entities: the Greylock XIV, the Greylock XIII, the Greylock Growth Fund and the Greylock Discovery Fund. The Greylock XIII is the firm's core fund, focusing on conventional early-stage investments in the $1 million to $20 million range. The Greylock Growth Fund is a fund within Greylock's core fund which focuses on later-stage investments. The Discovery Fund focuses on small, angel investments.                                




 Details Hidden


SoftBank Capital Partners LLC

                                    SOFTBANK Capital Partners focuses on investments in high growth technology-based businesses that stand to benefit from the rapid deployment and adoption of broadband and mobile technologies. The firm targets investments in 3 general sectors including content, applications and technology-based services. They invest across all stages of a company's lifecycle; however, most of their investments are made in companies at or near revenue with commercially available technologies. SOFTBANK Capital Partners seeks to invest in companies with experienced management teams. Their objective is to own a significant minority interest in each of their portfolio companies and hold one or more board seats.                                




 Details Hidden


Toyota AI Ventures

                                    Toyota AI Ventures, a subsidiary of Toyota Motor Corp., is a company headquartered in Silicon Vally, CA, that acts as an alternative investment manager.                                




 Details Hidden


Allianz Ventures






 Details Hidden


Playground Ventures

                                    Playground Ventures is an American private company located in Los Altos, CA, with domestic subsidiaries. The firm acts as an alternative investment manager.                                






See 7 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 7 More 






 Suppliers



Sierra Wireless, Inc.

                                     •  Electrical Products                                                                             •  Vancouver, BC                                                                    

                                    Sierra Wireless, Inc. engages in the development of device-to-cloud products and services for the Internet of Things. It offers second generation, third generation, and fourth generation embedded wireless modules, and gateways. it operates through the following segments: Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) Solutions, Enterprise Solutions, and Cloud and Connectivity Services. The OEM Solutions segment includes embedded cellular modules, software and tools for OEM customers who integrate cellular connectivity into their products and solutions across a broad range of industries, including automotive, transportation, energy, enterprise networking, sales and payment, mobile computing, security, industrial monitoring, field services, residential, healthcare and others. The Enterprise Solutions segment comprises of intelligent routers and gateways along with management tools and applications that enable cellular connectivity for mobile, industrial, and enterprise customers. The Cloud and Connectivity Services consists of cloud services, global cellular connectivity services, and broadband cellular services. The company was founded on May 31, 1993 and is headquartered in Richmond, Canada.
                                






You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














NAUTO, Inc.: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 26, 2017 10:48 PM ET
Auto Components

Company Overview of NAUTO, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for NAUTO, Inc.
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeStefan   Heck Ph.D.26 RelationshipsChief Executive Officer--Martin   Fichter  81 RelationshipsVice President of Operations--Shobana   Sankaran  No RelationshipsVice President and General Manager of Insurance--
NAUTO, Inc. Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
NAUTO, Inc. Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry RangeSalary  431.4KBonus  449.9KTotal Short Term Compensation  583.6KTotal Value of Options  4.5MCompensation as of Fiscal Year   NAUTO, Inc. CEO CompensationIndustry Average










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESFox Factory Holding Corp Announces Board ChangesJuly 25, 2017 8:05 PM ETTube Investments of India Ltd Announces Resignation of Hemant as Director from the Board of Directors, Effective from 1, August 2017July 24, 2017 10:17 AM ETAmtek Auto Limited Announces Management ChangesJuly 22, 2017 12:27 PM ETCastex Technologies Limited Announces Resignation of Mr. Bahushrut Lugani from DirectorshipJuly 22, 2017 11:59 AM ETCummins Emission Solutions Inc. Appoints Mahesh Narang as Vice PresidentJuly 21, 2017 5:15 PM ETSponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact NAUTO, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	N NAUTO Trademark of Nauto, Inc.. Serial Number: 86781406 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
N NAUTO










 
Get FREE email alerts













N NAUTO  Trademark Information
 Nauto, Inc.
Computer hardware for use in vehicles to enhance driving; computer hardware and software systems for enhancing driving vehicles; Vehicle detection equipment, namely, display monitors, computers, image sensors, video cameras, and operating system and application software to detect vehicle location; software for gathering data, mapping the area around a vehicle, gathering driving conditions and driver actions, and creating a database; vehicle na...
Providing temporary use of non-downloadable computer software for enhancing driving of vehicles; Providing temporary use of non-downloadable computer software for gathering data, mapping the area around a vehicle, gathering driving conditions and driver actions, and creating a database; Providing temporary use of non-downloadable computer software, namely, software for image and signal processing, object detection and recognition, three-dimens...




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services





Words that describe this mark
hardware   use   vehicles   enhance   driving   hardware   software   systems   enhancing   driving   vehicles   vehicle   detection   equipment         display   monitors      computers      image   sensors      video   cameras    
                                    




This is a brand page for the N NAUTO trademark by Nauto, Inc. 
                                in Palo Alto, CA, 94301.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this N NAUTO trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Nauto, Inc. of the N NAUTO trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the N NAUTO trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, October 7, 2015,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        N NAUTO by 
                        Nauto, Inc., Palo Alto, CA  94301.
                        The USPTO has given the N NAUTO 
                        trademark serial  number of  86781406.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for N NAUTO is 
                        
                        
                                            GAIL I. NEVIUS ABBAS of 
                                            Pranger Law PC,  88 Guy Pl Apt 405, San Francisco, CA 94105-2651 
                                .
                            The N NAUTO trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                , 
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for N NAUTO 
                            is Computer hardware for use in vehicles to enhance driving; computer hardware and software systems for enhancing driving vehicles; Vehicle detection equipment, namely, display monitors, computers, image sensors, video cameras, and operating system and application software to detect vehicle location; software for gathering data, mapping the area around a vehicle, gathering driving conditions and driver actions, and creating a database; vehicle navigation computers and navigation apparatus for vehicles in the nature of on-board computers; GPS navigation devices for vehicles; sensors and electric sensors for vehicles, namely, for object and motion detection and for determining position, velocity, acceleration and temperature of vehicles; computer vision software, namely, software for image and signal processing, object detection and recognition, three-dimensional reconstruction, and motion analysis; computer software for creating searchable databases of information and data on network vehicles and drivers connected to a computer network; computer software for collecting, analyzing, and reporting information about network vehicles and drivers connected to a computer network and location-specific, real-time traffic, road, and driving conditions. 
                            





Word mark:
 N NAUTO


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

1/9/2017






  Serial Number:  
86781406


  Filing Date:  
10/7/2015


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Computer hardware for use in vehicles to enhance driving; computer hardware and software systems for enhancing driving vehicles; Vehicle detection equipment, namely, display monitors, computers, image sensors, video cameras, and operating system and application software to detect vehicle location; software for gathering data, mapping the area around a vehicle, gathering driving conditions and driver actions, and creating a database; vehicle navigation computers and navigation apparatus for vehicles in the nature of on-board computers; GPS navigation devices for vehicles; sensors and electric sensors for vehicles, namely, for object and motion detection and for determining position, velocity, acceleration and temperature of vehicles; computer vision software, namely, software for image and signal processing, object detection and recognition, three-dimensional reconstruction, and motion analysis; computer software for creating searchable databases of information and data on network vehicles and drivers connected to a computer network; computer software for collecting, analyzing, and reporting information about network vehicles and drivers connected to a computer network and location-specific, real-time traffic, road, and driving conditions


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of a highly stylized letter "N" positioned to the left side of the literal element "NAUTO".


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
4/12/2016


Last Applicant/Owner:

Nauto, Inc.Palo Alto, CA  94301
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing with Words in Stylized form


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


GAIL I. NEVIUS ABBAS
Pranger Law PC
88 Guy Pl Apt 405
San Francisco, CA 94105-2651






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided




Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your N NAUTO trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

1/9/2017
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



GAIL I. NEVIUS ABBAS


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of N NAUTO trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search nnauto on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for N NAUTO 




N NAUTO is providing Computer hardware for use in vehicles to enhance driving; computer hardware and software systems for enhancing driving vehicles; Vehicle detection equipment, namely, display monitors, computers, image sensors, video cameras, and operating system and application software to detect vehicle location; software for gathering data, mapping the area around a vehicle, gathering driving conditions and driver actions, and creating a database; vehicle navigation computers and navigation apparatus for ve....
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          




























Amazon Prime

































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 





















































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started






























 



Fast shipping and morePrime members also enjoy exclusive access to movies and TV shows, ad-free music, unlimited photo storage, and Kindle books.






Start your 30-day Prime Free Trial 

After your free trial, Amazon Prime is just $99/year.  Cancel anytime.

                    
Give the gift of Prime | 
                            Refer a friend | 
                            Have a Prime promo code?




    
    
    



Fast, FREE shipping on over 50 million eligible itemsChoose from FREE Two-Hour, Same-Day or Two-Day Delivery with Prime    
    
    



Need a last minute gift? Can’t get out of the house? Realize you forgot to pick up something? With FREE Two-Day Shipping and more from Amazon Prime, your shopping problems are solved. You get unlimited deliveries with no minimum order size, and with millions of eligible items, the options are practically limitless. When shipping to select metro areas, Prime members also get FREE Same-Day Delivery on over a million items and FREE 2-hour delivery with Prime Now on daily essentials and groceries. With FREE release-date delivery on eligible pre-order items, you can enjoy highly anticipated books, movies, and video games as soon as possible. 
Learn more about all the Prime shipping options

    
    
    



Enjoy instant access to video streaming    
    
    



Prime includes popular movies and TV shows    
    
    



Make every night a movie night with Prime Video. Your Prime membership includes instant access to thousands of movies and TV shows at no additional cost. Catch Amazon Original Series like Golden Globe-winning Transparent, Mozart in the Jungle, and Goliath, Emmy-winning Man in the High Castle, or exciting and wildly popular The Grand Tour. Stream on select Smart TVs, Roku, Xbox, Amazon Fire TV, iPhones, tablets, and Android devices. Download entertainment to your device to watch offline anywhere.
Browse movies and TV shows
    
    
    



Over two million songs. Thousands of playlists and stations.    
    
    



On-demand, ad-free music streaming     
    
    



Prime Music is a music streaming benefit featuring a growing selection of two million songs, Alexa voice-integration, and personalized recommendations at no additional cost with your Amazon Prime Membership. Unlock even more music with Amazon Music Unlimited, plus get an exclusive Prime member discount.
Learn more
    
    
    



Books, Magazines & More    
    
    



Unlimited reading on any device    
    
    



Prime Reading gives you unlimited access to over a thousand books, current issue magazines, books with Audible narration, comics, Kindle Singles, and more. With access from any device – including your phone, tablet, or Kindle – you can read however you want, whenever you want.
Learn more
    
    
    



Original audio series from Audible    
    
    



Unlimited listening to original audio series    
    
    



Get hooked on original audio series from Audible: hunt for clues with intrepid investigators, think big with bold visionaries, or ‘keep it real’ with fearless comedians. Listen to insightful and engaging playlists handcrafted for every interest and refreshed daily, drawing from news, comedy shows, articles, talks and more. Whether you want to turn rush hour into an adventure with a great story or master a new topic while riding the train, your commute will never be the same. Audible Channels–from Audible, a world leader in audio entertainment.
Learn More
    
    
    



Twitch Prime    
    
    



Get free game content every month, exclusive discounts, plus loads more    
    
    



Get a member exclusive discount on new release and preorder boxed video games. You'll get characters, vehicles, skins, and boosts for top games on Twitch, plus surprises like full indie games and exclusive loot. You also receive ad-free viewing and a free monthly Twitch channel subscription to support your favorite streamer.
Learn more
    
    
    



All your photos, together at last    
    
    



Free unlimited photo storage    
    
    



Your Prime membership comes with free unlimited photo storage through Prime Photos, which lets you securely save as many photos as you like and see them on your phone, computer, or tablet. You can share this Prime benefit and give free photo storage to up to five family members or friends. Collect photos together with your invited family and friends in the Family Vault and store memories from everyone in one safe place. New photo search technology makes it easy to find specific photos by searching for things like “sunset” or “Seattle,” and your photos are organized automatically so it’s easy to find and enjoy them.
Learn more
    
    
    



Prime Rewards    
    
    



Cardmembers earn 5% Back with a Prime Credit Card.    
    
    



Eligible Prime members can earn 5% back at Amazon.com using the Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Card or the Amazon Prime Store card. All Prime members earn 2% rewards on their debit spending with Amazon Prime Reload.
Learn More

    
    
    



Get Early Access    
    
    



30-minute early access to select Amazon Lightning Deals    
    
    



Consider yourself a techy, the best-styled fashionista on the block, or just an everyday savvy shopper? Be among the first to decide what's hot and what's not. Get 30-minute early access to select Lightning Deals on Amazon.

Shop Amazon Lightning Deals

Look for Prime eligible items, videos, music and Kindle books are clearly marked. Just look for the Prime logo when you shop. 














  Back to top      Get to Know Us   Careers   About Amazon   Investor Relations   Amazon Devices      Make Money with Us   Sell on Amazon   Sell Your Services on Amazon   Sell on Amazon Business   Sell Your Apps on Amazon   Become an Affiliate   Advertise Your Products   Self-Publish with Us   Become an Amazon Vendor   Sell Your Subscription on Amazon   › See all      Amazon Payment Products   Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards   Amazon.com Store Card   Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line   Shop with Points   Credit Card Marketplace   Reload Your Balance   Amazon Currency Converter      Let Us Help You   Your Account   Your Orders   Shipping Rates & Policies   Amazon Prime   Returns & Replacements   Manage Your Content and Devices   Amazon Assistant   Help                   English   United States          Amazon Music Stream millionsof songs       Amazon Drive Cloud storagefrom Amazon       6pm Score dealson fashion brands       AbeBooks Books, art& collectibles       ACX Audiobook PublishingMade Easy       Alexa Actionable Analyticsfor the Web       Amazon Business Everything ForYour Business          AmazonFresh Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door       AmazonGlobal Ship OrdersInternationally       Home Services Handpicked ProsHappiness Guarantee       Amazon Inspire Digital EducationalResources       Amazon Rapids Fun stories forkids on the go       Amazon Restaurants Food delivery fromlocal restaurants       Amazon Video Direct Video DistributionMade Easy          Amazon Web Services Scalable CloudComputing Services       Audible DownloadAudio Books       AudiobookStand Discount Audiobookson Disc       Book Depository Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide       Box Office Mojo Find MovieBox Office Data       ComiXology Thousands ofDigital Comics       CreateSpace Indie Print PublishingMade Easy          DPReview DigitalPhotography       East Dane Designer Men'sFashion       Fabric Sewing, Quilting& Knitting       Goodreads Book reviews& recommendations       IMDb Movies, TV& Celebrities       IMDbPro Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need       Junglee.com Shop Onlinein India          Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital PublishingMade Easy       Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Deliveryon Everyday Items       Prime Photos Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime       Shopbop DesignerFashion Brands       TenMarks.com Math Activitiesfor Kids & Schools       Warehouse Deals Open-BoxDiscounts       Whispercast Discover & DistributeDigital Content               Withoutabox Submit toFilm Festivals       Woot! Deals andShenanigans       Zappos Shoes &Clothing       Souq.com Shop Online inthe Middle East       Subscribe with Amazon Discover & trysubscription services               Conditions of Use   Privacy Notice   Interest-Based Ads   © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates    










v




























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







