




Leadership  |  Adesto













































 







 




LeadershipPresident & Chief Executive OfficerNarbeh DerhacobianNarbeh Derhacobian is a co-founder, President and CEO of Adesto Technologies. He has over 17 years of industry experience working on discrete and embedded memory technologies. He has held technical and managerial roles at SST, AMD, Virage Logic and Cswitch Corporations. Narbeh’s industrial experiences cover development and commercialization of split-gate NOR flash, ETOX NOR and NAND flash as well as SONOS based MirrorBit NOR flash technologies. He has over 40 granted patents in various areas of semiconductor memories. Narbeh has a PhD in Solid State Physics from UCLA, and an MBA from San Jose State University.Vice President, Business DevelopmentIshai NavehIshai Naveh is a co-founder and the Vice President of Business Development for Adesto Technologies. In his role, he is responsible for forging partnerships, securing licensing agreements and developing new business opportunities. Previously Mr. Naveh, was the VP of Marketing for Non-volatile Memories and Mixed Signal Technologies at Tower Semiconductor USA. Prior to arriving in the USA, he was Senior Director for foundry technologies at Tower. Mr. Naveh began his career at National Semiconductor, holding several positions in the USA and Israel. Mr. Naveh holds a B.Sc. from the Hebrew University and MBA from Heriott-Watt University. He has published several papers and issued over 10 patents.Vice President of EngineeringShane HollmerShane Hollmer is a co-founder of Adesto Technologies and currently serves as their Vice President of Engineering. Mr. Hollmer has more than 19 years of experience in the semiconductor memory industry including engineering and engineering management positions at Advanced Micro Devices, Emosyn, Silicon Storage Technology, and Monolithic Power Systems. Mr. Hollmer earned a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences from the University of California, Berkeley and a MBA from San Jose State University. Shane holds more than 50 patents the areas of non-volatile memory development and mixed signal design.Chief Financial OfficerRon SheltonRon Shelton is Chief Financial Officer at Adesto Technologies. Mr. Shelton has more than 18 years experience as a Chief Financial Officer for companies ranging from privately held start ups to public companies with revenues in excess of $900 million, including Cirrus Logic, Alliance Semiconductor, GigOptix, Alien Technology and others. During his career Mr. Shelton has successfully completed transactions with an aggregate value in excess of $1 billion, including public and private equity and debt financings, mergers and acquisitions, licensing, joint ventures and divestitures. In addition to finance, at various points in his career Mr. Shelton has directed and managed world wide teams in legal, risk management, human resources and information technology. Ron has a B.A. in Economics from Stanford University.Vice President, Discrete Products GroupJanet WangJanet Wang is Vice President of the Discrete Products Group responsible for Flash memory products production, roadmap, and strategy. Prior to this position, Dr. Wang was Vice President of CBRAM Technology Development responsible for building and leading a world caliber team of engineers and technologists who helped pioneer and introduce the World’s first CBRAM products into the market. Dr. Wang has over 19 years of industry experience spanning product and technology development, strategy and roadmap, manufacturing, and business leadership bringing multiple novel technologies and products to the market. Prior to joining Adesto, she held managerial and engineering positions at Broadcom Corporation, Transmeta Corporation, Advanced Micro Devices, and Aerospace Corporation. Dr. Wang has authored and co-authored over 35 U.S. patents and technical papers. She was awarded the Best Paper at IRPS and has served on various program committees of technical conferences. Dr. Wang received her PhD degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of California, Los Angeles.Vice President,  CBRAM Technology Research and DevelopmentVenkatesh (“P.G.”) GopinathVenkatesh (“P.G.”) Gopinath is Vice President of CBRAM Technology Research and Development. He has over 17 years of industry experience working on novel memory and semiconductor logic technology development and manufacturing. He has held engineering and managerial positions at LSI Logic Corp, Sun Microsystems and Innovative Silicon. PG’s industrial experiences cover development and commercialization of AMG Flash, several logic technology nodes and Z-RAM vertical floating body memory technology. He holds more than 20 patents and has over 40 publications in the areas of semiconductor fabrication, memory and logic technologies. P.G. received his Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering at Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI and an MBA focusing on managing technology and innovation from Santa Clara University, Santa Clara, California.Vice President, Worldwide SalesTom SpadeTom Spade is vice president of worldwide sales, responsible for all customer operations and relationship management, as well as sales and distribution strategies for Adesto. An experienced sales leader, Spade was previously vice president of global sales  at Audience, and at Boston-Power. Prior to that, he served as vice president of global sales at Validity. He also spent nine years at Synaptics, most recently as vice president of worldwide sales, supporting efforts to grow the company from $25MM in revenues, prior to its initial public offering (IPO), to over $300MM.

Earlier in his career, he held senior sales positions at Alliance Semiconductor, Anthem Electronics, Arrow Electronics, and also Andersen Consulting. Spade holds a bachelor's degree in economics and management from Albion College.Vice President, OperationsAdam BadgettAdam Badgett is Vice President of Operations at Adesto, responsible for manufacturing, logistics, and worldwide supply chain management. Mr. Badgett has more than 20 years of semiconductor operations and engineering management experience. Prior to joining Adesto, he was Vice President of Operation at O2Micro, where he was responsible for manufacturing, supply chain, test engineering, and a captive semiconductor test factory. Previous to his role at O2Micro, he held various management and supervisory roles at Alliance Semiconductor. Mr. Badgett received a B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering and M.S. degree in Engineering-Economic Systems from Stanford University.Chief Technology OfficerGideon IntraterGideon Intrater is Adesto's Chief Technology Officer. He brings more than 30 years of experience in the semiconductor market to his role in the company.  Gideon serves on the Advisory board of Centipede Semi and Think Silicon and was previously a member of the advisory board of Sansa Security (acquired by ARM in July 2015). Previously, Mr. Intrater was Vice President of Marketing at MIPS Technologies (until the company was sold in February 2013). Before joining MIPS, Mr. Intrater was Vice President of Architecture for Symwave, a privately-held supplier of high-performance analog/mixed signal semiconductor solutions for consumer devices. Prior to Symwave, Mr. Intrater held various management positions at MIPS Technologies and National Semiconductor Corporation. Mr. Intrater holds over 30 issued patents. He earned BSEE and MSEE degrees from the Technion, Israel Institute of Technology, and an MBA from San Jose State University.Vice President, MarketingRaphael MehrbiansIn his role as Vice President of Marketing, Raphael Mehrbians is reponsible for positioning the company, its products  and execution of its business strategy. Raphael has more than 25 years of marketing and business management experience spanning early stage startups to $250M+ publicly traded companies.  Prior to joining Adesto, he held leadership roles at Lexar Media, Cirrus Logic and National Semiconductor and Genesis Microchip where he was Sr. Vice President of Product Marketing. Most recently, Raphael was an independent business development and executive management consultant to a variety of companies such as IDT, Pixelworks, InfoNeedle, and Saankhya Labs.  Raphael has M.S. and B.S. degrees in Electrical Engineering from University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.

  











 


Ishai Naveh: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 4:04 AM ET
Semiconductors and Semiconductor Equipment

Company Overview of Adesto Technologies Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Ishai   Naveh  Co-Founder and Vice President of Business Development, Adesto Technologies CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 2 different industries.59--As of Fiscal Year 2015
Background

		Mr. Ishai Naveh, also known as Nachumovsky, co-founded Adesto Technologies Corporation, Inc. in January 2006 and has been its Vice President of Business Development since February 2017 and served as its Vice President of Marketing and Business Development since April 2007 until February 2017. Mr. Naveh served as Vice President of Tower Semiconductor Ltd. USA of Tower Semiconductor Ltd. since October 2002, having served as Director of NVM Technology and Senior Director ... of Foundry Technologies in Tower Semiconductor Ltd., since 1997. Mr. Naveh has been employed by Tower Semiconductor Ltd. since 1993, initially as Manager of Product Test and Reliability. Mr. Naveh was employed by National in Migdal Haemek from 1984 to 1993 in the areas of Process and Product Engineering. He has published several papers and issued over 10 patents. Mr. Naveh holds a BSc from the Hebrew University and MBA from Heriott-Watt University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
3600 Peterson WaySanta Clara, California 95054United StatesPhone: 408-400-0578Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
BS Hebrew University of Jerusalem
Other Affiliations
Tower Semiconductor Ltd.Hebrew University of Jerusalem


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationStephen  Sanghi CEO & ChairmanMicrochip Technology Incorporated$670.1KCarlo  Bozotti President, CEO & Chairman of the Management BoardSTMicroelectronics N.V.$860.5KSanjay  Mehrotra President, CEO & DirectorMicron Technology, Inc.--Miin Chyou Wu Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerMacronix International Co., Ltd.$113.0KYu-Cheng  Chiao Chairman & CEOWinbond Electronics Corporation$7.1MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2017.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Adesto Technologies Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































Ishai Naveh | Adesto Technologies | Email, VP Marketing, @adestotech.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Ishai Naveh

 Adesto Technologies  VP Marketing


Updated On : 
                    Feb 10, 2017                            

export

















3600 Peterson Way

Santa Clara, CA 95054


Email format for @adestotech.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Private                
Employees: 
100 - 249

Revenue:  
5 - 10 Million

Industry:  
                        Computer Hardware->Semiconductors                    
SIC Code:  
                         3674  - Semiconductors and Related Devices








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Located in Santa Clara, CA Adesto Technologies has Ishai Naveh serving as the organization's VP Marketing. Need Ishai Naveh's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in Adesto Technologies Lead411 profile, along with their Adesto Technologies email addresses using the domain. Search for Adesto Technologies on Lead411 under the Semiconductors industry.  Some possible email formats for Ishai Naveh are INaveh@adestotech.com, Ishai.Naveh@adestotech.com, Ishai@adestotech.com, and Ishai_Naveh@adestotech.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@adestotech.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Ishai Nir - Executive
Distek Inc's International Sales Manager is where Ishai Nir is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is . They are based in North Brunswick, NJ, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Accounting industry. Ishai Nir's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other Distek Inc email addresses on Lead411 with the @distekinc.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Ishai Nir are INir@distekinc.com, Ishai.Nir@distekinc.com, Ishai@distekinc.com, and Ishai_Nir@distekinc.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@distekinc.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Narbeh Derhacobian - Executive
Narbeh Derhacobian is Adesto Technologies's CEO. Their CEO/President is Narbeh Derhacobian. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Semiconductors industry. If you're checking for Adesto Technologies email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @adestotech.com email format and possibly Narbeh Derhacobian's email. Adesto Technologies is based in Santa Clara, CA. You can also get Narbeh Derhacobian's linkedin info, twitter, phone numbers, wiki, and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Semiconductors category.  Some possible email formats for Narbeh Derhacobian are NDerhacobian@adestotech.com, Narbeh.Derhacobian@adestotech.com, Narbeh@adestotech.com, and Narbeh_Derhacobian@adestotech.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@adestotech.com addresses.
Shane Hollmer - Executive
Trying to find Shane Hollmer's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out Adesto Technologies's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @adestotech.com contact information.  Adesto Technologies is an organization centered in Santa Clara, CA, which you can find on Lead411 under the Semiconductors category.  Shane Hollmer is their Vice President of Engineering and Co-Founder.  Some possible email formats for Shane Hollmer are SHollmer@adestotech.com, Shane.Hollmer@adestotech.com, Shane@adestotech.com, and Shane_Hollmer@adestotech.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@adestotech.com addresses.
Janet Wang - Executive
Need to know Janet Wang's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on Adesto Technologies's Lead411 profile.  Janet Wang is the VP Discrete Products Group for Adesto Technologies, an organization which has its base in Santa Clara, CA.  One can also find Adesto Technologies email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @adestotech.com url.  Semiconductors is Adesto Technologies's industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Janet Wang are JWang@adestotech.com, Janet.Wang@adestotech.com, Janet@adestotech.com, and Janet_Wang@adestotech.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@adestotech.com addresses.

People Directory > Ishai Naveh



















Ishai Naveh, Adesto Technologies Corp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





















Feedback





Ishai Naveh

VP:Business Development,
Adesto Technologies Corp






Career History




VP:Business Development
Adesto Technologies Corp, 2/2017-PRESENT


VP:Mktg & Bus Dev/Co-Founder
Adesto Technologies Corp, 4/2007-2/2017


Co-Founder
Adesto Technologies Corp, 1/2006-4/2007









Website:
www.adestotech.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1250 Borregas Avenue
Sunnyvale, CA 94089
United States


Phone:
1-408-400-0578


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.adestotech.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Hebrew University of Jerusalem
Bachelor's Degree, Physics








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































Ishai Naveh - Director Information (UK)















UK Corporate Information













COMPANIES
DIRECTORS












HomeCompany SearchDirector Search












HomeCompany SearchDirector SearchCompany by Zip Code










Ishai Naveh
Borregas Avenue, , Sunnyvale, California, CA 94089


OVERVIEW - Ishai NavehLATEST NEWS









Ishai Naveh



Ishai Naveh was Born in March, 1958 (59 years old)  a resident of Borregas Avenue, , Sunnyvale, California, CA 94089 (Usa) having Israeli nationality and currently holding positions as Director Ishai Naveh was appointed in over 1 companies and currently holding positions in over 1 companies listed below registered in United Kingdom (UK).













Adesto Technologies Uk Limited



Address


                                    Fryern House, 125 Winchester Road, Chandlers Ford, Hampshire, SO53 2DR
                                



Standard Industry Classification (SIC)


                                    Agents specializing in the sale of particular products or ranges of products n.e.c. (46180)
                                


Company Status

active




Appointment


ACTIVE
                                    Wednesday 19 September 2012
                                    
                                


Association
Ishai Naveh is associated with Adesto Technologies Uk Limited since Wednesday 19 September 2012 as Director


View Full Profile of Adesto Technologies Uk Limited >





Ishai Naveh - Latest News


Adesto Technologies Corp - Profilemarketsinsider.com • Wednesday 05 July 2017DataFlash, Mavriq Medical, Moneta ultra low power NVM, power line communication, embedded licensing, and boot memory. The company was founded by Narbeh Derhacobian, Ishai Naveh, and Shane Hollmer in 2007 and is headquartered in Sunnyvale, CA.
1250 Borregas Ave Sunnyvale, CA 94089www.corporationwiki.com • Tuesday 04 July 2017We have found 11 companies and 4 people at this address. The companies and people listed on this page at one time used the above address in association with their company. This data can sometimes help you identify similar companies that are connected in ...
Key Executives for Adesto Technologies CorporationBloomberg • Friday 30 June 2017Narbeh Derhacobian Ph.D. 4 Relationships Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 53 Shane Hollmer No Relationships Co-Founder and Vice President of Engineering 48 Ishai Naveh No Relationships Co-Founder and Vice President of Business ...
Adesto Technologies Corp (IOTS)uk.investing.com • Wednesday 21 June 2017Get an in-depth profile of Adesto Technologies Corp, including a general overview of the company's business and key management, as well as employee data and location and contact information. Adesto Technologies Corporation is a provider of application ...


View All News Articles >






Site2Corp - United Kingdom (UK)
Company Search
Director Search
Company By Zip Code
Insights
Company Statistics

Help
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy

Looking for Companies In ?


India (IN)
United Kingdom (UK)




Copyright © 2016 Site2Corp






    Ishai Naveh | Adesto Technologies Corporation | ZoomInfo.com



Ishai Naveh - Founder, Vice President of Marketing and Business Development @ Adesto Technologies | crunchbase
esvertadwDISCOVERCompaniesPeopleInvestorsFunding RoundsAcquisitionsSchoolsEventsMy SearchesMy ListsFeaturedContributeData SolutionsAboutTermsCareersSitemapEditorial Partners: TechCrunch© 2017 Crunchbase Inc.All rights reserved.Ishai NavehOverviewTimelineContributorsAdd to this ProfileContributeOverviewUpdatePrimary RoleFounder, Vice President of Marketing and Business Development @ Adesto TechnologiesGender:MaleLocation:UnknownSocial: Person DetailsUpdateIshai Naveh is a co-founder and the Vice President of Marketing and Business Development for Adesto Technologies. In his role, he is responsible for forging partnerships as well as positioning the company in growing, lucrative markets.
Previously Mr. Naveh, was the VP of Marketing for Non-volatile Memories and Mixed Signal Technologies at Tower Semiconductor USA.
Prior to arriving in the USA, he was Senior Director for foundry technologies at Tower. Mr. Naveh began his career at National Semiconductor, holding several positions in the USA and Israel.
Mr. Naveh holds a B.Sc. from the Hebrew University and MBA from Heriott-Watt University. He has published several papers and issued over 10 patents.
Jobs (4)UpdateCurrentFounder, Vice President of Marketing and Business DevelopmentAdesto Technologies2007 - Current   (over 10 years)PastStartedEndedTitleCompanyUnknownUnknownSenior Director for Foundry TechnologiesTowerJazzUnknownUnknownTeam MemberNational Semiconductor19842007VP of Marketing for Non-Volatile Memories and Mixed Signal TechnologiesTowerJazzEducation (2)UpdateHebrew University of JerusalemBSHeriot-Watt UniversityMBAAdd Board & Advisor RolesAdd NewsAdd MembershipsAdd ImagesAdd VideosB2CDA-LR37J-YK78Y-A3S53-VWN7U

               Ishai Naveh - United Kingdom     Dato Capital         Home Help Pricing Contact us Español        Log In New User     United Kingdom  Ishai Naveh Naveh Ishai  Download Report Watch this director  Reports Positions Business areas History Similar name    Reports    Director Report with insolvency check, phone numbers and contact addresses (United Kingdom)    It includesthe current and past appointments and positions in companies, with relevant data about each companyinsolvency search in registers of England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland, addresses and phone numbers (name match search against British Telecom OSIS database)a list of other directors who held positions in the same companies at the same timerelated news search+Dedicated Customer Support by email     Positions ExecutiveDirector    Business areas Business related areas  Hampshire     History  Partial History  Date Event Region  Wednesday, September 19, 2012Appointment as DirectorHampshire     Executives with similar name    Lior Naveh, Spain   Aviv Naveh, Spain   Dov Naveh, United Kingdom      This information comes from public records and matching is performed only by full name so it's possible that the information refers to more than one person  Personal data protection and legal information   Back to Top       Dato Capital 
   ©2017 DATO CAPITAL LTD London   About Us Legal information Privacy PolicyCookie PolicyTerms of Service Contact us  Search companies and directors from UK Gibraltar Luxembourg Spain Netherlands Curaçao Panama Malta Cayman Islands British Virgin Islands      Google+ Twitter      We use cookies (including third party cookies) to perform navigation analytics. Continuing browsing you consent to receive them. For more information visit our Cookie policy     











































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







