

	Home | Neuberger Berman








































































































United States
Not Your Country?


To access available investments and market insights, please select your audience (required).
































Personalize Your Experience

In order to provide a completely personalized experience, please select from the following options.(required)


Please select a job role.

I would also like Defined Contribution specific content.



Submit

















Order Cart

You have unordered items in your cart
 Do not show this message again.
            


Go To Cart
Close









Username change

Our records show your email address may have changed. Do you want to update it?(You will have to re-login back in.)
 Do not show this message again.
            


Yes No









Terms and Conditions




Accept   
						  Decline









Terms and Conditions






Accept
Decline









United States




Not Your Country?
Select a Site
To access available investments and market insights, please select your audience (required).



 
 
 
 


























Select Your Region





Select Your Country





Select Your Audience











GlobalSelect Your Country


















        en: global
    



    
    Change Country
    
    












































 






ASSET ALLOCATION COMMITTEE OUTLOOK 3Q2017
From Reflation to “Goldilocks”: What Comes Next?
Which markets can thrive when the range of potential outcomes is so wide?
Read Our Insight








                                            For Available Investments
                                            and Market Insights
                                        
Select Your Country





​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​







​​​​​​
           
 
 
 



Insights and InvestmentsCIO Weekly Perspectives‘War and Peace’ on the BeachSummer reflections on complacency, humility and diversification.InsightRates: Where’s the Drama?The Federal Reserve raised short-term interest rates as expected, but things could get a bit more entertaining as the year progresses.CapabilitiesInvestment PlatformWe offer global clients investment solutions across asset classes, capitalizations, styles and geographies in both public and private...VideoFixed Income at Neuberger BermanBrad Tank, Chief Investment Officer – Fixed Income, explains our client-first philosophy and research-driven approach.

Get to Know UsOur FirmAbout Neuberger BermanNeuberger Berman was founded in 1939 to do one thing: deliver compelling investment results for our clients over the long term.VideoWho We AreWatch an overview of our firm’s history, capabilities, and culture.2016 Annual ReportA Message from Our CEO2016 was a year of great change—in geopolitics, in economic policy and expectations, and in financial markets. Through it all, however,...ESG InvestingA Purpose-Driven Investment ApproachAs a global investment manager, Neuberger Berman has a responsibility to consider how the choices we make as investors and as...




























/ 
            /Style Library/images/spacer.gif 





































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Neuberger Berman Jobs - Alternative Investment Product Specialist in New York, New York, United States












































            
                
                    Neuberger Berman Jobs
                
            
        







Where

city, state, country


What

job title, keywords











Home

            View All Jobs
            
(35)












Neuberger Berman


Alternative Investment Product Specialist in
            
New York, New York








About Neuberger Berman Group LLC: Neuberger Berman is an independent, employee-owned, global asset management firm, serving the financial needs of
institutional and individual investors worldwide. Our broad capabilities include traditional and alternative equity and fixed
income strategies, private equity and commodities, in addition to portfolio advice and wealth planning services. We offer a
broad platform to accommodate the evolving needs of our clients. Job Description: The Alternative Investment Product Specialist will work with the internal marketing team, RIAs, brokerage houses,
institutional investors and intermediaries to educate them about Alternative offerings. The process will involve one-on-one and group presentations, conference calls, and coordination and preparation of strategy materials and white papers. The
Alternative Investment Product Specialist will work closely with marketing professionals so that they can be more effective in
communicating alternative strategies and products with their clients and prospects. The Alternative Investment Product
Specialist must have excellent interpersonal, organizational and communication skills, a deep understanding of the equity,
derivative, and fixed income markets, and the ability to work well in a collaborative environment. Responsibilities: - Develop a deep understanding of NB Alternative products and strategies

Serve as the primary internal and client-facing point of contact for the liquid alternatives platform
Provide clients, prospects, consultants, and intermediaries with updates about the alternatives products, including existing
offerings and new products
Present support and guidance to NB National Field Force on suite of Alternative Investment solutions in order to drive
utilization and education of those solutions and satisfy client needs and objectives.
Travel frequently to various domestic locations to attend client meetings and promote new business opportunities
Coordinate and Review Requests for Proposals (RFPs) drafted by NB's RFP team
Facilitate and promote new business opportunities along with NB's sales force
Prepare presentations, white papers, market updates, and other deliverables - Responsible for shaping product marketing, emphasizing consistency and refinement through analysis of market demand, competitor offerings and performance review
Ensure materials and communications going to clients are of excellent quality and consistency
Research and resolve client issues
Develop and maintain good working relationships with all areas of NB to promote good will and create cross-product
opportunities Qualifications: - Candidate must have 15 + years of capital markets experience in either a sales, investor relations or structuring capacity with a minimum of 5 years prior experience within alternative investments.
Strong analytical skills and attention to detail
Strong organizational skills and ability to prioritize projects - Undergraduate degree in business administration, marketing or finance (CFA, CAIA or MBA a plus) - Series 7, 63, 24, 65 or 66 (or obtained within 6 months of hire) Neuberger Berman is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. The firm and its affiliates do not discriminate in employment because of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, age, citizenship, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression or because of any other criteria prohibited under controlling federal, state or local law.

Job Title: Alternative Investment Product Specialist
Location: New York, NY









Apply Now





Apply Now


Share















Current Search Criteria




              Alternative Investment Product S...
            



              New York
            



              New York
            

Clear All








Neuberger Berman Car...


Career Sites




Neuberger Berman Lin...
Neuberger Berman Twi...


Social Media











About DirectEmployer...
Become a Member
Member Directory
Neuberger Berman on ...







            
             Neuberger Berman is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. The Firm and its affiliates do not discriminate in employment because of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, veteran status, disability, age, citizenship, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression or because of any other criteria prohibited under controlling federal, state or local law. 

            
        






Follow Us








Neuberger Berman

Our Firm
Press
Careers
Global Office Locations



Client Account Access

Private Asset Management
Trust Services
Mutual Funds
Institutional Separate Accounts
Institutional Client Reporting
Private Equity Funds





Certain products and services may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all client types.
© 2009-  Neuberger Berman Group LLC | All rights reserved
			






















NB Alternative Investment Management LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 10:54 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of NB Alternative Investment Management LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
NB Alternative Investment Management LLC is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It also caters to high net worth individuals, investment companies, pension and profit sharing plans, insurance companies, and corporations and other businesses. The firm manages separate client-focused portfolios. It also manages equity and balanced mutual funds. The firm invests in the public equity markets. It employs a combination of in-house and external research to make its investments. The firm was founded in 2001 and is based in New York City with an additional office in Los Angeles, California. NB Alternative Investment Management ...
NB Alternative Investment Management LLC is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It also caters to high net worth individuals, investment companies, pension and profit sharing plans, insurance companies, and corporations and other businesses. The firm manages separate client-focused portfolios. It also manages equity and balanced mutual funds. The firm invests in the public equity markets. It employs a combination of in-house and external research to make its investments. The firm was founded in 2001 and is based in New York City with an additional office in Los Angeles, California. NB Alternative Investment Management LLC operates as a subsidiary of Neuberger Berman Group LLC.
Detailed Description


605 Third Avenue22nd FloorNew York, NY 10158United StatesFounded in 2001



Phone: 212-476-5900

Fax: 646-537-4660








Key Executives for NB Alternative Investment Management LLC




Mr. Eric Weinstein


      	Managing Director and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Jeffrey Adam Majit CFA


      	Co-Head, MD, Head of Event Driven & Relative Value Strategy Research and Portfolio Manager
      








Dr. David Gerson Kupperman Ph.D.


      	Co-Head, Managing Director, Head of Liquid Strategies and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Ian Haas CFA


      	Senior Vice President and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Fred Ingham ACA,CFA


      	Managing Director, Head of International Hedge Fund Investments and Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact NB Alternative Investment Management LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














NB Alternative Fund Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























nb alternative fund management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: -
Industry: -
Sub-Industry: -
NB Alternative Fund Management LLC has registered with the SEC as an investment adviser. Certain information provided in this description is obtained from the Form ADV filing.




Corporate Information
Address:

605 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10158
United States


Phone:
1-212-497-9000


Fax:
1-212-497-9862























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data












































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










Liquid Alternatives Center




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          




















 

$ {headerPrefix } 







Diversifying Your Portfolio With Liquid Alternatives















Diversifying Your Portfolio With Liquid Alternatives

 / 























DEFINING ALTERNATIVES
1 of 3





INVESTOR BENEFITS
2 of 3





WHY NOW
3 of 3













Exploring a Broader Opportunity Set

                Mutual funds and ETFs have evolved to offer alternative
investment opportunities to nearly every investor.
            









Alternatives Use Familiar Investments and Apply Differentiated Strategies





Alternative strategies generally use traditional investments, like stocks and bonds, and apply non-traditional investment approaches in an effort to provide differentiated returns. Alternative strategies can also access other asset classes, such as real estate or commodities.










Alternatives Are Now More Accessible





For many years, alternative investments were only available to institutions, like pensions and endowments, and certain individual investors. Today, nearly every investor can access the differentiated return characteristics of alternatives through mutual funds or ETFs, also known as liquid alternatives.











Source: GSAM. For illustrative purposes only. Views and opinions expressed are for informational purposes only and do not constitute a recommendation by GSAM to buy, sell, or hold any security. An investment in alternatives is not appropriate for all investors. Please see additional disclosures. Note that alternative investing is not suitable for all investors and liquid alternatives are not riskless investments, so investors can lose money.

















 

$ {headerPrefix } 










Alternatives: Exploring a Broader Opportunity Set















Alternatives: Exploring a Broader Opportunity Set

 / 






















Broader Adoption of Alternatives Is Underway





Liquid alternatives industry assets and the number of available funds have grown tremendously as these strategies have become increasingly available in mutual fund format.










Source: Morningstar as of December 31, 2016. For illustrative purposes only. In an effort to distinguish funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed the Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).







Taking an Alternate Path to Generate Returns

                Alternatives may help investors achieve a smoother investment experience over various market cycles, allowing for long-term outperformance.
            









Alternatives Have Often Outperformed Either Stocks or Bonds





A more flexible investment approach allows alternative strategies to access distinct drivers of return. As a result, they may behave more independently than traditional asset classes. Alternatives have historically provided differentiated returns and helped to stabilize investment portfolios over time.





Over the Past 27 Years, Alternatives Outperformed at Least One Element of an Investor’s Core Portfolio 67% of the Time.










Additional Returns










For Illustrative Purposes Only. Source: Bloomberg, GSAM. Underlying Indices: Core Equity – S&P 500 Index; Core Fixed Income – Barclays US Agg Bond Index; Alternatives – HFRIFOF Index. Please see additional disclosures. Time period shown is earliest common inception date (HFRI FoF inception 1/1/1990) through the most recent end of year. Past performance does not guarantee future results, which may vary.











Alternatives Have Provided Additional Stability to Investors





Over the past 25 years, stocks have appreciated in value by a factor of ten, though the ascent has been rocky at times. Bonds have had more modest but stable appreciation. By diversifying sources of return and helping to provide stability in market downturns, alternatives may encourage investors to stay the course over various market cycles.










VIEW LESS DISCLOSURE





Source: GSAM, Bloomberg, HFR. As of December 31, 2016. Starting point of January 1990 selected given longest common index since inception (HFRI FOF inception January 1990). Alternatives , equities, and bonds are represented by the HFRI Fund of Funds Index, S&P 500 TR Index, and Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index, respectively. HFRI and related indices are trademarks and service marks of Hedge Fund Research, Inc. ("HFR") which has no affiliation with GSAM. Information regarding HFR indices was obtained from HFR’s website and other public sources and is provided for informational purposes only. HFR does not endorse or approve any of the statements made herein. HFRI FOF index shown as representative of absolute return strategies. Past performance does not guarantee future results, which may vary.
*Growth of $10,000: A graphical measurement of a portfolio's gross return that simulates the performance of an initial investment of $10,000 over the given time period. The example provided does not reflect the deduction of investment advisory fees which would reduce an investor's return. Please be advised that since this example is calculated gross of fees the compounding effect of an investment manager's fees are not taken into consideration and the deduction of such fees would have a significant impact on the returns the greater the time period and as such the value of the $10,000, if calculated on a net basis, would be significantly lower than shown in this example.
Diversification does not protect an investor from market risk and does not ensure a profit.










Solving a Return Conundrum

                After years of strong returns for stocks and bonds, the future may not resemble the past.
            









We Believe Now Is the Time to Diversify Your Portfolio with Alternatives





With stock prices and bond yields near record levels, we believe it is unlikely for current trends to continue. Alternatives have historically delivered attractive returns relative to stocks and bonds during challenging market environments.










VIEW LESS DISCLOSURE





Source: GSAM, Bloomberg, HFR. As of December 31, 2016. Challenges faced by traditional asset classes are defined as equity bear markets and rising rate periods. Rising rate periods are longest five since 1990. Bear markets are defined as periods in which equities realized at least a 15% pullback. Starting point of January 1990 selected given longest common index since inception (HFRI FOF inception January 1990). Data reflects average outperformance of alternatives (HFRI Fund of Funds Index) versus bonds (Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index) in five longest rising rate periods since 1990 and of alternatives (HFRI Fund of Fund Index) versus stocks (S&P 500 TR Index) during equity bear markets. HFRI and related indices are trademarks and service marks of Hedge Fund Research, Inc. ("HFR") which has no affiliation with GSAM. Information regarding HFR indices was obtained from HFR’s website and other public sources and is provided for informational purposes only. HFR does not endorse or approve any of the statements made herein. HFRI FOF index shown as representative of absolute return strategies. Past performance does not guarantee future results, which may vary.













Conversation Starters





Insights and analysis designed to address questions and provide information to investors exploring alternative investments.












												Alternatives Can Be Core Strategies
											


Over the last quarter century, alternatives frequently outperformed stocks or bonds.











												Harness the Power of Diversification
											


Increasing the number of strategies may lower volatility, without detracting from returns.











												Make Risk Matter
											


Portfolios with lower volatility—for instance, those which incorporate alternative strategies—may reduce risk.  










												Rethink the Role of Cash
											


Investors should review the liquidity tools available to address a tricky trilemma.






VIEW LESS










Learn More About Liquid Alternatives




















												Liquid Alternative Investments MAPS
											


The MAPS is designed to help investors understand the risks and potential reward of liquid alternatives.


















												Bringing Alternatives Within Reach
											


The GS Multi-Manager Alternatives Fund is a mutual fund that provides investors access to a diverse group of leading alternatives managers across a range of strategies. 

















												Seeking Consistent Returns Across All Market Environments
											


GS Absolute Return Multi-Asset Fund is a multi-asset class alternative investment portfolio that seeks to deliver consistent returns in all market environments through broad diversification and dynamic management. 

















												Alternative Investment Allocation Tool
											


Use this tool to explore the potential benefits of adding alternatives to a theoretical portfolio.  











												Liquid Alternatives Glossary
											


A guide to common liquid alternatives investing terms. 





VIEW LESS






                                CONTACT US
                                
                                     
                                        
                                            
                                            
                                                See More
                                            



For More Information

Broker/Dealers


800.292.4726



Independents/RIAs


866.473.8637



Banks


888.444.1151



Retirement Services


800.559.9778






Client Service

A & C Shares


800.292.4726



Institutional Shares


800.621.2550













                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               























































Buy Bitcoin with your IRA • Bitcoin IRA







































    





Copyright © 2017 Bitcoin IRA. All Rights Reserved 




Buy Bitcoin using your IRA or 401k




Bitcoin is in a temporary dip and yet is still up over 200% in 2017 alone. Invest your IRA in Bitcoin before Bitcoin's next massive price rise.


This is an IRS approved program with no penalties to move your retirement funds.


Complete this form to get started and to receive your free Bitcoin Guide.

























Get my free guide























“Bitcoin: It’s a red-hot asset that’s now being used as a retirement investment.”




“The world’s hottest asset is the newest way to invest for retirement.”




“This is the first Bitcoin IRA approved by the IRS.”




































Fix the following errors:Hide





















How It Works | BitcoinIRA.com


























































 



























 






 















How Bitcoin IRA Works














Bitcoin IRA is a one-of-a-kind investment opportunity.
 We are a full-service company that ensures a safe transfer of your retirement account into an IRS-approved account for Bitcoin and Ethereum.







  

















Step 1
Complete Your IRA Application



We will send you an application to set up a new Bitcoin IRA account with our custodian to get started.















  











Step 2
Rollover Your IRA or 401k Funds



Once your account is set up, we request a transfer of your funds from your existing retirement account into your new Bitcoin IRA.





















  

















Step 3
Buy Your Bitcoins



After your funds arrive we’ll schedule a phone call with you to perform a live trade and buy your Bitcoins.















  











Step 4
Access Your Exclusive Bitgo™ “Cold Storage” Wallet



Your Bitcoins are stored securely in our exclusive digital wallet with Bitgo, the leader in multi-signature encryption technology. 





















  
















We Ensure The Highest Security
We created a multi-layer system to provide maximum security for your Bitcoin IRA.















Your Digital Wallet
Your Bitcoins are stored with BitGo, the leader in multi-signature encryption and digital security with over $1 Billion in transactions per month. Learn more about Bitgo.




Your Security Keys
Three unique keys are generated to ensure maximum security. These are kept with:
✓ Your digital wallet, BitGo
✓ Your Bitcoin IRA custodian, Kingdom Trust
✓ Your backup key provider, Keytern.al




ID + Voice Verification
Unlike cash Bitcoin transactions, we require additional layers of security including ID verification and voice confirmation when we perform your live trade. This ensures maximum security for your transfer and purchase.














  









 
Multiple keys protects your Bitcoin IRA funds against single machine compromise or single key losses.
A multi-signature wallet is one where multiple private keys are required to move the bitcoins instead of a single key. These private keys are spread across multiple machines, essentially eliminating the opportunity of theft from malware or hackers since they are unlikely to simultaneously compromise your laptop, desktop and smartphone.


















Getting started is easy. Let us help.




Take advantage of one of the fastest growing investments in 2017.





GET STARTED













				Questions?			




Call our experts at 877-936-7175





















 
© 2017 BitcoinIRA


 COMPANY
About us
Press


 LEARN
Buy Bitcoin
Buy Ethereum
Bitcoin Price Charts
Ethereum Price Charts
FAQ
Industry News


 LEGAL
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Risk Disclosures



 
Get the latest Bitcoin news in your inbox


Subscribe




 SECURITY

SERVICES









Crypto currencies are very speculative investments and involve a high degree of risk. Investors must have the financial ability, sophistication/experience and willingness to bear the risks of an investment, and a potential total loss of their investment. See Risk Disclosures.


















 







Buy Bitcoins with your IRA • Bitcoin IRA






































    





Copyright © 2017 Bitcoin IRA. All Rights Reserved 




Rollover your IRA or 401k to Bitcoins or Ethereum




This is an IRS approved program with no penalties to move your retirement funds.


Complete this form to get started and to receive your free Bitcoin Guide.

























Get my free guide























“Bitcoin: It’s a red-hot asset that’s now being used as a retirement investment.”




“The world’s hottest asset is the newest way to invest for retirement.”




“This is the first Bitcoin IRA approved by the IRS.”




































Fix the following errors:Hide

























BitcoinIRA | Get Started































Welcome to Bitcoin IRA!
Let's Get Started.

          Completing this information will help us start the set-up process in order to purchase Bitcoins or
          Ethereum with your IRA.











Your Retirement Account



What kind of retirement account do you have?







What is your date of birth?




Please enter a valid Date of Birth in MM/DD/YYYY format





Who is your current retirement account with?





What's the approx. value of all your retirement accounts?

Please enter a numeric amount





Your Investments



How much would you like to invest? 



Please enter a numeric amount starting at 5000



Approximately what percent of each coin would you like to invest in?












Your Timeline



How soon would you like to get started?


Immediately
2-5 days
1 week
2-3 weeks
1 month or more






Your Information



First Name 

First name is required




Last Name 

Last name is required




Telephone Number 

Phone number is required




Email Address 

Email Address is required






Submit
Please complete all required fields before submitting


                    Crypto currencies are very speculative investments and involve a high degree of risk. Investors must have the financial ability, sophistication/experience and willingness to bear the risks of an investment, and a potential total loss of their investment. See Risk Disclosures.
                  





Support
For questions, contact one of our support representatives.

800-705-4146
Live Chat




Security and Trust
We promise to ensure the upmost security and privacy when it comes to your IRA investment.

Exclusive 3-keyed "Cold Storage" IRA wallet with Bitgo.
5 Star - Birdeye Reviews





























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v























