


NEOGLYPHIC ENTERTAINMENT — NEOGLYPHIC ENTERTAINMENT
















































NEOGLYPHIC
ENTERTAINMENT








THE NEOGLYPHIC TEAM HAS MOVED ON TO A NEW, EXCITING ADVENTURE!
Our new path allows us to push forward with our passion for building great technology and experiences. Please see the relevant links below for more info:






OUR PRODUCTS
For 3D content-creators




NEOFUR
Existing or prospective NeoFur customers, learn more







PUBLISHING
Fans of Sunborn Rising, Threads, the Spire Series, learn more




















Privacy Policy — NEOGLYPHIC ENTERTAINMENT








































End User Licenseand Terms of Service






Effective Date: July 01, 2015
Last Updated Date: November 20, 2015
1. Acceptance of the Terms and Conditions.
a. Binding Agreement; Description. Neoglyphic Entertainment, Inc. (“NEI,” “we,” “us” or “our”) provides and makes available its website located at http://www.neoglyphic.com/ (and related subdomains), along with its mobile applications (“Apps”) and other online properties (all such properties, collectively, the “Service”). All uses of the Service are subject to the terms and conditions contained in this End User License and Terms of Service (“Agreement”). Please read this Agreement carefully. By accessing, browsing or otherwise using the Service, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you do not accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you may not access, browse or use the Service. 
AS FURTHER DESCRIBED BELOW, THIS AGREEMENT REQUIRES THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS, AND ALSO LIMITS THE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO YOU IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE.
b. Changes to this Agreement. You understand and agree that NEI may change this Agreement at any time without prior notice; provided that NEI will endeavor to provide you with prior notice of any material changes. You may read a current, effective copy of this Agreement at any time by selecting the appropriate link on the Service. The revised Agreement will become effective at the time of posting. Any use of the Service after such date will constitute your acceptance of such revised Agreement. If any change to this Agreement is not acceptable to you, your sole remedy is to cease accessing, browsing and otherwise using the Service. The terms of this Agreement will govern any updates NEI provides to you that replace and/or supplement the original Service or any other portion thereof, unless that upgrade is accompanied by a separate license or revised Agreement, in which case the terms of that license or revised Agreement will govern. Notwithstanding the preceding sentences of this Section 1.b, no revisions to this Agreement will apply to any dispute between you and NEI that arose prior to the effective date of such revision. 
c. Privacy Policy. Your access to and use of the Service is also subject to NEI’s Privacy Policy located at http://www.neoglyphic.com/privacypolicy (“Privacy Policy”), the terms and conditions of which are incorporated herein by reference.
d. Eligibility. THE SERVICE IS NOT FOR PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 13 OR FOR ANY USERS PREVIOUSLY SUSPENDED OR REMOVED FROM THE SERVICE BY NEI. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE, YOU MUST NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICE AT ANY TIME OR IN ANY MANNER. Furthermore, by using the Service, you affirm that you are at least 13 years of age. 
2. The Service. The Service allows you to access and use our online products and services, including, without limitation, certain games, music and other Neoglyphic content and products. We also may offer contests or other promotions on the Service, which are governed by the terms and conditions located at http://www.neoglyphic.com/promotionterms/. The terms set forth below are additional terms that apply to your use of certain products offered through the Service.
a. Neoverse®. Our Neoverse® product allows content creators (“Creators”) to share their works in progress (“Projects”) with individuals who are interested in reviewing and evaluating such Projects (“Reviewers”). 
i. Eligibility. If you access and use the Service as a Creator, then (i) you must be at least 18 years of age, (ii) you affirm that you are at least 18 years of age, and (iii) you may use the functionality offered by the Service to identify any of your User Content (defined below) that you believe is inappropriate for users under the age of 18. If you so identify your User Content as inappropriate for users under 18, then only users 18 and older will be able to access such User Content.
ii. Creators. The Service allows Creators to enhance and improve their Projects based on input from Reviewers. Creators may upload Projects to the Service and select the number of users to review them. Creators may invite specific Reviewers to work on their Projects and send emails to individuals inviting them to become Reviewers on the Service. Creators may determine the length of each Project, but reserve the right to terminate any Project at any time. In addition, Creators may choose to have NEI impose confidentiality obligations on Reviewers as more fully described below. To obtain feedback about their Projects, Creators may choose from a variety of survey options that will allow them to collect data from Reviewers. Once a Project expires or is terminated by a Creator, the Creator receives a digest of survey results and comments submitted from Reviewers. Creators may then rate Reviewers based on the helpfulness of their comments and survey responses.
iii. Reviewers. The Service allows Reviewers to select Projects to review and/or to participate in Projects for which the Reviewer has received an invitation. After Reviewers download the applicable Project, they will be able to read and review the Project, submit comments and answer survey questions about their experience during the Project. Once a Project has ended, a Reviewer may (i) follow the Creator to participate in future Projects by the applicable Creator, or (ii) request notifications for updates to the Project. Reviewers may be eligible for rewards based on participation and positive reports from Creators as further described in any rewards terms posted to the Service. 
iv. License to Creators. If you are a Reviewer, then you hereby irrevocably grant to any Creator for whose Project(s) you have submitted User Content a perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, sublicensable, royalty-free and worldwide right and license to Use (defined below) your User Content and derivatives thereof for any purpose and without restriction and/or attribution of any kind, including, without limitation, to commercially exploit any works of authorship that may incorporate or embody your User Content, whether in whole or in part.
v. License to Reviewers. If you are a Creator, then you hereby grant to each Reviewer of your Project(s) a limited, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free and worldwide right and license to use your User Content solely to evaluate your Project(s) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
vi. Confidentiality. Before you begin working on a Project, we may require you to agree not to disclose any information about the applicable Project to either (i) any third party, or (ii) any third party that is not also a Reviewer of the same Project on the Service. We will inform you of any confidentiality obligations before you begin working on a Project. Any breach of this obligation will constitute a material breach of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Creator of any Project you are invited to review or comment upon is hereby designated an intended third party beneficiary of this Agreement with respect to the rights and obligations set forth in this Section 2.a.vi, with the right to bring an action against any Reviewer that is in breach of this provision. Except for the foregoing sentence, this Agreement is not intended to and does not establish any third party beneficiaries. 
3. Mobile Services. The Service is available via a mobile phone, tablet or other wireless device (collectively, “Mobile Services”). Your mobile carrier’s normal messaging, data, and other rates and fees will apply to your use of the Mobile Services. In addition, downloading, installing, or using certain Mobile Services may be prohibited or restricted by your mobile carrier, and not all Mobile Services may work with all carriers or devices. Therefore, you are solely responsible for checking with your mobile carrier to determine if the Mobile Services are available for your mobile device(s), what restrictions, if any, may be applicable to your use of the Mobile Services, and how much they will cost you. Nevertheless, all use of the Service and the Mobile Services must be strictly in accordance with this Agreement.
4.Registration.
a. Log-In Credentials. While you may always browse the public-facing pages of the Service, in order to enjoy the full benefits of the Service, you must create an account with us (an “Account”). 
b. Account Security. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your Account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur through the use of your credentials. You agree to notify NEI immediately at contact@neoglyphic.com if you suspect or know of any unauthorized use of your log-in credentials or any other breach of security with respect to your Account. NEI will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from unauthorized use of your credentials prior to you notifying NEI of such unauthorized use or loss of your credentials. Separate log-in credentials may be required by the owners and/or operators of External Sites (defined below) to access such External Sites.
c. Accuracy of Information. In creating an Account, you agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information as requested in any registration forms required by NEI. You also agree to update the information about yourself promptly, and as necessary, to keep it current and accurate. We reserve the right to disallow, cancel, remove, or reassign certain usernames and permalinks in appropriate circumstances, as determined by us in our sole discretion, and may, with or without prior notice, suspend or terminate your Account if activities occur on your Account which, in our sole discretion, would or might constitute a violation of this Agreement, or an infringement or violation of the rights of any third party, or of any applicable laws or regulations, including, but not limited to, trademark rights, copyrights, or the rights of privacy or publicity. If messages sent to an e-mail address provided by you are returned as undeliverable, then NEI reserves the right to terminate your Account immediately with or without notice to you and without any liability to you or any third party. 
d. Inviting Friends. NEI may offer you the ability to invite your friends to use the Service by sending them messages through the Service. You represent and warrant you will only send messages through the Service to people who have given you their express consent to receive such messages, and you hereby agree to indemnify and hold NEI harmless from any and all claims arising out of your sending these messages to any person. You are responsible for all fees and charges associated with such messages. 
5. Intellectual Property Rights
a. License. Subject to your complete and ongoing compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, NEI hereby grants you a personal, limited, revocable, non-transferable license to access and use the Service solely for your personal, non-commercial use. NEI reserves all rights not expressly granted to you. 
b. Content. Except for User Content (defined below), the content that we provide users on the Service, including without limitation, any sound recordings, musical works, text, graphics, photos, software, and interactive features are protected by copyright or other intellectual property rights and owned by NEI or its third party licensors (the “NEI Content”). Moreover, NEI solely owns all design rights, databases and compilation and other intellectual property rights in and to the Service, in each case whether registered or unregistered, and all related goodwill.
c. Marks. The trademarks, service marks, and logos of NEI (the “NEI Trademarks”) used and displayed on the Service are registered and unregistered trademarks or service marks of NEI. Other product and service names located on the Service may be trademarks or service marks owned by third parties (the “Third-Party Trademarks,” and, collectively with the NEI Trademarks, the “Trademarks”). Nothing on the Service or in this Agreement should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on this Service without the prior express written consent of NEI for each individual use. Without limiting the foregoing, (i) you may not use the Trademarks to disparage NEI or the applicable third-party, NEI’s or a third-party’s products or services, or in any manner (using commercially reasonable judgment) that may damage any goodwill in the Trademarks, and (ii) you may not use any Trademarks as part of a link to or from any Service without NEI’s prior express written consent. All goodwill generated from the use of any NEI Trademark will inure solely to NEI’s benefit. 
d. Restrictions. Except as permitted by the functionality available on the Service, you also may not copy, reproduce, create derivative works of, publicly display or perform, communicate to the public, distribute, upload, transmit, republish, or Post (defined below) any NEI Content in any way or for any purpose. Without limiting the foregoing, (i) the use or Posting of any of the NEI Content on any other website or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is also expressly prohibited, and (ii) you also may not attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the Service, any updates, or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent any of the foregoing restrictions are prohibited by applicable law). If you violate any part of this Agreement, then your right to access and/or use the NEI Content and Service will automatically terminate and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of the NEI Content. 
6. User Content. 
a. Definition. “User Content” means any content that users upload, post or transmit (collectively, “Post”) to or through the Service including, without limitation, literary works, photographs, audiovisual works, musical works, sound recordings, artwork and any other work subject to protection under the laws of the United States or any other jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, patent, trademark, trade secret, and copyright laws. For the avoidance of doubt, User Content excludes NEI Content.
b.  Screening User Content. NEI offers users the ability to submit User Content to the Service. NEI does not pre-screen any User Content, but reserves the right to remove or delete any User Content in its sole discretion. In addition, NEI has the right – but not the obligation – in its sole discretion to remove or delete any User Content that we consider to violate this Agreement, applicable law or otherwise constitute Objectionable Content (defined below). NEI does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of any User Content, and under no circumstances will NEI be liable in any way for any User Content. 
c. Intellectual Property Rights. YOU RETAIN OWNERSHIP OF ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE IN YOUR USER CONTENT AND SUBMITTING YOUR USER CONTENT TO THE SERVICE DOES NOT TRANSFER OWNERSHIP OF YOUR RIGHTS. 
d. Licenses to User Content. You hereby grant to NEI an unrestricted, assignable, sublicensable, revocable, royalty-free license throughout the universe to reproduce, distribute, publicly display, communicate to the public, publicly perform(including by means of digital audio transmissions and on a through-to-the-audience basis), make available, create derivative works from, retransmit from External Sites, and otherwise exploit and use (collectively, “Use”) all User Content you Post to or through the Service by any means, through any media and formats now known or hereafter developed, for the purposes of (a) advertising, marketing, and promoting NEI and the Service; and (b) providing the Service as authorized by this Agreement. You further grant NEI a royalty-free license to use your user name, image, and likeness to identify you as the source of any of your User Content. You must not post any User Content on or through the Service or transmit to NEI any User Content that you consider to be confidential or proprietary. Any User Content posted by you to or through the Service or transmitted to NEI will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and treated as such by NEI, and may be used by NEI in accordance with this Agreement without notice to you and without any liability to NEI. For the avoidance of doubt, the rights granted in the preceding sentences of this Section include, but are not limited to, the right to reproduce sound recordings (and make mechanical reproductions of the musical works embodied in such sound recordings), and publicly perform sound recordings (and the musical works embodied therein), all on a royalty-free basis. This means that you are granting to NEI the right to Use your User Content without the obligation to pay royalties to any third party, including, but not limited to, a sound recording copyright owner (e.g., a record label), a musical work copyright owner (e.g., a music publisher), a PRO, a sound recording PRO (e.g., SoundExchange), any unions or guilds, and engineers, producers or other royalty participants involved in the creation of User Content. 
e. You Must Have Rights to the Content You Post. You must not Post any User Content to the Service if you are not the copyright owner of or are not fully authorized to grant rights in all of the elements of the User Content you intend to Post to the Service. In addition, if you only own the rights in and to a sound recording, but not to the underlying musical works embodied in such sound recordings, then you must not Post such sound recordings to the Service unless you have all necessary rights, authorizations, and permissions with respect to such embedded musical works that grant you sufficient rights to grant the licenses to NEI under this Agreement. You represent and warrant that: (i) you own the User Content Posted by you on or through the Service or otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth in this Agreement; (ii) the Posting and Use of your User Content on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, intellectual property rights, or any other rights of any person; (iii) the Posting of your User Content on the Service will not require us to obtain any further licenses from or pay any royalties, fees, compensation or other amounts or provide any attribution to any third parties; and (iv) the Posting of your User Content on the Service does not result in a breach of contract between you and a third party. You agree to pay all monies owing to any person as a result of Posting your User Content on the Service. 
f. Specific Rules for Musical Works. If you are a composer or author of a musical work and are affiliated with a PRO, then you must notify your PRO of the royalty-free license you grant through this Agreement to us. You are solely responsible for ensuring your compliance with the relevant PRO’s reporting obligations. If you have assigned your rights to a music publisher, then you must obtain the consent of such music publisher to grant the royalty-free license(s) set forth in this Agreement or have such music publisher enter into this Agreement with us. Just because you authored a musical work (e.g., wrote a song) does not mean you have the right to grant us the licenses in this Agreement. 
g. Through-To-The-Audience Rights. All of the rights you grant in this Agreement are provided on a through-to-the-audience basis, meaning the owners or operators of External Sites will not have any separate liability to you or any other third party for User Content Posted or Used on such External Sites via the Service.
h. Waiver of Rights to User Content. By Posting User Content to or through the Service, you waive any rights to prior inspection or approval of any marketing or promotional materials related to such User Content. You also waive any and all rights of privacy, publicity, or any other rights of a similar nature in connection with your User Content, or any portion thereof. To the extent any moral rights are not transferable or assignable, you hereby waive and agree never to assert any and all moral rights, or to support, maintain or permit any action based on any moral rights that you may have in or with respect to any User Content you Post to or through the Service. 
i. Objectionable Content. You agree not to Post any User Content to the Service that is or could be interpreted to be infringing, defamatory, libelous, inaccurate, unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, vulgar, offensive, obscene, pornographic, objectionable, hateful, or promoting discrimination, bigotry, racism, or hatred, as NEI may determine in its sole discretion (collectively, “Objectionable Content”). You also agree not to use the Service for illegal or unlawful purposes, including, without limitation, to stalk any other user. If you encounter any Objectionable Content on the Service, then please email NEI at contact@neoglyphic.com or inform us through the functionality offered on the Service. You acknowledge and agree that NEI provides you the right to report Objectionable Content as a courtesy, and NEI has no obligation to remove or take any other action with respect to any Objectionable Content on the Service that you report to us.
j. No Liability. For the avoidance of doubt, NEI will not be liable for any unauthorized use of User Content by any other user or third party. 
7. Restrictions on Use of the Service.
a. In using the Service, you agree not to:  
i. take any action that imposes an unreasonable load on the Service’s infrastructure; 
ii. use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Service, or any activity conducted on the Service; 
iii. attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or making up the Service; 
iv. delete or alter any material posted on the Service by NEI or any other person or entity; 
v. frame or link to any of the materials or information available on the Service.
vi. alter, deface, mutilate, or otherwise bypass any approved software through which the Service is made available; 
vii. use any trademarks, service marks, design marks, logos, photographs, or other content belonging to NEI or obtained from the Service except as permitted by this Agreement;
viii. access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Service, NEI’s (and its hosting company’s) computer systems and infrastructure, or the technical delivery systems of NEI’s providers; 
ix. harass, abuse, harm, or advocate or incite harassment, abuse, or harm of another person or group, including NEI employees; 
x. provide any false personal information to NEI; 
xi. create a false identity or impersonate another person or entity in any way; 
xii. create a new account with NEI, without NEI’s express written consent, if NEI has previously disabled an account of yours; 
xiii. solicit, or attempt to solicit, personal information from other users of the Service; 
xiv. restrict, discourage, or inhibit any person from using the Service, disclose personal information about a third person on the Service or obtained from the Service without the consent of that person, or collect information about users of the Service; 
xv. use the Service to send emails or other communications to persons who have requested that you not send them communications; 
xvi. use the Service, without NEI’s express written consent, for any commercial or unauthorized purpose, including communicating or facilitating any commercial advertisement or solicitation or spamming; 
xvii. gain unauthorized access to the Service, to other users’ accounts, names, or personally identifiable information, or to other computers or websites connected or linked to the Service; 
xviii. Post any virus, worm, spyware, or any other computer code, file, or program that may or is intended to disable, overburden, impair, damage, or hijack the operation of any hardware, software, or telecommunications equipment, or any other aspect of the Service or communications equipment and computers connected to the Service; 
xix. interfere with or disrupt the Service, networks, or servers connected to the Service or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of those networks or servers; 
xx. violate any applicable federal, state, or local laws or regulations or the terms of this Agreement; or 
xxi. assist or permit any persons in engaging in any of the activities described above. 
8. External Sites. The NEI Service may contain links to or the ability to share information with third party websites (“External Sites”). NEI does not endorse the content on such External Sites. The content of such External Sites is developed and provided by others. You should contact the site administrator or Webmaster for those External Sites if you have any concerns regarding such content located on such External Sites. NEI is not responsible for the content of any External Sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of any materials on such External Sites. You should take precautions when downloading files from all websites to protect your computer from viruses and other destructive programs. If you decide to access any External Sites, you do so at your own risk. 
9. Feedback. While our own staff is continually working to develop and evaluate our own product ideas and features, we pride ourselves on paying close attention to the interests, feedback, comments, and suggestions we receive from the user community. If you choose to contribute by sending NEI or our employees any ideas for products, services, features, modifications, enhancements, content, refinements, technologies, content offerings (such as audio, visual, games, or other types of content), promotions, strategies, or product/feature names, or any related documentation, artwork, computer code, diagrams, or other materials (collectively “Feedback”), then regardless of what your accompanying communication may say, the following terms will apply, so that future misunderstandings can be avoided. Accordingly, by sending Feedback to NEI, you agree that:  
a. NEI has no obligation to review, consider, or implement your Feedback, or to return to you all or part of any Feedback for any reason;
b. Feedback is provided on a non-confidential basis, and NEI is not under any obligation to keep any Feedback you send confidential or to refrain from using or disclosing it in any way; and
c. You irrevocably grant NEI perpetual and unlimited permission to reproduce, distribute, create derivative works of, modify, publicly perform (including on a through-to-the-audience basis), communicate to the public, make available, publicly display, and otherwise use and exploit the Feedback and derivatives thereof for any purpose and without restriction, free of charge and without attribution of any kind, including by making, using, selling, offering for sale, importing, and promoting commercial products and services that incorporate or embody Feedback, whether in whole or in part, and whether as provided or as modified.
10. Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright or Other Intellectual Property Infringements. 
a. Respect of Third Party Rights. NEI respects the intellectual property of others and takes the protection of intellectual property very seriously, and we ask our users to do the same. Infringing activity will not be tolerated on or through the Service. 
b. Repeat Infringer Policy. NEI’s intellectual property policy is to (i) remove or disable access to material that NEI believes in good faith, upon notice from an intellectual property owner or his or her agent, is infringing the intellectual property of a third party by being made available through the Service, and (ii) remove any User Content uploaded to the Service by “repeat infringers.”  NEI considers a “repeat infringer” to be any user that has uploaded User Content or Feedback to or through the Service and for whom NEI has received more than two takedown notices compliant with the provisions of 17 U.S.C. § 512 with respect to such User Content or Feedback. NEI has discretion, however, to terminate the Account of any user after receipt of a single notification of claimed infringement or upon NEI’s own determination. 
c. Procedure for Reporting Claimed Infringement. If you believe that any content made available on or through the Service has been used or exploited in a manner that infringes an intellectual property right you own or control, then please promptly send a “Notification of Claimed Infringement” containing the following information to the Designated Agent identified below. Your Notification of Claimed Infringement may be shared by NEI with the user alleged to have infringed a right you own or control, and you hereby consent to NEI making such disclosure. Your communication must include substantially the following:  
i. A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the work(s) that has/have been allegedly infringed; 
ii. Identification of works or materials being infringed, or, if multiple works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works; 
iii. Identification of the specific material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit NEI to locate the material; 
iv. Information reasonably sufficient to permit NEI to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted; 
v. A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and 
vi. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. 
You should consult with your own lawyer and/or see 17 U.S.C. § 512 to confirm your obligations to provide a valid notice of claimed infringement. 
d. Designated Agent Contact Information. NEI’s designated agent for receipt of Notifications of Claimed Infringement (the “Designated Agent”) can be contacted at:
Via E-mail: contact@neoglyphic.com
Via U.S. Mail: Neoglyphic Entertainment, Inc.
307 Orchard City Drive, Suite 206
    Campbell, CA 95008
e. Counter Notification. If you receive a notification from NEI that material made available by you on or through the Service has been the subject of a Notification of Claimed Infringement, then you will have the right to provide NEI with what is called a “Counter Notification.”  To be effective, a Counter Notification must be in writing, provided to NEI’s Designated Agent through one of the methods identified in Section 10.d and include substantially the following information:
i. A physical or electronic signature of the subscriber; 
ii. Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
iii. A statement under penalty of perjury that the subscriber has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; 
iv. The subscriber’s name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that the subscriber consents to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if the subscriber’s address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which NEI may be found, and that the subscriber will accept service of process from the person who provided notification under Section 10.c above or an agent of such person; and
v. A party submitting a Counter Notification should consult a lawyer or see 17 U.S.C. § 512 to confirm the party’s obligations to provide a valid counter notification under the Copyright Act. 
f. Reposting of Content Subject to a Counter Notification. If you submit a Counter Notification to NEI in response to a Notification of Claimed Infringement, NEI will promptly provide the person who provided the Notification of Claimed Infringement with a copy of your Counter Notification and inform that person that NEI will replace the removed User Content or Feedback or cease disabling access to it in 10 business days, and NEI will replace the removed User Content or Feedback and cease disabling access to it not less than 10, nor more than 14, business days following receipt of the Counter Notification, unless NEI’s Designated Agent receives notice from the party that submitted the Notification of Claimed Infringement that such person has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain the user from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on NEI’s system or network.
g. False Notifications of Claimed Infringement or Counter Notifications. The Copyright Act provides that: 
[a]ny person who knowingly materially misrepresents under [Section 512 of the Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512)] (1) that material or activity is infringing, or (2) that material or activity was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification, will be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred by the alleged infringer, by any copyright owner or copyright owner’s authorized licensee, or by a service provider, who is injured by such misrepresentation, as the result of [NEI] relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing, or in replacing the removed material or ceasing to disable access to it. 
17 U.S.C. § 512(f). 
NEI reserves the right to seek damages from any party that submits a Notification of Claimed Infringement or Counter Notification in violation of the law. 
11. Dispute Resolution.
a. Mandatory Arbitration. Please read this carefully. It affects your rights. NEI (AND ITS RESPECTIVE CORPORATE PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, PREDECESSORS IN INTEREST, SUCCESSORS, PERMITTED ASSIGNS), YOU AND ANY OTHER PARTIES ON WHOSE BEHALF YOU ARE ACCESSING THE SERVICE AGREE TO ARBITRATION (EXCEPT FOR MATTERS THAT MAY BE TAKEN TO SMALL CLAIMS COURT), AS THE EXCLUSIVE FORM OF DISPUTE RESOLUTION EXCEPT AS PROVIDED FOR BELOW, FOR ALL DISPUTES AND CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR THE SERVICE. Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts. Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. Please visit www.adr.org for more information about arbitration.
i. Commencing Arbitration. A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by an international courier with a tracking mechanism, a written notice of intent to arbitrate (a “Notice”), or, in the absence of a mailing address provided by you to NEI, to you via any other method available to NEI, including via e-mail. The Notice to NEI should be addressed to Neoglyphic Entertainment, Inc., 2239 Old Middlefield Way, Unit H, Mountain View, CA94043, Attn: Chief Executive Officer (the “Arbitration Notice Address”). The Notice must (i) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (ii) set forth the specific relief sought (the “Demand”). If you and NEI do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within thirty (30) days after the Notice is received, you or NEI may commence an arbitration proceeding as set forth below or file a claim in small claims court. THE ARBITRATION WILL BE ADMINISTERED BY THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION (“AAA”) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMMERCIAL ARBITRATION RULES AND THE SUPPLEMENTARY PROCEDURES FOR CONSUMER RELATED DISPUTES (THE “Rules”), AS MODIFIED BY THIS AGREEMENT. The Rules and AAA forms are available online at http://www.adr.org. If you are required to pay a filing fee to commence an arbitration against NEI, then NEI will promptly reimburse you for your confirmed payment of the filing fee upon NEI’s receipt of Notice at the Arbitration Notice Address that you have commenced arbitration along with a receipt evidencing payment of the filing fee, unless your Demand is equal to or greater than $1,000 or was filed in bad faith, in which case you are solely responsible for the payment of the filing fee.
ii. Arbitration Proceeding. The arbitration will be conducted in the English language. A single independent and impartial arbitrator with his or her primary place of business in Santa Clara County, California will be appointed pursuant to the Rules, as modified herein. You and NEI agree to comply with the following rules, which are intended to streamline the dispute resolution process and reduce the costs and burdens on the parties: (i) arbitration will only be conducted if the damages sought exceed $75,000; (ii) the arbitration will be conducted online and/or be solely based on written submissions, the specific manner to be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration; (iii) the arbitration will not require any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing by the parties; and (iv) any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. 
iii. No Class Actions. YOU AND NEI AGREE THAT YOU AND NEI MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. FURTHER, YOU AGREE THAT THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE PROCEEDINGS OF MORE THAN ONE PERSON’S CLAIMS, AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS PROCEEDING, AND THAT IF THIS SPECIFIC PROVISO IS FOUND TO BE UNENFORCEABLE, THEN THE ENTIRETY OF THIS MANDATORY ARBITRATION SECTION WILL BE NULL AND VOID. 
iv. Decision of the Arbitrator. Barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrator will issue his or her decision within 120 days from the date the arbitrator is appointed. The arbitrator may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. All arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential, and all records relating thereto will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. The award of the arbitrator will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. The arbitrator will apply the laws of the State of California in conducting the arbitration. You acknowledge that these terms and your use of the Service evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce. The United States Federal Arbitration Act will govern the interpretation, enforcement, and proceedings pursuant to the Mandatory Arbitration clause in this Agreement. 
b. Equitable Relief. The foregoing provisions of this Dispute Resolution section do not apply to any claim in which either party seeks equitable relief to protect such party’s copyrights, trademarks, or patents. You acknowledge that, in the event of a breach of this Agreement by NEI or any third party, the damage or harm, if any, caused to you will not entitle you to seek injunctive or other equitable relief against NEI, and your only remedy will be for monetary damages, subject to the limitations of liability set forth in this Agreement. 
c. Claims. You and NEI agree that, notwithstanding any other rights the party may have under law or equity, any cause of action arising out of or related to this Agreement or the Service, excluding a claim for indemnification, must commence within one year after the cause of action accrues. Otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred. 
d. Improperly Filed Claims. All claims you bring against NEI must be resolved in accordance with this Dispute Resolution section. All claims filed or brought contrary to this Dispute Resolution section will be considered improperly filed. Should you file a claim contrary to this Dispute Resolution section, NEI may recover attorneys’ fees and costs up to $5,000, provided that NEI has notified you in writing of the improperly filed claim, and you have failed to promptly withdraw the claim.
e. Modifications. In the event that NEI makes any future change to the Mandatory Arbitration provision (other than a change to NEI’s Arbitration Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within thirty (30) days of the change to NEI’s Arbitration Notice Address, in which case your account with NEI and your license to use the Service will terminate immediately, and this Dispute Resolution provision, as in effect immediately prior to the amendments you reject, will survive the termination of this Agreement. 
f. Enforceability. If only Section 11.a.iii or the entirety of this Section 11 is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Section 11 will be null and void and, in such case, the parties agree that the exclusive jurisdiction and venue described in Section 17 will govern any action arising out of or related to this Agreement.
12. Limitation of Liability and Disclaimer of Warranties. 
a. NEI, ITS AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS (COLLECTIVELY, THE “NEI PARTIES”) MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SERVICE AND ANY CONTENT THEREON AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED, TO THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS OR RELIABILITY THEREOF. THE NEI PARTIES WILL NOT BE SUBJECT TO LIABILITY FOR THE TRUTH, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICE, OR FOR ERRORS, MISTAKES OR OMISSIONS THEREIN. AS A USER, YOU AGREE THAT YOU USE THE SERVICE AND ANY CONTENT THEREON AT YOUR SOLE RISK. 
b. THE NEI PARTIES DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE WILL OPERATE ERROR FREE, OR THAT THE SERVICE AND ANY CONTENT THEREON ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR SIMILAR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES. IF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE OR ANY CONTENT THEREON RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA, NO NEI PARTY WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS. 
c. THE SERVICE AND ALL CONTENT THEREON ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. THE NEI PARTIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
d. IN NO EVENT WILL ANY NEI PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION RESULTING FROM, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF SUCH NEI PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NEI’S LIABILITY, AND THE LIABILITY OF ANY OTHER NEI PARTIES, TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTIES IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCE IS LIMITED TO $100. 
e. Some states do not allow exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. IN SUCH STATES, THE LIABILITY OF THE NEI PARTIES WILL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. 
13. Third Party Disputes. ANY DISPUTE YOU HAVE WITH ANY THIRD PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY OTHER USER OF THE SERVICE, IS DIRECTLY BETWEEN YOU AND SUCH THIRD PARTY, AND YOU IRREVOCABLY RELEASE THE NEI PARTIES FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS AND DAMAGES (ACTUAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL) OF EVERY KIND AND NATURE, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SUCH DISPUTES. 
14. Indemnification. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the NEI Parties from and against any claims, actions or demands, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising or resulting from your breach of this Agreement or your access to, use or misuse of the NEI Content or Service. NEI will provide notice to you of any such claim, suit, or proceeding. NEI reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter which is subject to indemnification under this section. In such case, you agree to cooperate with any reasonable requests assisting NEI’s defense of such matter. 
15. Termination of the Agreement. 
a. NEI reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to restrict, suspend, or terminate this Agreement and your access to all or any part of the Service at any time and for any reason without prior notice or liability. NEI reserves the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any part of the Service at any time without prior notice or liability. 
b. Sections 1 (a), 1(b), 1(d) and 4-18 survive the termination of this Agreement indefinitely. 
16. Consent to Electronic Communications. By using the Service, you consent to receiving certain electronic communications from us as further described in the Privacy Policy. Please read the Privacy Policy to learn more about your choices regarding our electronic communications practices. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing. 
17. Miscellaneous. This Agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of California without respect to its conflict of laws provisions. You expressly agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in Santa Clara County in the State of California. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and NEI as a result of this Agreement or use of the Service. You further acknowledge that by submitting User Content, no confidential, fiduciary, contractually implied or other relationship is created between you and NEI other than pursuant to this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect. Failure of NEI to act on or enforce any provision of this Agreement will not be construed as a waiver of that provision or any other provision in this Agreement. No waiver will be effective against NEI unless made in writing, and no such waiver will be construed as a waiver in any other or subsequent instance. Except as expressly agreed by NEI and you, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and NEI with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all previous or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter herein. The section headings are provided merely for convenience and will not be given any legal import. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of our successors and assigns. You may not assign this Agreement or any of the rights or licenses granted hereunder, directly or indirectly, including by sale, merger, change of control, operation of law or otherwise, without the prior express written consent of NEI. NEI may assign this Agreement, including all its rights hereunder, without restriction. 
18. Contact Us. If you would like to contact us in connection with your use of the Service, then please refer to the contact information below:
Neoglyphic Entertainment, Inc.307 Orchard City Drive, Suite 206Campbell, CA 95008
contact@neoglyphic.com
NOTICE REGARDING APPLE. You acknowledge that this Agreement is between you and NEI only, not with Apple, and Apple is not responsible for the Apps or the content thereof. Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Apps. In the event of any failure of the Apps to conform to any applicable warranty, then you may notify Apple and Apple will refund the purchase price for the relevant Apps to you; and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple has no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Apps. Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the Apps or your possession and/or use of the Apps, including, but not limited to:  (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Apps fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any third party claim that the Apps or your possession and use of the Apps infringe that third party’s intellectual property rights. You agree to comply with any applicable third party terms, when using the Apps. Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement, and upon your acceptance of this Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against you as a third party beneficiary of this Agreement. You hereby represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. If NEI provides a translation of the English language version of this Agreement, the translation is provided solely for convenience, and the English version will prevail.



















NEOFUR — NEOGLYPHIC ENTERTAINMENT








































NEOFUR





THE NEOGLYPHIC TEAM HAS MOVED ON TO A NEW, EXCITING ADVENTURE!




Existing NeoFur customers should have received an email at your registered email address. If you didn’t receive this email, please contact us at neofur@neogyphic.com.







FAQ
What is going to happen to NeoFur?
We are currently working through a transition plan, over the coming weeks/months we will gain more clarity—we will try to do this as quickly as possible and will communicate the long term plan here on our website, as well on our social handles.
Is my existing NeoFur license still valid?
Yes. All Personal, Indie and Pro licenses are still valid. Enterprise customers should reach out to neofur@neoglyphic.com to confirm based on your individual license.
Will you be working on new features and updates to NeoFur?
We are currently working through a transition plan, over the coming weeks/months we will gain more clarity. During that time, we will not be actively working on new features, however, we will aim to remain compatible with new engine versions during this time.
Is NeoFur still available?
We are currently working through a transition plan, over the coming weeks/months we will gain more clarity. During that time, new NeoFur licenses will not be available.
Will you be available for technical/customer support?
We will be monitoring both our support site and the neofur@neogyphic.com inbox during the transition period.
I found a bug, where should I report it?
Our support site is still the best place to go for bug reports, technical documentation or other inquiries that do not need to be private.
I have a Personal license, but need to upgrade to a commercial license so I can ship my game, what should I do?
Please email us at neofur@neogyphic.com.






















NEOFUR — NEOGLYPHIC ENTERTAINMENT








































NEOFUR





THE NEOGLYPHIC TEAM HAS MOVED ON TO A NEW, EXCITING ADVENTURE!




Existing NeoFur customers should have received an email at your registered email address. If you didn’t receive this email, please contact us at neofur@neogyphic.com.







FAQ
What is going to happen to NeoFur?
We are currently working through a transition plan, over the coming weeks/months we will gain more clarity—we will try to do this as quickly as possible and will communicate the long term plan here on our website, as well on our social handles.
Is my existing NeoFur license still valid?
Yes. All Personal, Indie and Pro licenses are still valid. Enterprise customers should reach out to neofur@neoglyphic.com to confirm based on your individual license.
Will you be working on new features and updates to NeoFur?
We are currently working through a transition plan, over the coming weeks/months we will gain more clarity. During that time, we will not be actively working on new features, however, we will aim to remain compatible with new engine versions during this time.
Is NeoFur still available?
We are currently working through a transition plan, over the coming weeks/months we will gain more clarity. During that time, new NeoFur licenses will not be available.
Will you be available for technical/customer support?
We will be monitoring both our support site and the neofur@neogyphic.com inbox during the transition period.
I found a bug, where should I report it?
Our support site is still the best place to go for bug reports, technical documentation or other inquiries that do not need to be private.
I have a Personal license, but need to upgrade to a commercial license so I can ship my game, what should I do?
Please email us at neofur@neogyphic.com.





















Neoglyphic Entertainment, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 4:41 AM ET
Software

Company Overview of Neoglyphic Entertainment, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Neoglyphic Entertainment, Inc. operates as a transmedia studio that tells epic stories over multiple mediums worldwide. It offers novel, game, and animated media products; and NeoFur, a plugin that helps developers create short fur, fibers, and other soft fuzzy surfaces for their characters and environments. The company was incorporated in 2014 and is based in Campbell, California.


307 Orchard City DriveSuite 206Campbell, CA 95008United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 800-755-8975

www.neoglyphic.com







Key Executives for Neoglyphic Entertainment, Inc.


Neoglyphic Entertainment, Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Neoglyphic Entertainment, Inc. Key Developments

Neoglyphic Entertainment Launches NeoFur for Unity
Dec 1 16
Neoglyphic Entertainment announced the release of its 3D graphics technology NeoFur for the Unity game development platform. Previously available only on Unreal Engine 4 and in closed beta for Unity, NeoFur is an easy-to-use, in-editor tool that simplifies the creative process for developers. The tool allows authoring of high quality, fully dynamic fur in real-time. NeoFur enables developers to tackle the creation of often challenging furry and fibrous characters, objects, and soft textures at an authenticity level that has never been achieved in a real-time engine. NeoFur leverages shell-rendering techniques, creating a beautiful illusion of millions of strands of fur. Patent-pending advances have allowed the use of compute shaders and other advanced shading strategies.  The result is fast simulation, realistic physics, and unique level-of-detail systems designed to combat fill-rate, ultimately allowing NeoFur to be authored for Mac, PC and mobile games, VR platforms such as Oculus and HTC Vive, and gaming consoles including Xbox One and PlayStation. NeoFur for Unity's features and performance capabilities include: support for Unity 5.3.5, support for advanced physics and forces, cross platform: PC, Mac, Mobile, VR, & Consoles, demo project with over 30 example materials and assets, one stylized, rigged & animated Sabertooth Tiger asset self-shadowing, physically-based shading support via Unity's Standard Shader, support for morph targets and splines for hair growth and flexible settings to tune for quality and performance. NeoFur's licensing options are aimed at providing access to the technology for individuals, indie studios and AAA studios.


Neoglyphic Entertainment, Inc. Unveils NeoFur 2.0 for Unreal Engine 4
Sep 22 16
Neoglyphic Entertainment, Inc. announced that it has released comprehensive feature updates to its award-winning, cross-platform, real-time fur and fiber technology, NeoFur. Now available, NeoFur 2.0 for Unreal Engine 4 enables developers to better tackle the creation of challenging fuzzy and fibrous characters, objects and surfaces such as furred creatures, carpets, blankets, mosses and other natural landscapes. NeoFur is an easy-to-use, in-editor tool focused on giving developers outstanding performance and a fidelity level never before possible in a real-time engine. The company will provide NeoFur 2.0 as a free upgrade for all existing licensees. NeoFur 2.0's new features and performance improvements include: Global Features: Tutorial videos and over 30 included materials; Motion blur now fully supported; Significantly faster CPU simulation for Mobile, HTML5 and other CPU-only platforms; Support for Nurbs curves via FBX (works w/Maya hair systems); Support for Unreal Engine 4.13; Support for Mac OSX Sierra; Shader features; 4.11 Hair Shading model fully utilized; Per-strand features: size, length, coloring, roughness, scattering; Simulated Undercoat and Overcoat systems; Experimental features: Variable hair clumping via vector maps; Variable hair curling via UV offsets. NeoFur 2.0 creates a beautiful illusion of millions of strands of fur, now with realistic anisotropic reflections, light scattering and shadowing. Neoglyphic's advances have allowed the use of compute shaders and other advanced shading strategies to take that technique to the next level, bringing fast simulation, realistic physics, and unique Level-Of-Detail systems designed to combat fill-rate.


Neoglyphic Entertainment Expands Visionary Sunborn Rising Fantasy Series with New Mobile Game, Endless Rush
Aug 18 16
Neoglyphic Entertainment announced the availability of Endless Rush, a visually stunning endless runner mobile game. The new mobile game brings to life the story of the company's debut fantasy novel and immersive reading app, Sunborn Rising: Beneath the Fall. In the first cross-medium implementation of its kind, players earn digital currency in the Endless Rush game that unlock deeper story elements in the Sunborn Rising immersive reading app and vice versa. By leveraging its proprietary platform technology to build a better form of storytelling, the Sunborn Rising franchise, including Endless Rush, delivers engaging entertainment experiences across multiple mediums for deeper audience involvement in an incredible story. Now available in the Apple App Store, Endless Rush places fans of the franchise returning and new into the 3D world of Cerulean as imagined by Sunborn Rising's author, Aaron Safronoff, and its acclaimed artist and chief creative officer, Christopher Chamberlain. The game tasks players with collecting power ups and nectar all while zooming through lush canopies and botanical obstacles as an adorable, furry, six-winged dynamo creature from the book. The true magic of the franchise is in the connectivity between the Endless Rush mobile game and the Sunborn Rising immersive reading app. By allowing readers, and players, to simultaneous engage with both formats including quick-paced action in Cerulean's forest, art and original music they can immerse themselves in Barra's world in the most complete way. First Cross Platform Integration for Reader Story Development; As players progress through Endless Rush, digital currency is earned and can be used to unlock the full experience of the immersive novel. Additional currency can be earned by finding hidden items while reading Sunborn Rising: Beneath the Fall, or downloading it through the mobile game and vice versa. The Sunborn Rising: Beneath the Fall novel, immersive reading app and Endless Rush were created using Neoglyphic's advanced data-science publishing platform, which helps publishers find great stories, match them to appropriate market segments and enable complimentary entertainment experiences to be built for all audiences and demographics, including reading apps, games, virtual reality and more. Beginning August 20, 2016, Neoglyphic celebrates the game and immersive novel release by offering a site-wide 50-75% off promotional sale on all Sunborn Rising experiences and merchandise. The Sunborn Rising promotion ends August 24, 2016.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 'LightArrow Inc. United States @RISK, Inc. United States @YourGate LLC United States 100Insights, Inc. United States 101 Edu, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      December 13, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Neoglyphic Entertainment, Inc., please visit www.neoglyphic.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


































Neoglyphic General / Neoglyphic Entertainment Inc.














 Neoglyphic Entertainment Inc.




 Forums 





NeoFur for Unreal
32







NeoFur for Unity
43







Neoglyphic General
3






 Knowledge bases 





NeoFur for Unreal - Knowledge base
33







NeoFur for Unity - Knowledge base
22










Sign in / Sign up









Sign in / Sign up










Welcome to Neoglyphic Support.  This site is primary for support of NeoFur and other Neoglyphic technologies.











 Add a new one








                       No similar topics found.
                  




0 similar topics found. Vote for it.














Unmarked topics
2


Active topics
1


Closed topics
0







NeoFur for Unreal Knowledge base










                  Installation
                  
                  
                  5














                  FAQs
                  
                  
                  3














                  Basic Usage
                  
                  
                  9














                  Advanced Usage
                  
                  
                  13














                  Building
                  
                  
                  2









 Video Tutorials










NeoFur for Unity Knowledge base










                  Installation
                  
                  
                  3














                  FAQs
                  
                  
                  3














                  Basic Usage
                  
                  
                  6














                  Advanced Usage
                  
                  
                  7














                  Building
                  
                  

                  








                  NeoFur 1.0 (Archive)
                  
                  
                  3













Customer support service by UserEcho


















Forums


32
NeoFur for Unreal

43
NeoFur for Unity

3
Neoglyphic General

Knowledge bases


33
NeoFur for Unreal - Knowledge base

22
NeoFur for Unity - Knowledge base







Facebook




Community stats


274
 People
    

171
 Topics
    

463
 Comments
    

157
 Votes
    


3Support agents













Our Tweets 














































NeoFur for Unreal Installation / NeoFur for Unreal - Knowledge ... Forum / Neoglyphic Entertainment Inc.















 Neoglyphic Entertainment Inc.




 Forums 





NeoFur for Unreal
32







NeoFur for Unity
43







Neoglyphic General
3






 Knowledge bases 





NeoFur for Unreal - Knowledge base
33







NeoFur for Unity - Knowledge base
22










Sign in / Sign up









Sign in / Sign up














NeoFur for Unreal - Knowledge base
Installation


Articles










NeoFur for Unreal Installation






Downloading
Once you've completed your purchase of NeoFur, you'll be sent to a download page where you can download your license file and you'll be given a choice of all versions that are valid for your license.
Download your license file
Choose the version of the NeoFur plugin which matches the version of the Unreal Engine that you're developing for.
NeoFur Plugin InstallationCopy the "Plugins" folder from your plugin zip, into the root of your project.YourProject/MyProject.uproject
YourProject/Plugins/Neoglyphic/NeoFur
License InstallationAs of version 2 (build 326), NeoFur requires your license key for Personal and Indie editions.  Copy the downloaded license file into the NeoFur Plugin folder:YourProject/Plugins/Neoglyphic/NeoFur/license.txt
When you first open your project with the NeoFur plugin installed, it will look for the license in this location.License Installation TroubleshootingIf you haven't put the license in the correct place, it will ask you for the location of the file.Browse to the path of the file and choose it.

Everything should be smooth sailing for here on.
	If you didn't create the license file correctly, you will see this message:
	

The NeoFur plugin will be enabled by default.  Additionally when opening your project the first time, our custom .usf shader files will be copied and placed in the proper relative directory. You may receive a dialog asking your approval for this step.

Post Install

Optional Actions
There is a very small amount of base content you can optionally use instead of the demo project. Copy from:
	
YourProject/Plugins/Neoglyphic/NeoFur/Content/NeoFur
    
To:
	
YourProject/Content/Neofur
    
This provides the master material template and a handful of other assets. The majority of the test assets can be found in our Demo project, downloaded separately from your download link.
	
Use the Quickstart Guide to get started and learn the basics!
	


Warning: Due to compiling, your first editor load may take SEVERAL MINUTES!
Your project has not crashed! Please allow it to compile!
	







This article was helpful for 10 people. Is this article helpful for you?
 Yes, helpful
 No, not for me


Why this article is not helpful?



Cancel
Save














    
    
        Replies 0





    Oldest first 

Newest first
Oldest first
















Customer support service by UserEcho


















Share










Article stats


10 months ago
 Created
                

8 months ago
 Updated
                

10
 Helpful
                

1,617
 Views
                
















































License FAQ / NeoFur for Unreal - Knowledge ... Forum / Neoglyphic Entertainment Inc.















 Neoglyphic Entertainment Inc.




 Forums 





NeoFur for Unreal
32







NeoFur for Unity
43







Neoglyphic General
3






 Knowledge bases 





NeoFur for Unreal - Knowledge base
33







NeoFur for Unity - Knowledge base
22










Sign in / Sign up









Sign in / Sign up














NeoFur for Unreal - Knowledge base
FAQs


Articles













License FAQ

Q: What's the difference between the licenses?A: Each license is valid only for a single project.The personal license is editable on Windows and OSX and can be used to author projects but not create packaged builds.The Indie license supports all platforms and is required for commercial projects.The Pro license is needed to support custom engine code.The Enterprise license is for project budgets over $150k USD, is a per seat subscription  and includes a host of other benefits over the Pro license.Q: How does NeoFur licensing work?A: NeoFur is licensed on a per-project basis. The license allows you to ship one “project” commercially.Q: What is a per-project license?A: Our per-project license means that your license supports a single "project", be it an app, game, cinematic, simulation, etc. So you would need a new license for each project.Q: What if I don't know what my project is yet?A: If you don't ship a project then you can transfer your NeoFur license onto a new project. For instance if you start using NeoFur on a project, but you shelve it without it actually shipping, then you could use the same NeoFur license on your next project. As a courtesy we would ask you to let us know the name of the new project so we can keep an eye out for where NeoFur appears in the wild.Q: Can I share my per-project license?A: Your per-project license is tied to your Licensee title. It cannot be transferred or shared with another project. Doing so breaches the terms of the agreement. The only exceptions are to provide copies of the plugin under your license to other members working on the licensed project as per the terms of the License agreement.Q: Can I use my license for another project?A: The license is tied to a specifically Licensed Licensee project, so it cannot be used to create new projects. Doing so breaches the terms of the License Agreement. If you require to use NeoFur in another project, you will need to purchase a new license for that project.Q: Can I use my license for all team members on my project?A: Licenses are project-based, they are not individual or “per-seat” licenses. So for team members on a single project, a single license is all that is needed for that project.Q: What platforms are included in the license?The Personal license supportsEditing: Win64, MacOS.Building: noneThe Indie license supportsEditing: Win64, MacOSBuilding: Win64/Win32, MacOS, iOS, Android, HTML5The Pro license supports Win64/Win32, OSX, iOS, Android, HTML5, and any other platform Unreal Engine supports.Q: If I buy a Personal or Indie license now, can I upgrade it later if I need to?A: Yes, just contact us at neofur at neoglyphic dot com and we'll get you squared away.Q: Does Neoglyphic take royalties for NeoFur?A: No.Q: Do you have an educational license/discount?A: Not yet. We've received a number of requests for educational licenses that can build a package, something reserved for our Indie and Pro licenses. We're currently investigating how to offer a time limited license for students to build packages for school projects but not for distribution. 






This article was helpful for 3 people. Is this article helpful for you?
 Yes, helpful
 No, not for me


Why this article is not helpful?



Cancel
Save














    
    
        Replies 0





    Oldest first 

Newest first
Oldest first



 Show more













Customer support service by UserEcho


















Share










Article stats


9 months ago
 Created
                

3 months ago
 Updated
                

3
 Helpful
                

505
 Views
                
















































Compiling from source / NeoFur for Unreal - Knowledge ... Forum / Neoglyphic Entertainment Inc.















 Neoglyphic Entertainment Inc.




 Forums 





NeoFur for Unreal
32







NeoFur for Unity
43







Neoglyphic General
3






 Knowledge bases 





NeoFur for Unreal - Knowledge base
33







NeoFur for Unity - Knowledge base
22










Sign in / Sign up









Sign in / Sign up














NeoFur for Unreal - Knowledge base
Building


Articles













Compiling from source

Compiling from sourceNeoFur Pro installation
Install Visual Studio 2015 from Microsoft.
Inside Visual Studio, install the C++ module.
Make sure you've downloaded and installed the "Autodesk FBX SDK 2016".
Open/Create your new Unreal Engine project.
Add a new empty C++ Class to your project and let Visual Studio compile it.


Save and close your project
Copy the "Plugins" folder from your Pro plugin zip, into the root of your project.
YourProject/MyProject.uproject
YourProject/Plugins/Neoglyphic/NeoFur

Re-open your project.
You'll get a pop-up saying that you need to compile the plugin. Say yes.

You'll get a notice that the Computer Shader and then Vertex Factory are either not present or the wrong version asking if you'd like to install them. Say yes.

The Unreal Editor will now start and will compile the shaders.


You're now all set to use NeoFur Pro.
Common IssuesQ: Why can't I get FBX support to work? Which FBX lib do I need?A: You can't use the engine's built-in FBX lib, you need to download it from autodesk and it needs to match the version of Visual Studio you are using! This link changes often, but a search for "Autodesk FBX SDK 2016" and looking for a VS2015 version should help.
Q: I'm having trouble compiling with FBX, but I don't need it, what can I do?A: You can disable FBX support in the build.cs file (set bBuildWithFbxSupport = false)







This article was helpful for 2 people. Is this article helpful for you?
 Yes, helpful
 No, not for me


Why this article is not helpful?



Cancel
Save














    
    
        Replies 0





    Oldest first 

Newest first
Oldest first
















Customer support service by UserEcho


















Share










Article stats


9 months ago
 Created
                

8 months ago
 Updated
                

2
 Helpful
                

865
 Views
                
















































NeoFur for Unreal / Neoglyphic Entertainment Inc.














 Neoglyphic Entertainment Inc.




 Forums 





NeoFur for Unreal
32







NeoFur for Unity
43







Neoglyphic General
3






 Knowledge bases 





NeoFur for Unreal - Knowledge base
33







NeoFur for Unity - Knowledge base
22










Sign in / Sign up









Sign in / Sign up










Enter the forum description here ...











 Add a new one








                       No similar topics found.
                  




0 similar topics found. Vote for it.















Forum: NeoFur for Unreal









Type 0 


All32
Ideas1
Questions22
Bugs7
Tips1
Praises
Updates1





Status 0 





  ×



 Top rated 


Top rated
Last updated
Newest
Most commented

More upvotes
More downvotes
Most popular





    
		No topics
    









0


Under review







Bug: NeoFur Asset Growth Mesh/Morph Target reseting


Tyler 6 months ago


        
            
        
        •
        
             updated 5 months ago • 
        

        
 2


I'm using my morph target in my growth mesh to drive fur firection. The problem is that sometimes the fur resets for no apparent reason and I have to simply reassign the skeletal growth mesh to the fur asset by dragging and dropping and it corrects itself. The fur assets is already reading this skeletal mesh with the proper naming of the morph target, so it's strange that it has to randomly be reassigned... Is this a known bug? 






Vote
 0
 0
Undo
 Follow










0


Under review







UE4 - Fur on Characters


Smudgy67 6 months ago


        
            
        
        •
        
             updated by Ballsproblem 5 months ago • 
        

        
 2


Hey there,I have 12 characters that I would like to have different fur on. So I 'd like to get the first one right.I followed your tutorial about the fur on the bear (most impressive, thank you). The results I got were not so great though. It ended with two characters, the original placed one and the shell one, who was positioned above the original character and at right angles to. Why two characters?I'd like to be able to control these characters (thirdPersonMesh) also,Could you help, please?






Vote
 0
 0
Undo
 Follow










0


Answered







neofur asset isn't render on android (VR)


florent raoul 6 months ago


        
            
        
        •
        
             updated 6 months ago • 
        

        
 3


Hello everybody !I make some tests UE4 and cardboard VR on a cheap android device.I manage to do somethings but when I try to put a neofur asset in my scene, there's nothing...In editor, everything is OK.I have to package my "game" (it's not a game yet at all ^^) for android ETC1. I try to use the mobile material on other asset and I can see it. It's the neofur asset that is not anymore in my scene.Have you any advice ?






Vote

 0
 0
Undo

 Follow








            Answer
        

Carlos Montero
 6 months ago

Have you tried disabling compute shaders by forcing CPU mode? This is the most likely culprit.  You'll find it under the debug menu in your fur component.








0


Answered







Morph target from 3ds Max


gbernal 6 months ago


        
            
        
        •
        
             updated by peet808 (Product Manager) 6 months ago • 
        

        
 5


I’m currently trying to integrate fur growth to my character only in certain areas. Similar to what your tutorial in the video attached demonstrates. However, I can’t really follow how the rigged mesh at  7:44 in the video is created. If I try to delete mesh triangles , in order to only have a morph target mesh. The skeleton and the mesh are no longer linked. I would be very helpful if you could walk us through those steps, I’m sure am I’m not the only can benefit from this. Thank you and I hope you can provide some insight.G






Vote

 0
 0
Undo

 Follow








            Answer
        

peet808 (Product Manager)
 6 months ago

Hey there!
The easiest way to create a modified growth mesh is to make a duplicate of your skinned mesh in 3ds Max. You can modify this duplicated mesh through an Edit Poly/Mesh modifier, which should retain any skin/rig bindings. My guess is that the way in which you're modifying the mesh is causing the skin/rig binding to be lost, which will cause the skeleton and mesh to no longer be 'linked', as you describe. 
As an example for you, I set up this simple skinned sphere as a base mesh. The mesh and modifier stack look like this:

To create the growth mesh, I duplicated the skinned sphere object. Using an Edit Poly modifier, I deleted the middle portion of the sphere. I created my morph targets by using a copy of this modified growth mesh, and then set up the Morpher modifier. I'm making sure that any modifiers I add are beneath the Skin modifier in the stack. After doing all of that, the mesh and modifier stack now looks like this:Once I set the appropriate growth mesh and morph target name in the NeoFurAsset, my object appears as expected - fur growth only occurs in the area defined by the growth mesh, and the movement of the growth mesh (and fur) matches the movement of the animated base mesh:I hope this example is useful - please let me know if I misunderstood the issue you're experiencing or if you're continuing to have problems, so we can assist you further!-Spencer









0


Started







Neofur 4.13 OSX Animals 1 sample content crashes UE4


EVL Media 7 months ago


        
            
        
        •
        
             updated by peet808 (Product Manager) 6 months ago • 
        

        
 13


Not sure what else to say. UE 4.13.2 on OSX, the latest plugin Neofur Indie 383, trying to load and preview the Neofur Animals 1 content package I just bought and it all crashes. Can't even load the maps on their own to attempt a rebuild of the lighting or shader recompile, engine simply crashes.






Vote
 0
 0
Undo
 Follow










0


Answered







how to import purchased material pack into existing project?


gbernal 7 months ago


        
            
        
        •
        
             updated 7 months ago • 
        

        
 2


As the title says, I have purchased  the scifi material pack but I don't see a documentation as to how to import those material into an existing project.






Vote

 0
 0
Undo

 Follow








            Answer
        

peet808 (Product Manager)
 7 months ago

We were in the process of writing the article in it and you were a little too fast for us.  Here's the article, please let us know if it helps:http://support.neoglyphic.com/topics/106-using-material-packs-for-unreal/








0


Answered







Shadow issue, hairs too bright


Swinny 7 months ago


        
            
        
        •
        
             updated by Carlos Montero 6 months ago • 
        

        
 4


Hello,There seems to be an issue where the fur shader, no matter what i do or how many things i turn off - always seem to have some kind of brightness. this results in poor results as the fur sticks out on the character when in shadow. thoughts?






Vote

 0
 0
Undo

 Follow








            Answer
        

Carlos Montero
 6 months ago

Hi there! Apologies for the delayed reply - but this one is a bit perplexingAny way we could see a screenshot of this? Are you using the complex shader?Have you followed best practices - as described here: mainly - make sure shadows and normal direction are enabled.








0


Answered







NeoFur Plugin Does not seem to work anymore.


Celeritas 7 months ago


        
            
        
        •
        
             updated by peet808 (Product Manager) 7 months ago • 
        

        
 3


Hi, I previously worked with neofur 2.0 release. But recently I installed into new project. latest version, and neofur just does not seem to work.  I quickly setup a furasset using a copy of the render mesh. add neofur component then added the furasset. yet it does not load the hair shader representing hair. I add complex master material. makes no different acts like regular object. As if plugin is no enabled.  The plugin is enabled under project plugins and the correct version is installed.I did get this error msg after updating to new version.Proceeded with overwriting old shader.Need help, I dont see why it's not working. what am I missing?






Vote

 0
 0
Undo

 Follow










0


Answered







Strange flickering problem


florent raoul 7 months ago


        
            
        
        •
        
             updated 7 months ago • 
        

        
 4


Hello everybody !Maybe my problem is the same as this one :http://support.neoglyphic.com/topics/64-fur-not-visible-from-bottom-view/I'm not sure about that...My neofur asset is flickering, depending on the angle at we look at it...To show you, I put this video on YT :First, I though about a LOD problem but it's not.Thanks for your advices :)






Vote

 0
 0
Undo

 Follow








            Answer
        

Carlos Montero
 7 months ago

This is most commonly due to issues with boundaries on a skeletal mesh.    Presumably the fix is to make sure your skeletal mesh has good boundary values.  Bad boundaries are most commonly due to a lack of physics assets setup. Another temp fix is to override the boundaries of your component, as shown in the attached image.








0


Completed







changing the length of Fur in UE4 dynamically


gbernal 8 months ago


        
            
        
        •
        
             updated by Carlos Montero 8 months ago • 
        

        
 1


Hello,I'm new to NeoFur, I'm hoping to use it for my school project. I was wondering if there is a way to dynamically increase or decrease the length of the fur either through Blueprint or C++. I looked for a tutorial but couldn't find it. Thank you for reading and any help is greatly appreciated._G






Vote

 0
 0
Undo

 Follow








            Answer
        

Carlos Montero
 8 months ago

Hi there,Included in the demo project is an example for this.  All the variables that we can expose have been exposed via blueprint, including shell distance.  See more info here: http://support.neoglyphic.com/topics/28-dynamic-distance/





﻿
«
1
2
3
4
»








Customer support service by UserEcho


















Links



Activity feed



Our website



Our team






Forums


32
NeoFur for Unreal

43
NeoFur for Unity

3
Neoglyphic General

Knowledge bases


33
NeoFur for Unreal - Knowledge base

22
NeoFur for Unity - Knowledge base







Facebook




Community stats


274
 People
    

171
 Topics
    

463
 Comments
    

157
 Votes
    


3Support agents













Our Tweets 








































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 



Neoglyphic Entertainment (@neoglyphic) • Instagram photos and videos




























































































Sunborn Rising
















































HomeBooksGameAppExploreBlogBooksGameAppExploreGalleryStoreBlog✕


Buy NowFive stars to Sunborn Rising: Beneath the Fall.—Publisher's Daily ReviewOver all Sunborn Rising is a wonderful, refreshing tale that will leave the reader excited for more.—Portland Book ReviewSunborn Rising: Beneath the Fall is the best vivid fantasy YA book of the year.—Entrada PublishingSafronoff beautifully and vividly portrays this fictional world and the characters that populate it…—Kirkus Reviews…an elegant and inspiring experience beyond expectations.—US ReviewA fun, unique tale with a lot to offer readers looking for something different from standard fantasy fare.—Kirkus ReviewsStunning. Awe-inspiring. Revolutionary… an instant fantasy classic.—BlueInk ReviewIt truly is a treat for the eyes as well as an engaging read…—US ReviewSafronoff has built a rich and vibrant world, full of layers. Each of the main characters is unique and complex.—Manhattan Book Review…a unique world with interesting characters and a fascinating story that keeps the reader hooked from beginning to end.—San Francisco Book Review…vivid and beautifully written imagery and magical illustrations that will capture the attention of readers young and old…—Entrada PublishingSafronoff shines in his ability to render such an innovative and textured literary work.—Pacific Book ReviewIt's a standout among all Young Adult entries in the literary marketplace.—Publisher's Daily ReviewEvery once in a while there comes a story that is so original and imaginative that it demands to be acknowledged.—Portland Book ReviewThis is a superb work of fantasy fiction that will stay with you long after you've closed the book.—Publisher's Daily ReviewThis is a superb work of fantasy fiction that will stay with you long after you've closed the book.—Publisher's Daily ReviewSafronoff has built a rich and vibrant world, full of layers. Each of the main characters is unique and complex.—Manhattan Book ReviewStunning. Awe-inspiring. Revolutionary… an instant fantasy classic.—BlueInk ReviewEvery once in a while there comes a story that is so original and imaginative that it demands to be acknowledged.—Portland Book ReviewIt truly is a treat for the eyes as well as an engaging read…—US ReviewOver all Sunborn Rising is a wonderful, refreshing tale that will leave the reader excited for more.—Portland Book Review…an elegant and inspiring experience beyond expectations.—US ReviewA fun, unique tale with a lot to offer readers looking for something different from standard fantasy fare.—Kirkus ReviewsIt's a standout among all Young Adult entries in the literary marketplace.—Publisher's Daily ReviewFive stars to Sunborn Rising: Beneath the Fall.—Publisher's Daily Review…a unique world with interesting characters and a fascinating story that keeps the reader hooked from beginning to end.—San Francisco Book ReviewSafronoff shines in his ability to render such an innovative and textured literary work.—Pacific Book ReviewSafronoff beautifully and vividly portrays this fictional world and the characters that populate it…—Kirkus Reviews…vivid and beautifully written imagery and magical illustrations that will capture the attention of readers young and old…—Entrada PublishingSunborn Rising: Beneath the Fall is the best vivid fantasy YA book of the year.—Entrada PublishingWatch: Story TrailerA fantasy adventure novel for ages 8-80+40 pieces original full-color art80 unique illustrationsBuy NowLearn More
The HeroesThe Great Trees of Cerulean are dying—infected with a mysterious blight—and time is running out. Join Barra, a willful, resourceful and adventurous young Arboreal and her two friends, Plicks and Tory, as they journey down into the forgotten heart of their world in a desperate attempt to save it.Meet theCharacters
CeruleanA star at the center of a vast ocean, covered by a great floating forest. The Great Trees, woven together by their roots, carry water and light up their enormous trunks and into the canopy, providing for all the life in the world. Every flower and berry, every wood and leaf, every Arboreal exists because of the relationship of star, sea, and tree.ExploreCerulean
Play the free game!Watch: Game TrailerLearn MoreFly through the endless forest of Cerulean collecting nectar and boosts to compete for the fastest Rush in the canopy!
Enjoy the immersive app!Learn MoreRead Sunborn Rising: Beneath The Fall with 6 hours of music and interactive art.





























