





Executives - Ron Nersesian | About Keysight






 






































 




























						
							Here’s the page we think you wanted.
						 
							See search results instead:
						
 


 







 


 United States




United States

中国
日本
台灣
한국
Россия
Brasil
Canada (English)
Canada (Français)


Deutschland
France
India
Malaysia
United Kingdom
more...

























 

 
 






Hardware



Oscilloscopes, Analyzers, Meters

Oscilloscopes
Spectrum Analyzers  (Signal Analyzers)
Network Analyzers
Vector Signal Analyzers
Handheld Oscilloscopes, Analyzers, Meters
Logic Analyzers
Protocol Analyzers and Exercisers
EMI & EMC Measurements, Phase Noise, Physical Layer Test Systems
Bit Error Ratio Test (BERTs) Solutions
Digital Multimeters (DMM) 


Power Meters & Power Sensors
Frequency Counter Products
Noise Figure Analyzers & Noise Sources
LCR Meters & Impedance Measurement Products
High-Speed Digitizers and Multichannel Data Acquisition Solutions
AC Power Analyzers
DC Power Analyzers
Dynamic Signal Analyzers, Materials Measurement
Device Current Waveform Analyzers
Parameter & Device Analyzers, Curve Tracer


Generators, Sources, Supplies

Signal Generators (Signal Sources)
Function / Arbitrary Waveform Generators
Pulse Generator Products
Data Generators & Analyzers
DC Power Supplies
Source Measure Units
DC Electronic Loads
AC Power Sources


PXI / AXIe / DAQ & Modular Solutions

PXI Products
AXIe Products
Data Acquisition Modules - DAQ
PCIe Digitizers and Related Products
USB Products
VXI Products
Reference Solutions


Additional Products

Wireless Device Test Sets & Wireless Solutions
Nemo Wireless Network Solutions
In-circuit Test Systems
Application-Specific Test Systems & Components
Parametric Test Solutions
RF & Microwave Test Accessories
Photonic Test & Measurement Products
Atomic Force Microscopes, FE-SEM, Nanoindenters, UTM
Laser Interferometers & Calibration Systems
Monolithic Laser Combiners & Precision Optics
MMIC Millimeter-Wave & Microwave Devices
Accessories






Software


Electronic Design Automation Software

Advanced Design System (ADS)
EMPro 3D EM Simulation Software
SystemVue ESL Software
Genesys RF/Microwave Synthesis and Simulation Software
GoldenGate RFIC Simulation Software
Momentum 3D Planar EM Simulator
Device Modeling Products
HeatWave


Application Software

Oscilloscope Software
Network Analyzer Software
FieldFox Handheld Analyzer Software 
X-Series Measurement Applications for Signal/Spectrum Analyzers
89600 VSA Software
Nemo Wireless Network Solutions
Signal Optimizer Software
Signal Studio Software
Wireless Test Set Software 
Logic Analyzer Software
EasyEXPERT group+ Device Characterization Software
Spectrum Monitoring Software
BenchVue Software
USB Modular Application Software


Programming Environment Software

Keysight Measurement Framework (KMF) KS9000
Keysight VEE
TestExec SL Software
MATLAB Software
Test Automation Platform Developer’s System


Productivity Software

Instrument Drivers
IntuiLink Connectivity Software
IO Libraries Suite
Keysight License Manager
Calibration Software
Command Expert
Data Analytics Web Service Software






Services & Support



Services

Calibration
Repair 
Technology Refresh Services
Asset Management
Consulting Services 
Training Services
Product Purchase Alternatives




Document Library

Specifications
Manuals
Application Notes
Brochures & Competitive Overviews
Selection & Configuration Guides
Solution Briefs
Demos
Articles & Case Studies
Catalogs
Press Releases


Drivers, Firmware & Software

Driver
Computer Software
Instrument Firmware/Software
Programming Example


FAQs

Training & Events

Classroom Training
Seminar
Tradeshow
Webcast
Webcast - recorded
Seminar Materials
Seminar Materials - Archived
Training Materials


Discussion Forums

Service Notes

Parts




Support by Product Model Number:

















Industries & Technologies



Basics

Metrology & Calibration Standards 
Instrument Security
Fundamentals
Instrument OS & Software


Cellular

5G 
LTE-Advanced (LTE-A)
Long Term Evolution - LTE 
Femtocell 
Envelope Tracking Power Amplifier
HSPA & HSPA+ 
W-CDMA 
TD-SCDMA 
GSM, GPRS, EGPRS & EDGE/Evo
1xEV-DO 
cdma2000®  / CDMA 
Multi Standard Radio (MSR) 
GNSS & A-GNSS
TDMA 


Wireless Connectivity 

Internet of Things (IoT)
WiMAX™ 
MIMO 
Bluetooth
802.11 WLAN 
NFC / EMV Test
Ultra-Wideband (UWB) 
ZigBee 
Digital Video - DVB


Aerospace & Defense

Radar Test & Electronic Warfare (EW) Test
Military Communications
Satellites
Signals Intelligence (SIGINT)
Avionics, Guidance, Navigation & GPS
ATE Applications
Operational Test
NewSpace


Components & Specific Devices

Automotive
Fuel Cell Electrical Test 
Solar Micro Inverter Testing 
Solar Cells & Modules
Batteries
MEMS & NEMS Devices
Power Electronics
Amplifiers
Mixers, Frequency Converters
Oscillators
Antennas
Filters
Printed Circuit Boards
Device Modeling and Characterization
Base Transceiver Station Filter & Duplexer
Handset Filter & Duplexer
Handset Antennas Test


Control & Automation

Manufacturing & Production Test
Build Your Own Test System
LXI - LAN eXtensions for Instrumentation


Digital Design & Interconnect Standards

DDR Memory 
Design and Simulation of High-Speed Digital
DisplayPort Design & Test
Ethernet 
Fibre Channel 
HDMI 
MHL 
MIPI Design & Tests
PCI Express (PCIe)
Pulse Amplitude Modulation (PAM-4) Design and Test
Serial ATA (SATA) and Serial Attached SCSI (SAS & SAS 2) Design and Test 
USB and Type-C™ Cable and Connector


RF & Microwave

RF & Microwave Design
X-Parameters
Passive Intermodulation (PIM)
Noise Figure Measurements
Design & Test Integration
Pulsed-RF Measurements
EMI & EMC Simulations, Measurements, and Precompliance Testing
Signal Monitoring, Geolocation
Impedance and Impedance Matching
ESL Design
Phase-Locked Loops
Portable Field Test


Education Corner

University Research Resources
Teaching Resources
Student Resources


Optical & Photonic

Optical & Photonic






About Keysight



Company Information

Executives
Corporate Social Responsibility & Governance
Keysight Labs
Company History/Timeline


Keysight Blogs

Investor Relations

News Resources

News Releases
Image Libraries
Awards


Collaborating with Keysight

Supplier Resources
U.S. Government (GSA)
University Relations
Quality Policy & Resources
Statement on Slavery & Human Trafficking


The Keysight Edge

Keysight Advantage
Why Buy Keysight


Careers

Jobs@Keysight







myKeysight

 
 


 


 
















Home >        About Keysight > 
		Company Information > 
		Executives > Ron Nersesian
		
      


Company InformationBoard of Directors
Company History/Timeline
Corporate Social Responsibility & Governance
Keysight CSR Report Narrative

Keysight CSR Report (full)
Ethical Governance
The Environment
Responsible Sourcing
Our People
CommunitiesKeysight After SchoolOur Solutions
CSR Resources
Executives
Keysight Labs
Keysight Labs Timeline



Ron Nersesian

President and Chief Executive Officer

Ron Nersesian is president and chief executive officer of Keysight Technologies. In November, 2011, he was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of Agilent Technologies. The following year, in November 2012, he was promoted to president and chief operating officer. When Agilent announced the separation of its electronic measurement business in 2013, Nersesian was appointed Keysight president and CEO and led the launch of the new company. Keysight became a public, independent company in November 2014. 
Nersesian began his career in 1982 with Computer Sciences Corporation as a systems engineer for satellite communications systems. In 1984, he joined Hewlett-Packard and served in a range of management roles during his tenure. 
In 1996, Nersesian joined another industry player as vice president of worldwide marketing. He subsequently assumed other senior management roles through 2002, including senior vice president and general manager of the company's digital storage oscilloscope business. 
Nersesian joined Agilent Technologies in 2002 as vice president and general manager of the company's Design Validation Division. In 2005, he was named vice president and general manager of the company's Wireless Business Unit and manager of Agilent's Santa Rosa, California site. In 2009 Nersesian was named president of Agilent's Electronic Measurement Group. 
Nersesian holds a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from Lehigh University and an MBA from New York University, Stern School of Business. He also serves as an independent director on the Board of Directors of Trimble Navigation Limited and as a member of Georgia Tech's Advisory Board. 



 
 
 








myKeysight

My Products
My Watchlist
My Download History
My News



Buy

How to Buy or Rent
Request a Quote
Find a Partner
See Special Offers
Check Order Status
View Trade-In Offers
Browse Used Equipment
Why Buy Keysight



Support Tasks

Register Your Hardware
Manage Software Licenses
Find a Manual
Update Firmware/Software 
Browse Application Notes
Request Repair or Calibration
Check Warranty Status
Ask the Community
Find a Part



Legal

Privacy
Terms
Trademark Acknowledgements


 










© Keysight Technologies 2000-2017
			 | Feedback
			
			    | Contact Keysight




 
 
 





Keysight Technologies Inc (KEYS) President and CEO Ronald S. Nersesian Sold $12.7 million of SharesHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 4 hrs 42 minsS&P Futures2,477.75+4.50 (+0.18%)Dow Futures21,679.00+33.00 (+0.15%)LISTENTop economists debate state of labor marketYahoo Finance's Nicole Sinclair moderates a panel of leading economists at the State of the Labor Market SummitKeysight Technologies Inc (KEYS) President and CEO Ronald S. Nersesian Sold $12.7 million of SharesGuruFocus.comJune 27, 2017ReblogShareTweetShare- By insiderPresident and CEO of Keysight Technologies Inc (KEYS) Ronald S. Nersesian sold 330,451 shares of KEYS on 06/23/2017 at an average price of $38.29 a share. The total sale was $12.7 million.Keysight Technologies Inc is a measurement company providing core electronic design and test solutions to communications and electronics industries. It provides electronic measurement instruments and systems and related software, software design tools. Keysight Technologies Inc has a market cap of $7.11 billion; its shares were traded at around $38.33 with a P/E ratio of 19.44 and P/S ratio of 2.25.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Sign with KR. Click here to check it out. KEYS 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of KEYSPeter Lynch Chart of KEYSCEO Recent Trades:President and CEO Ronald S. Nersesian sold 330,451 shares of KEYS stock on 06/23/2017 at the average price of $38.29. The price of the stock has increased by 0.1% since.Directors and Officers Recent Trades:Director Charles J Dockendorff bought 13,210 shares of KEYS stock on 06/09/2017 at the average price of $37.81. The price of the stock has increased by 1.38% since.SVP Jay Alexander sold 11,663 shares of KEYS stock on 06/23/2017 at the average price of $38.5. The price of the stock has decreased by 0.44% since.SVP Ingrid A Estrada sold 18,130 shares of KEYS stock on 06/09/2017 at the average price of $37.26. The price of the stock has increased by 2.87% since.SVP Michael Gasparian sold 5,353 shares of KEYS stock on 06/07/2017 at the average price of $41.51. The price of the stock has decreased by 7.66% since.SVP Michael Gasparian sold 27,294 shares of KEYS stock on 06/02/2017 at the average price of $39.75. The price of the stock has decreased by 3.57% since.For the complete insider trading history of KEYS, click here.This article first appeared on GuruFocus.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Sign with KR. Click here to check it out. KEYS 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of KEYSPeter Lynch Chart of KEYSReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextKristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business InsiderEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredTrump’s big Foxconn announcement will bring jobs — and robotsYahoo FinanceThe Latest: Trump calls aircraft carrier a symbol of powerAssociated PressPlayStation Plus Free Games for August 2017InvestorPlaceDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredAmazon’s Echo rivaled by Xiaomi and Facebook: rptYahoo Finance VideoAmazon earnings — What you need to know in markets on ThursdayYahoo FinanceAP Exclusive: Boy Scouts chief expected a fiery Trump speechAssociated PressWomen Everywhere Should Carry This Tiny DeviceSiren SongSponsoredMcCain slams Trump's transgender military ban, says it's why 'major policy announcements should not be made via Twitter'Business InsiderPhil Mickelson trash-talked Jordan Spieth at the Open Championship — and Phil is going to have to eat his wordsBusiness InsiderRepublicans block Democrats' bid to see Treasury files on TrumpReutersStart Earning Miles With The Best Travel CardWise BreadSponsoredTrump forges ahead to tax reformYahoo Finance VideoWhy the world's biggest search engine has to pay for traffic to its siteYahoo FinanceAlmost Half Of Republicans Believe Trump Really Won The Popular Vote, Poll FindsWar On Errorism: Americans are stupid.Join the Conversation1 / 52.5k











KEYS Ronald S. Nersesian Insider Trades for Keysight Technologies Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Keysight Technologies Inc.

                  NYSE: KEYS
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Keysight Technologies Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 26, 2017, 5:06 p.m.


KEYS

/quotes/zigman/39082702/composite


$
42.52




Change

-0.0051
-0.01%

Volume
Volume 1,380
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/39082702/composite
Previous close

$
			42.83
		


$
				42.53
			
Change

-0.30
-0.70%





Day low
Day high
$42.25
$42.98










52 week low
52 week high

            $26.87
        

            $42.98
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Ronald S. Nersesian



Mr. Ronald S. Nersesian is a Member at North Bay Leadership Council and a Member at Santa Rosa Chamber of Commerce. He is on the Board of Directors at Keysight Technologies, Inc., Trimble, Inc. and CommNexus San Diego. Mr. Nersesian was previously employed as Executive Vice President by Agilent Technologies, Inc., Vice President-Worldwide Marketing by LeCroy Corp., Marketing Manager by Hewlett-Packard Co., and Systems Engineer by Computer Sciences Corp. He received his undergraduate degree from Lehigh University and an MBA from The Leonard N Stern School of Business.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/23/2017
188,454


 
Disposition at $38.39 per share.


7,234,750


06/23/2017
188,454


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $19.97 per share.


3,763,426


06/23/2017
101,135


 
Disposition at $38.18 per share.


3,861,335


06/23/2017
101,135


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $20.74 per share.


2,097,539


06/23/2017
40,862


 
Disposition at $38.09 per share.


1,556,434


06/23/2017
40,862


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $19.62 per share.


801,712


12/22/2016
1,664


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $37.12 per share.


61,768


11/18/2016
8,952


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $35.89 per share.


321,288


11/17/2016
7,542


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $35.22 per share.


265,630


11/17/2016
24,330


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $35.22 per share.


856,903


11/15/2016
70,769


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/04/2016
30,701


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $31.82 per share.


976,906


12/11/2015
2,632


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $28.94 per share.


76,171


11/20/2015
8,952


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $29.47 per share.


263,816


11/17/2015
50,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/17/2015
61,996


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/05/2015
34,533


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $32.27 per share.


1,114,380


12/30/2014
6,104


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $34.19 per share.


208,696


11/20/2014
6,913


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $31.41 per share.


217,138


11/18/2014
1,524


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $31 per share.


47,244


11/18/2014
37,070


 
Award at $31 per share.


1,149,170


11/17/2014
4,683


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $31.05 per share.


145,408


11/05/2014
204,545


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Ronald S. Nersesian 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Neil P. Dougherty 
Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Jay A. Alexander 
Chief Technology Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Satish  Dhanasekaran 
President-Communications Solutions Group




Ms. Bethany J. Mayer 
Senior Vice President




Mr. John A. Page 
Senior Vice President-Services Solutions Group




Mr. Soon Chai  Gooi 
President-Electronic Industrial Solutions Group




Mr. Jeffrey K. Li 
Vice President




Mr. Charles J. Dockendorff 
Director




Mr. Robert Americo Rango 
Director




Ms. Jean M. Halloran 
Director




Ms. Marie  Hattar 
Chief Marketing Officer




Mr. Mark  Wallace 
Senior Vice President-Worldwide Sales




Mr. John  Skinner 
Principal Accounting Officer, VP & Controller




Mr. Jason A. Kary 
Head-Investor Relations




Ms. Ingrid  Estrada 
Senior VP-Human Resources & Workplace Solutions




Mr. Hamish  Gray 
Chief of Staff & Senior VP-Corporate Services




Mr. Stephen D. Williams 
Secretary, Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Paul N. Clark 
Non-Executive Chairman




Mr. Mark B. Templeton 
Independent Director




Mr. Richard P. Hamada 
Independent Director




Mr. James G. Cullen 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




4:48 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:11aHuawei smartphone shipments jump; revenue soars
4:09aFoxtons profit falls 64% as Brexit hits market
4:09aJust Eat profit jumps 46%; ups revenue guidance
4:03aFTSE 100 steady as AstraZeneca plunges, Diageo surges 
3:34aDaily Mail revenue up; warns on some markets
3:33aWeir profit jumps on strong oil and gas showing
3:32aSmith & Nephew profit rises; on track for targets
3:31aSpain's unemployment rate drops to 17.22%
3:31aVolkswagen profit up; lifts sales guidance
3:31aThomas Cook loss halves; backs full-year guidance
3:30aLloyds profit narrows on £1 bln compensation bill
3:30aAirbus profit down 34% on lower plane deliveries
3:30aTate & Lyle profit ahead: backs full-year guidance
3:29aOil majors sustain profits despite crude's slide
3:28aAstraZeneca's Mystic cancer drug trial fails
3:17aAstraZeneca's Mystic lung cancer trial fails to meet endpoint 
3:08aAstraZeneca tumbles 15% after decline in quarterly revenue 
3:07aDeutsche Bank shares falls 3.3% after earnings report 
3:05aAnglo American up 3.6% after dividend reinstatement 
3:04aGermany's DAX opens 0.5% lower at 12,247.10 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












Keysight Technologies'(KEYS) CEO Ronald Nersesian on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Keysight Technologies'(KEYS) CEO Ronald Nersesian on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptNov.17.16 | About: Keysight Technologies (KEYS) Keysight Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:KEYS)
Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call
November 17, 2016 16:30 ET
Executives
Jason Kary - VP, Treasurer & Investor Relations
Ronald Nersesian – President and Chief Executive Officer
Neil Dougherty - SVP and Chief Financial Officer
Mike Gasparian - President, Communications Solutions Group
Soon Chai Gooi - President, Electronic Industrial Solutions Group
John Page - SVP & President, Services Solutions Group
Mark Wallace – SVP, Worldwide Sales
Analysts
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird
Brian Yuen - Deutsche Bank
Patrick Newton - Stifel Nicolaus
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies
Operator
Good day ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Keysight Technologies Fiscal Fourth Quarter 2016 earnings conference call. After the presentation, we will conduct a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this call is being recorded today, Thursday, November 17, 2016 at 1:30 p.m. Pacific Time. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Jason Kary, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. 
Jason Kary 
Welcome everyone to Keysight’s fourth quarter earnings conference call for Fiscal Year 2016. With me are Ron Nersesian, Keysight President and CEO and Neil Dougherty, Keysight Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining in the Q&A after Neil’s comments will be Mike Gasparian, President of Communications Solutions Group; Soon Chai Gooi, President of the Electronic Industrial Solutions Group; John Page, President of the Services Solutions Group; and Mark Wallace, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales.
You can find the press release and information to supplement today’s discussion on our website at investor.Keysight.com. While there, please click on the link for quarterly reports under the financial information tab. There you will find an investor presentation along with Keysight’s segment results. 
Following this conference call we will post a copy of the prepared remarks to the website. Today’s comments by Ron and Neil will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. You will find the most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations on our website. 
We will make forward-looking statements about the financial performance of the company on today’s call. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are only valid as of today. The company assumes no obligation to update them. Please review the company’s recent SEC filings for a more complete picture of our risks and other factors.
I would also note that we are scheduled to participate in the Credit Suisse Technology Conference in Scottsdale on December 1st and the Barclay’s Global Technology Conference in San Francisco on December 7th. We hope to see many of you there. 
Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Ron.
Ronald Nersesian 
Thank you, Jason, and thank you all for joining us. We will focus today’s discussion on three key topics. First, we delivered a strong fourth quarter with revenue at the high end of our guidance; achieved earnings of $0.64 per share; and generated $124 million in free cash flow. Second, customers continue to increase investment in next generation technologies and Keysight continues to innovate and expand its leadership in these important areas of the market. Third, during Fiscal Year 2016, the team executed well on its strategy to transform and position the company for growth, and we made measureable progress on our key growth initiatives.
Let’s begin with a brief overview of Keysight’s fourth quarter performance. We are pleased with our results and execution in the quarter. We achieved earnings of $0.64 per share, generated $124 million in free cash flow, or 17% of revenue, and delivered $751 million in revenue which was at the high end of our guidance. Additionally, orders grew 3% year-over-year to reach $806 million, which is the highest level we have seen in the past four years. Neil will provide you with further detail on our fourth quarter financial results in a few minutes.

Moving to our markets, overall the dynamic we saw in the quarter remained relatively consistent with our expectations. We continue to see softness in the broader communications market and in certain regions within Europe, while investments in the development of next generation technologies continued to grow.
More specifically, we saw increased investment in the areas of 5G, wireless LAN, high speed optical networks for data centers, automotive, alternative energy, and leading edge semiconductor process technologies. In 5G major players continued to accelerate development and timelines around the globe and we generated strong growth for our 5G solutions in the fourth quarter. 
To highlight the growing momentum around 5G, I would like to note several recent industry announcements. NTT announced plans to begin its 5G trials in Japan as early as May, 2017. Just last week, Korea Telecom declared that it aims to be the first to commercialize 5G in 2019, which is one year ahead of its previously stated plans. China Mobile has deployed a wideband massive MIMO site on its network in Shanghai, and Verizon announced it is moving forward with its plans for 5G pilots beginning in 2017.
Utilizing spectrum at very high frequencies is a key tenet behind 5G as mobile providers look for ways to cope with expanding amounts of mobile traffic, proliferation of connected devices, and the Internet of Things as well as to improve its overall customer experience. For decades, engineers in a variety of industries have counted on Keysight for easier access to accurate repeatable measurements at even higher frequencies and wider bandwidths.
Today, we are the industry’s leading innovator in the commercialization of tools for millimeter wave simulation, test, and analysis. In October we extended our leadership with an industry leading breakthrough in spectrum and signal analysis at millimeter wave frequencies. Our new signal analyzer is the first to provide continuous frequency coverage from three hertz to 110 gigahertz and spans across access, front haul and back haul 5G applications in an integrated solution. These tools can also be used for satellite communication and automotive radar applications. 
Moving to high speed optical networks for data centers, deployment of 100 gig optical technologies throughout the datacenter and efforts to reduce power are driving the need to measure signal quality and integrity. In the fourth quarter, we continued to win deals and see strong demand for our optical and high speed digital test products and growing interest in 400 gig development. Our customers in this market include chip, network equipment, optical transceiver vendors and hyper scale datacenter operators. 
At the European Optical Show in September, Keysight showcased new and enhanced solutions to help R&D engineers master their 400 gig designs by making validation easier and speeding up the testing of components and systems. 
In the automotive market, the electronic content of cars continues to increase with numerous traditional car manufacturers accelerating their investments in electrified vehicles and autonomous driving. Areas of investment and development include powertrain electrification, battery technology, the connected car, and radar technology. These activities are still in the R&D stage and are expected to be long term growth trends for this market.
Keysight recently demonstrated more than 50 automotive design and test solutions across various technology domains including radar, wireless, millimeter wave, high speed digital, and power and energy. We are leveraging our decade’s deep expertise in testing radar technologies for aerospace and defense applications to launch products that address the specific needs for the emerging autonomous driving market. We recently introduced a new radar target simulator to help automotive electronic manufacturers confidently simulate various realistic scenarios.

Moving onto our full year performance, the Keysight team executed well on its multiyear strategy to transform and position the company as a solutions leader in key next generation technologies. As a reminder, our ultimate goal is to drive above market growth in the long term and to create value for customers and shareholders. 
In Fiscal 2016 we achieved 3% order growth and 2% revenue growth as we navigated a challenging market environment and executed on our strategy. We remain committed to our key growth initiatives and made measurable progress. First, in wireless our focus on positioning Keysight as the market leader in 5G is delivering results. With our technical breadth and expertise in strategic engagement with customers and partners around the globe, Keysight continues to have leading edge solutions for 5G applications available when needed, even as development schedules accelerate.
Throughout the year orders for our 5G solutions surpassed expectations resulting in triple digit growth. Second, in modular we achieved double digit order and revenue growth for our PXI and AXI modular business for the year. We introduced several new solutions for a variety of market applications and we received the Frost & Sullivan’s 2016 Growth Excellence Leadership Award in recognition of our strong momentum in PXI based instrumentation.
Third, in software, we also delivered double digit order and revenue growth led by our acquisition of Anite and high single digit growth for our market leading design and simulation software solutions. As part of our longer term strategy to expand our software innovation activities, earlier this year we announced a software design center in conjunction with the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta and our staffing plan there is ahead of schedule. 
Lastly, in services, while revenue was flat on a reported basis for the year, we generated 9% order growth for the year. Multivendor calibration services showed strong success with aerospace and defense customers. This is a key target market for Keysight and we believe we have gained share. 
Overall, we are pleased with our execution Fiscal Year 2016. The strategic actions we have taken are strengthening our market position and creating new business opportunities. Investing in innovation, regardless of short term market challenges is a critical element to our future success as a company. 
In Fiscal 2016, we increased our R&D investment by 11% while delivering industry leading non-GAAP operating margin of 19%. We believe our investments are delivering above-market results as we exit the fourth quarter. Our accomplishments speak to the focus, discipline, and commitment of the Keysight team to transform our company for growth and to create value for our customers and shareholders.
Moving forward, we will continue to innovate, invest for long term growth and expand our leadership. We are building on the moment we achieved in 2016 with a robust pipeline of new services and solutions that have been identified by our industry teams working closely with leading edge customers. While we expect continued headwinds in some of our markets, we believe we are well positioned to deliver above market results. 
Now, I’ll turn the call over to Neil to provide more details on our Q4 financial results as well as our first quarter guides. 
Neil Dougherty 
Today we reported fourth quarter revenue of $751 million compared with $756 million in the same period last year. On a core basis, which excludes the impact of currency and acquisitions, revenue decreased 2%. Regionally, core revenue declined 7% in Europe, 1% in the Americas, 11% in Japan, and increased 1% in Asia excluding Japan. In China, we achieved our third consecutive quarter of double digit growth driven by strength in optical and semiconductor process solutions. 

Looking at our operational results, gross margin was 57.5%, a year-over-year decrease of 50 basis points due to product mix. For the quarter, operating expenses totaled $290 million, up 2.7% over last year and reflected higher sales cost given our strong order performance in the quarter. This resulted in fourth quarter operating margin of 18.9% compared with 20.7% last year. We reported net income of $110 million or $0.64 per share, which was at the midpoint of our guidance range. 
Moving to the performance of our segments; our communications solutions group or CSG includes two primary end markets. First is a commercial communications end market that reported revenue of $254 million, up 3% compared with last year’s fourth quarter driven by growth from 5G and next generation datacenter technologies, offset by continued softness in the broader communications ecosystem. 
CGS also includes our aerospace defense and government end markets which generated revenue of $188 million in Q4 compared with $206 million in the same quarter last year, reflecting ongoing weakness in Russia and China. This brought total CSG revenue for the quarter to $442 million, a 2% year-over-year decrease or 4% on a core basis. CSG reported gross margin of 60.3% and operating margin of 17.1%. 
Our electronic industrial solutions group, or EISG generated fourth quarter revenue of $201 million, up 1% from last year or down 2% on a core basis driven by ongoing weakness for general electronic solutions, particularly in Europe which was partially offset by strong growth for leading edge semiconductor process technologies and our automotive applications. EISG reported gross margin of 59.6% and operating margin of 23.3%.
Lastly, the services solutions group or SSG generated record revenue of $108 million in Q4, a 5% year-over-year increase, or 3% on a core basis. Revenue growth for SSG was driven by an increase in sales for our remarketed solutions. Excluding the impact of three year warranty program revenue for this segment grew 8%. SSG reported gross margin of 42.2% and operating margin at 18.1%. 
As Ron highlighted, overall we are pleased with our performance and execution as a company for the 2016 fiscal year. We achieved 3% order growth and 2% revenue growth as we navigated a challenging market environment and remain focused on the growth areas of our market. 
Revenue for the year totaled $2.9 billion and gross margin improved 80 basis points to 57.7%. To fuel innovation and strength our market position in strategic areas, we continued to invest in research and development which grew by 11%. At the same time, we remained within our operating model delivering 18.6% operating margin and reporting non-GAAP net income after tax of $419 million or $2.43 per share. 
Moving to the balance sheet and cash flow; we ended our fiscal year 2016 with $783 million in cash and cash equivalents, up $300 million when compared with $483 million at the end of fiscal 2015. We generated $416 million in cash flow from operations for the year, and consistent with our plan, we invested $91 million in capital purchases. This brings our free cash flow for the year to $325 million or 11% of revenue, an improvement of 120 basis points compared to last year. 
As we are entering fiscal year 2017, please note a few items for modeling purposes. Annual salary increases are effective December 1, 2016. Additionally, as we mentioned last year cash flow is seasonally lower in Q1 due to the payout of variable compensation. Other operating income is projected to be $15 million in FY17. Interest expense for the year is expected to be $46 million. Pension and benefit expense for the year is projected to increase by approximately $20 million while cash contributions to our global pension plans are expected to be in line with 2016.

Lastly, we are committed to continue to opportunistically deploy capital through our share repurchase authorization, but are assuming a base case diluted share count of 175 million shares at year end. We remain committed to investing in the key growth areas of our markets to drive the long term growth of our business while at the same time staying consistent with our operating model. As a reminder, our operating model is structured to deliver high teens operating margins at current revenue levels. 
Turning to our outlook and guidance for the first quarter; as Ron noted we are encouraged by the strong order growth we saw in the fourth quarter and while we are seeing increased investment in the development of next generation technologies, we continue to expect headwinds in the broader communications market. Balancing these factors, we currently expect Q1 revenue to be in the range of $706 million to $746 million with the midpoint in line with the first quarter of last year, but on a core basis representing a decline of 1% with the difference entirely due to currency.
We expect first quarter non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $0.49 to $0.63 or $0.56 at the midpoint based on a weighted diluted share count of approximately 173 million shares. With that, I will now turn it back to Jason for the Q&A.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Richard Eastman with Robert W. Baird.
Richard Eastman
Just a couple of questions. Let me just kind of start with the aerospace defense piece of the comm solutions group. Could you kind of just walk through a little bit on the quarter how did the US business do in A&D and any positive vibes here going forward maybe from an order perspective or anything from a front log perspective that suggest that the A&D business can be up low single digits or mid-single digits as we work our way through ’17. 
Ronald Nersesian
I’m going to turn it over to Mike Gasparian. The other question that comes up is whether or not we see any change in aerospace defense spending based on the election results and our take is that aerospace defense spending will increase based on the US election results. I’ll turn it over to Mike who will tell you a little bit more about some of the questions you asked.
Mike Gasparian
Our view on aerospace defense is we still view it as a very stable segment going forward. We clearly have pockets of weakness in Russia and China which Mark Wallace will make some comments on when I’m done, but that’s offset by some really good growth opportunities in some of the other areas. 
You asked for some color. In the Americas we have a really nice systems business as well as a great service opportunity with the prime contractors. Both the systems and the services play into the outsourcing trend that I’ve talked about before, so those are good opportunities for the company. Western Europe and India, both have good opportunities for services as well. Then we’ve got radar/satellite segments within those regions that are performing well. 
Mark, do you want to maybe add some color about what we’re seeing in China and Russia?
Mark Wallace 
In Russia spending declined in Q4 as demand remained soft. During the quarter we saw some delays to some deals and some budgets and it’s really all based on what we’ve seen for a while. It’s the US and European sanctions, low commodity pricing, weak currency, just altogether continue to make the environment challenging. It’s again, important to note that this is not a change from what we saw previously.
Then in China, it’s different it’s a weak government spending as we expected as we’re in the early part of China’s five year planning cycle. So, this is kind of normal seasonality as part of that process. 

Richard Eastman
Just a follow up question, the other piece on the comm’s solutions business, I think you highlighted datacenter spend, optical spend, as being higher in the quarter. Even with that the commercial coms business kind of outperformed our expectations. How do you view this business going forward? You commented we’ll still see headwinds here on the more traditional LTE and 4G side, but again, do you start to look at this business as stable with upside potential or stable with maybe still downside exposure? How do you look at this overall collection of products and markets here geographically as well as by product for commercial comms going forward?
Ronald Nersesian
I’ll make a general worldwide comment and then I’ll turn it over to Mike for a little bit more of the detailed color. But, we don’t see any specific catalyst at this point. Budgets, outside of leading edge technologies, remains weak but we do of course see increased spending and focus on leading edge technologies such as 5G. We’ve been focused on that and we’ve brought a lot of new solutions to market and as a matter of fact, we mentioned really leap frogging the competition with our 110 gigahertz spectrum analyzer or signal analyzer. 
So, the story remains the same, we see leading edge technologies where money is being spent. We see it being pulled in a little bit on 5G and we’re strong there. But outside of that we see things being weak such as 4G spending. We certainly have seen a roll off in that over the year. 
Mike Gasparian
I’ll just add a little bit to Ron’s response. The whole wireless ecosystem just across the board has kind of a weak characteristic. We’re between 4G and 5G so kind of dealing with the trough right now. It almost doesn’t matter if you look at component suppliers, chipset companies, device makers, operator test labs, all of them are dealing with bringing some equilibrium to their supply chains, consolidation and restructuring and so the net effect of all of that is a very restrained CAPEX environment. 
We do see, I would characterize it as some wide variations from company-to-company, but across the board despite these headwinds the leading companies continue to make investments in R&D in these next generation technologies. So, Ron highlighted 5G, all the wireless LAN areas 802.11 ad, ay, ax, 400 gigabyte, those are all big good growth areas for us going forward and I think we’re well positioned to capitalize on all those trends. 
Ronald Nersesian
I’ll add if you take a look at our growth rate versus the competition, you can see that we’ll feel very good about our ability to gain share and our market position is much stronger than it was a year or two ago.
Operator
The next question comes from Brian Yuen with Deutsch Bank.
Brian Yuen
I’m curious to get your view on what you think the most important demand drivers for 2017 would be? I know you have a lot going on with growth autos, 5G module, and cloud so how should we sort of think about all these things coming together to impact topline from a modeling perspective in 2017?
Ronald Nersesian
We believe that we’re very well positioned in some of the high growth environments. In particular, we see more investment in R&D than we see in manufacturing and our strategy for years has been to really focus on R&D where we see higher margins and more stability in the business. The other thing is it really plays to our strength of being a leading edge technology player so as we bring out leading edge technologies that no one else can match, that gives us a real advantage in being able to grow and to gain market share.
The biggest thing that we see is 5G. There is no doubt about it that 5G has a very, very broad coverage all up and down throughout the communications ecosystem and it’s been playing very well for us. The other thing that’s a growth initiative that it’s not so much a market issue is services. We have had a focus on services and this past quarter we had very strong order growth and we also, for the year, had 9% order growth for services in our service business. We’ve had many successes that in our multivendor calibration service business.

So, overall 5G is one very, very big effort. I’ve already mentioned aerospace defense where with the new administration we anticipate there being a ramp up, although it will be probably slow in the beginning to the aerospace defense business, and then on top of it, our competitiveness not only in 5G, but across our electronic industrial market and our services business. 
But, we do remain cautious on the overall market outlook because you can look at the rest of the players in the industry and some of the customers that we serve, how their business are going. But again, we have been focusing on the part that has been growing the most which is the R&D environment for leading edge technologies.
Brian Yuen
Maybe a quick follow up on the product roadmap. You noted the 50 automotive design wins, the 100 gigahertz spectrum analyzer and 5G, so for 2017 do you have any early indications of what products might be rolling out to address those growth areas? Anything you might be working on now or have plans to roll out in 2017.
Ronald Nersesian
We don’t comment on the future roadmap. If there is something that we want to comment on, we would go ahead and put it in a press release such as we announced previously that our breakthrough in high performance digital oscilloscope technology in getting to the 100 gigahertz mark with very, very strong signal integrity and high performance. So, that is one thing that we’ve commented on but other things we won’t comment on. 
But, we feel very good about our solutions roadmap and their increased market position. We really see that we have gained share from the competition and from our efforts that are really starting to just take stride. We see over the next couple of years being able to create some moment. 
Operator
The next question comes from Patrick Newton with Stifel Nicolaus. 
Patrick Newton
Given that you’re well positioned to grow above the industry and you seem very confident in share gains, the key question seems to be what are your thoughts on the industry growth potential in FY17 and just given the choppy growth for the industry in general, do you anticipate collectively there will be growth in the industry next year?
Mike Gasparian
As Ron just said, we still remain cautious about the overall market outlook looking forward. Clearly, we’re seeing acceleration in next generation technologies, but there are other portions of the market that continue to remain under pressure. I think the important thing for us is that we have a business and an operating model that enables us to perform and delivery some profitability and cash flow under any market conditions. 
We’re going to continue to be cautious, continue to execute on our plan, continue to transform our investments if you will, continue making investments in R&D and in the field to capture future growth. We’re funding those investments through increased efficiencies in our factories through improved gross margins. Our gross margins were up 80 basis points this year and increased efficiency in our administrative functions as well. 
’17, these markets are notoriously difficult to call. We see no specific catalyst at this point and remain cautious as we enter 2017. 
Patrick Newton
I’m just trying to understand the guidance a little bit. You have bookings up almost $30 million year-over-year but the midpoint of the guidance matches revenue from fiscal 1Q last year. I guess after a soft bookings quarter in 3Q is this kind of a backlog refill? Is there any change into maybe the timing of deliveries that’s embedded in the bookings or backlog, or any reason why we wouldn’t see a higher midpoint in the guidance?
Ronald Nersesian
First of all, you’re largely correct, we saw good bookings here in Q4 but had been in a relatively softer backlog position entering the quarter. So, first of all we keep the exact same process going into Q1 as we have used previously. We look at our existing backlog, that backlog is scheduled out from a shipment perspective so we know what portion of our backlog is shippable in Q1. We then look at our order funnel and make some assumptions about how incoming orders are going to convert to revenue within the quarter. 

The one other factor, which is a change from this year, in fiscal 2016 Chinese New Year fell at the beginning of Q2 which quite frankly is a little bit better timing from a business perspective than where it falls here in FY17 at the very tail end of our Q1. So, we’ve certainly factored that in to our guidance, although I will say it is another factor that impacts predictability for the quarter. So, we’re highly confident in our ability to fall within our range, but that timing of Chinese New Year, depending on how shipments move, there’s very little time to recover if things happen differently than we’ve modeled them.
Patrick Newton
On modular I think you gave us the data point that you had double digit growth in orders for both the AXL and PXL side of the business. I’m just curious, I think you gave us a data point last year of kind of where your analyzed orders were and any update you can give us currently?
Ronald Nersesian
We’re not giving any new specific guidance or I would say information except that year-over-year we did see double digit order and revenue growth for modular. 
Patrick Newton
Anite is fully integrated. I would just love your thoughts on your appetite for M&A or if you’re more focused now on more organic initiatives?
Ronald Nersesian
We have a blend. There’s no doubt that what we’re doing is we’re focusing on getting our organic growth up like we mentioned at the end of last year and that continues to be a real focus for us. We’re doing that obviously by shifting more of our expense to R&D and to direct feet on the street to sell and we’re very pleased with our progress. But also, we’re looking at market segments that are adjacent that could actually be something where we could create value for our shareholders and increase our overall growth rate. 
So, we’re looking at both organic and inorganic but ROIC is clearly one very, very strong measure that use to make sure that we can get a great return on anything we do that’s inorganic.
Operator
The next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. 
Brandon Couillard
I’m just curious in general are you satisfied, are you happy with the returns you’re seeing on the stepped up R&D investment and at this point do you have any appetite to perhaps take that another 100 basis points further?
Ronald Nersesian
We’re very, very pleased with the progress that we’re making and again, as you know, when you invest in R&D sometimes it’s a 24 to 36 month investment before the product even hits the market and then a product ramps from there and has to go through a customer’s buying cycle so you don’t always see it in the quarter or even the fiscal year in the actual result. But, we are very pleased with the path that we’re on and the results that we’re getting in at this point.
As far as taking it further, right now we’ll be talking a little bit more about modeling but we are slowly making sure that we can get the right returns on the investments that we have before we’re going ahead and trying to invest even more heavily. 
Neil Dougherty
Let me make a couple of extra comments. We’re very pleased with the results that we’re getting from our R&D and the positioning that we’re having in the leading edge technologies referencing again, 5G and our relative position in 5G relative to where we were in prior generation. So, I think you will continue to see us make investments for growth both in R&D and in the field and as we’ve said previously we look to fund those investments in the current revenue levels through efficiencies elsewhere in the P&L reminding you the business model is set up to deliver high teen s operating margins at current revenue levels. 
We’re investing in R&D in the field to drive growth when markets recover and we can get this business growing at a 4% sustained rate, we can deliver our 40% incremental when we get to those growth rates. Right now it’s about transitioning the investments we’re making to be more growth oriented so that when markets recover we’re positioned to capture them. 

Ronald Nersesian
As you look at our year numbers, we delivered 19% operating margin while increasing our R&D spend by going ahead and being more efficient in our manufacturing by increasing our gross margin as well making other tradeoffs in the OPEX lines. 
Brandon Couillard
In the fourth quarter revenues came in at the high end of the range, EPS more towards the midpoint low end, was that just a surprise on the mix in gross margins? Then, did you say $15 million of other operating income in fiscal 17 and what exactly is that tied to? Is that Agilent related?
Neil Dougherty
First all, with regard to kind of revenue in Q4 coming in at the high end of the range and EPS more in the middle, really there were two factors that fully explain that. One was product mix. We’ve been working on kind of a long term trend to increase the proportion of our business that comes from R&D versus manufacturing solutions and that’s still a trend line that we’re comfortably on. But relative to the past couple of quarters, our mix in Q4 of manufacturing based solutions was slightly higher and that drove a lower overall gross margin. 
Then the second thing was a direct result of the higher order levels. Obviously, our commissions climb with the higher order levels and that obviously will yield a benefit in coming quarters. 
The second part of the question was with regard to other income and yes, that is a direct relation to the kind of the landlord tenant relationship that exists with Agilent where we essentially own facilities and are leasing space back to our prior parent. 
Operator
That concludes our question and answer session for today. I would like to turn the conference back to Jason Kary. 
Jason Kary 
Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you at the upcoming investor conferences that I mentioned at the top of the call and appreciate you joining us today. Have a great day.
Operator
This concludes our conference call. You may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All KEYS TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksNvidia Finally Ships VoltaNVDA• Today, 3:12 AM • Mark Hibben•3 CommentsFacebook Q2: Why Is The Stock So Cheap?FB• Today, 2:39 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•4 CommentsPayPal's Q2: Consistent Growth Again, But What About That 8% Tax Rate?PYPL• Today, 1:57 AM • Greg Wajda•2 CommentsSK Telecom Co., Ltd. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSKM• Today, 12:26 AM • SA TranscriptsAlphabet's Q2: Of Cash Flow And YouTubeGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 10:46 PM • Steven Mallas•5 CommentsTelefonica Brasil, S.A 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesVIV• Yesterday, 10:19 PM • SA TranscriptsAnalog Devices: Winning Or Losing On Apple's Next iPhoneADI• Yesterday, 10:12 PM • Prescient Investment AnalysisQualcomm And Cisco Make First Investments In AgTechCSCO, QCOM• Yesterday, 10:12 PM • Donovan Jones•11 Comments4 Companies Which Stand To Benefit From 3D SensingFNSR, LITE, VIAV• Yesterday, 9:46 PM • Shareholders Unite•9 CommentsAlphabet: This Stock Will Help You Reach Your Retirement GoalsGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 9:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•13 CommentsCan MassRoots Remain A Going Concern?MSRT• Yesterday, 8:26 PM • Harlem and Stone•3 CommentsTwitter: How Sustainable Is The Resurgence?TWTR• Yesterday, 8:02 PM • Kayode Omotosho•4 CommentsASM International N.V. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesASMIY• Yesterday, 7:53 PM • SA TranscriptsMellanox Technologies, Ltd. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMLNX• Yesterday, 7:08 PM • SA TranscriptsServiceNow 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNOW• Yesterday, 7:08 PM • SA TranscriptsLam Research Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLRCX• Yesterday, 7:08 PM • SA TranscriptsFacebook 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFB• Yesterday, 7:06 PM • SA Transcripts•11 CommentsKnowles Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKN• Yesterday, 7:05 PM • SA TranscriptsTIM Participações S.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTSU• Yesterday, 5:43 PM • SA TranscriptsAMD: Did The Stock Really Surge On A $19 Million Profit?AMD• Yesterday, 5:37 PM • Stone Fox Capital•120 CommentsMicrosoft: This Old Tech Company Becoming A New OneMSFT• Yesterday, 5:28 PM • The Dividend Guy•12 CommentsOkta Delivers A Strong Quarter And A Strong IPOOKTA• Yesterday, 5:24 PM • Sramana MitraFacebook: Great Results Meet Bloated StockFB• Yesterday, 5:13 PM • D.M. Martins Research•71 CommentsCorning Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGLW• Yesterday, 4:58 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentTranscat, Inc. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTRNS• Yesterday, 4:33 PM • SA TranscriptsFacebook Post-Earnings Target PricesFB• Yesterday, 4:15 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•133 CommentsIBM The Hard WayIBM• Yesterday, 4:00 PM • David J. Waldron•18 CommentsAfter 2 Years In The Doghouse, Box Is Poised To Break Past Its $20 IPO HurdleEditors' Pick • BOX• Yesterday, 3:53 PM • Gary Alexander•3 CommentsAkamai Technologies: Too Cheap To IgnoreAKAM• Yesterday, 3:32 PM • L&F Capital Management•7 CommentsSage Group plc (The) 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSGGEF• Yesterday, 3:05 PM • SA TranscriptsIs AMD Secretly Helping Apple Build Its Own Graphics Processors?AAPL, AMD, IGNMF• Yesterday, 2:39 PM • Motek Moyen•14 CommentsEarnings Preview: Twitter Reports Q2 Results Tomorrow Before The BellTWTR• Yesterday, 2:04 PM • JJ Kinahan•4 CommentsFirst Solar Set To Report Blowout EarningsFSLR• Yesterday, 2:00 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•26 CommentsAmazon Could Double Its Market Cap By 2020AMZN• Yesterday, 1:36 PM • Amigobulls•31 CommentsHow WebMD Got Locked Out Of The China MarketWBMD• Yesterday, 1:10 PM • Entrepreneur Esq.Alphabet Has Expensive Hobbies With Its 'Other Bets'GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:41 PM • Motek Moyen•11 CommentsWhile You Worry About Ad Load Facebook Increases Ad InventoryFB• Yesterday, 12:30 PM • Joe Albano•18 CommentsBlackBerry 10: It's OverBBRY• Yesterday, 12:22 PM • Business Quant•86 CommentsAT&T: Keeping An Eye On MexicoT• Yesterday, 12:17 PM • D.M. Martins Research•7 CommentsAMD: Post-Earnings ValuationAMD• Yesterday, 12:14 PM • Roman Luzgin•100 CommentsElectronic Arts: Cautious BuyEA• Yesterday, 12:14 PM • Alexander Kalashnikov•1 CommentVerizon: There's A 20% Total Return Waiting For InvestorsVZ• Yesterday, 12:08 PM • Black Coral Research•24 CommentsAT&T Delivers For ShareholdersT• Yesterday, 12:05 PM • Josh Arnold•23 CommentsSplunk: Terrific Company, Less Terrific VisibilitySPLK• Yesterday, 11:58 AM • Shareholders Unite•1 CommentMicron: This Is MadnessMU• Yesterday, 11:40 AM • Kumquat Research•101 CommentsRedfin Finalizes Terms For $120 Million IPORDFN• Yesterday, 11:34 AM • Donovan Jones•5 CommentsAmazon: My Pre-Earnings ThoughtsAMZN• Yesterday, 10:53 AM • D.M. Martins Research•15 CommentsAmerican Software Needs A Little More... SomethingEditors' Pick • AMSWA• Yesterday, 10:45 AM • Vince MartinFacebook Earnings Preview: Expectations Too High Headed Into Earnings?FB• Yesterday, 10:43 AM • Brian Gilmartin, CFA•26 CommentsAlphabet's Q2: What Was Said, And Also Not Said, Make It ExcitingGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 9:52 AM • DoctoRx•30 CommentsTE Connectivity Ltd. 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTEL• Yesterday, 9:18 AM • SA TranscriptsSTMicroelectronics NV 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSTM• Yesterday, 9:17 AM • SA TranscriptsAtos Origin SA 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAEXAF• Yesterday, 8:11 AM • SA TranscriptsAT&T Earnings Beat: Anxious Optimism Or Optimistic Anxiety?T• Yesterday, 8:00 AM • George Schneider•30 CommentsSeagate Crashes, What Now?STX• Yesterday, 5:04 AM • Kumquat Research•23 CommentsFrontier Communications:  Short Interest Spikes To Record Levels At Mid-July... What Now?FTR• Yesterday, 3:40 AM • The Owl•58 CommentsNutanix: Patience And GrowthNTNX• Yesterday, 3:23 AM • Chandler Clinkingbeard•7 CommentsTelekom Austria AG ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTKAGY• Yesterday, 2:09 AM • SA TranscriptsApple Is Overvalued, Buy It Anyway?AAPL• Yesterday, 1:26 AM • PendragonY•144 CommentsRedfin IPO, Tech Company Changing Real Estate IndustryRDFN• Yesterday, 12:42 AM • Don Dion•16 CommentsWhat AT&T's Q2 Results Tell Us About The Dividend SafetyT• Yesterday, 12:10 AM • Jonathan Weber•50 CommentsWhat Will Apple Build In Those '3 Big, Beautiful Plants'?AAPL• Tue, Jul. 25, 11:34 PM • Mark Hibben•60 CommentsAT&T: Grand SlamT• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:54 PM • Quad 7 Capital•47 CommentsSeparating The Noise From (Encouraging) Fundamentals During Tech Sector VolatilityXLK, VGT, TECL• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:30 PM • Janus Henderson Investors•1 CommentAT&T: Does A Surprise Beat Alter The Thesis?T• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:21 PM • Stone Fox Capital•34 CommentsElectronic Arts: What To Watch For With EarningsEA• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:18 PM • Roman Luzgin•6 CommentsTears For Sears (And Other Amazon Competitors)AMZN• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:09 PM • David Pinsen•63 CommentsAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMD• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:02 PM • SA Transcripts•40 CommentsAT&T Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesT• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:01 PM • SA Transcripts•3 CommentsIPG Photonics' Laser Technology - Mark Hibben's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • IPGP• Tue, Jul. 25, 4:23 PM • Mark Hibben•7 Comments4% Dividend Yield From IBM: International Business Machinations?IBM• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:27 PM • Beulah Meriam K•20 CommentsNvidia: Earnings PredictionNVDA• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:08 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•19 CommentsNordic Semiconductor's Renewed Growth Has Melted Some Of The SkepticismEditors' Pick • NDCVF• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:07 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•2 CommentsExclusive Teardown Confirms New Samsung SupplierSSNLF• Tue, Jul. 25, 2:58 PM • Lou Basenese•35 CommentsPaypal: Pure Play On E-Commerce TransitionPYPL• Tue, Jul. 25, 2:58 PM • L&F Capital Management•4 Comments123456...1162Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Tower International's (TOWR) CEO James Gouin on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TOWR•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  2:59 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




XL Group (XL) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


XL•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  2:39 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Calfrac Well's (CFWFF) CEO Fernando Aguilar on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CFWFF•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  2:34 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




GlaxoSmithKline's (GSK) CEO Emma Walmsley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GSK•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  2:32 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




SK Telecom Co's (SKM) Management on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SKM•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  2:02 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Telefonica Brasil's (VIV) CEO Eduardo Navarro on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VIV•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  1:22 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




ServiceNow (NOW) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NOW•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 12:59 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Hub Group (HUBG) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HUBG•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 12:07 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Merit Medical Systems' (MMSI) CEO Fred Lampropoulos on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MMSI•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Legg Mason (LM) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LM•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:49 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Discover Financial Services (DFS) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DFS•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Nutrisystem's (NTRI) CEO Dawn Zier on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NTRI•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton's (LVMHF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LVMHF•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Knowles (KN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KN•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Edwards Lifesciences (EW) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EW•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:37 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Tractor Supply (TSCO) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TSCO•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:21 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Buffalo Wild Wings (BWLD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BWLD•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




LG Display's (LPL) on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LPL•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:14 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




On Assignment (ASGN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASGN•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Xilinx (XLNX) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


XLNX•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




PayPal's (PYPL) CEO Dan Schulman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PYPL•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



IMAX (IMAX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IMAX•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Allegiant Travel (ALGT) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ALGT•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Quidel Corporation's (QDEL) CEO Doug Bryant on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


QDEL•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:48 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Digimarc's (DMRC) CEO Bruce Davis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DMRC•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Transcat's (TRNS) CEO Lee Rudow on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TRNS•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:32 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Limelight Networks' (LLNW) CEO Bob Lento on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LLNW•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:32 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Vertex Pharmaceuticals (VRTX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VRTX•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:29 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Lam Research (LRCX) Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LRCX•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:21 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Knight Transportation (KNX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KNX•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4442Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 





News on Ronald S. Nersesian


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Person                            


                                    Ronald S. Nersesian                                    ▼





                                Topic                            


                                    All Topics                                    ▼








Organizations

                                Find news about organizations
                            





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


Ronald S. Nersesian











Keysight Technologies Announces Retirement of Mike Gasparian; Satish Dhanasekaran Named Communications Solutions Group President, Marie Hattar Named Chief Marketing Officer


                                July 20, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... to announce that Satish Dhanasekaran will lead Keysight's Communications Solutions Group," said Ron Nersesian, Keysight's president and chief executive officer. "Satish has driven many strategic ...
                                









Keysight Technologies Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results


                                June 6, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... including record orders for 5G, modular and automotive and energy solutions," said Ron Nersesian, Keysight president and CEO. "We achieved 6 percent order growth, and ...
                                









Keysight & Spreadtrum announce Innovation Center 


                                May 1, 2017                                 • 
                                ENP Newswire                            


                                  ... is another milestone to the strategic partnership first announced last year,' said Ron Nersesian, president and CEO of Keysight Technologies. 'Keysight is dedicated to providing ...
                                









Keysight Technologies Announces Closing of Acquisition of Ixia


                                April 18, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Ixia's established strong position in the fast-growing visibility and security markets," said Ron Nersesian, Keysight president and CEO. "Keysight's leadership now encompasses a unique range ...
                                









Keysight Technologies Reports First Quarter 2017 Results


                                February 16, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... technology solutions and believe we are well positioned within our markets," said Ron Nersesian, Keysight president and CEO. "We continue to make progress on our ...
                                









Ronald S. Nersesian sold $2.42M worth of shares in Keysight Technologies, Inc. in November 2016


                                December 8, 2016                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










Keysight Technologies Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2016 Results


                                November 17, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... high-end of our guidance as customers increased investments in next-generation technologies,? said Ron Nersesian, Keysight president and CEO. ?We are pleased with our performance throughout ...
                                









Keysight Technologies names head of global sales organization


                                September 9, 2016                                 • 
                                Marketline Newswire                            


                                  ... to announce that Mark Wallace will lead our worldwide sales organization," said Ron Nersesian, Keysight's president and CEO. "Mark is a proven energetic leader with ...
                                









Keysight Technologies Names Mark Wallace as Worldwide Sales Leader; Guy S�n� Announces His Retirement


                                September 1, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... to announce that Mark Wallace will lead our worldwide sales organization," said Ron Nersesian, Keysight's president and chief executive officer. "Mark is a proven energetic ...
                                









Keysight Technologies reports higher Q3 net income, provides outlook for Q4


                                August 26, 2016                                 • 
                                Marketline Newswire                            


                                  ... included delivering strong revenue growth and double-digit growth in net income," said Ron Nersesian, Keysight president and CEO. "While we continue to see market headwinds, ...
                                









Keysight Technologies Reports Third Quarter 2016 Results


                                August 17, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... included delivering strong revenue growth and double-digit growth in net income," said Ron Nersesian, Keysight president and CEO. "While we continue to see market headwinds, ...
                                









Keysight Technologies Outlines its Commitment to the White House's Platforms for Advanced Wireless Research (PAWR) Initiative


                                July 27, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... across new and existing technologies as it transforms ideas into reality," said Ron Nersesian, Keysight president and CEO. "We're proud to play an active role ...
                                









Keysight Technologies Reports Second Quarter 2016 Results


                                May 19, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... our key growth initiatives while maintaining our focus on operating discipline," said Ron Nersesian, Keysight president and CEO. "We repurchased $42 million of common stock ...
                                









Keysight Technologies, Georgia Tech Announce Plan to Launch Keysight Software Development Center


                                May 18, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... opportunities and innovation that our new software development center will generate," said Ron Nersesian, Keysight president and CEO. "Georgia Tech has one of the largest ...
                                









Keysight Technologies, Datang Telecom Sign MOU to Establish Strategic Partnership on Research, Development of 5G Communication Technologies


                                May 17, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... glad to establish our 5G strategic partnership with Datang Telecom Group," said Ron Nersesian, president and CEO of Keysight Technologies. "Keysight will strengthen its investment ...
                                









Keysight Technologies to Present at J.P. Morgan Global Technology, Media and Telecom Conference


                                May 10, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... financial community: Tuesday, May 24 at 10:00 a.m. ET / 7:00 a.m. PTTime:BostonLocation:Ron Nersesian, president and chief executive officerPresenter:J.P. Morgan Global Technology, Media and Telecom ...
                                









Keysight Technologies, Spreadtrum Communications Announce MoU to Collaborate on Mobile Chipset Advanced Technology


                                February 24, 2016                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... the technology center, which is expected to open publicly in May 2016. Ron Nersesian, president and CEO of Keysight Technologies and Dr. Leo Li, Chairman ...
                                









Keysight Technologies Reports First Quarter 2016 Results


                                February 18, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... our business and create value for our customers, partners and shareholders," said Ron Nersesian, Keysight president and CEO. "While macroeconomic headwinds continue to impact our ...
                                









Trimble Announces Notice of Hearing and Proposed Class Action Settlement


                                February 11, 2016                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... Merit E. Janow, Ulf Johansson, Mark S. Peek, Nickolas W. Vande Steeg, Ron Nersesian, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, Case No. 1-15-cv-27798. * * * KESSLER ...
                                









Ronald S. Nersesian sold $1.38M worth of shares in Keysight Technologies, Inc. in November 2015


                                December 8, 2015                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










Keysight Technologies Reports Fourth-Quarter and Fiscal 2015 Results


                                November 19, 2015                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... performance contributed to a solid first year as an independent company," said Ron Nersesian, Keysight president and CEO. "Our team's operational discipline drove excellent earnings ...
                                









Keysight Technologies Announces New Organizational Structure


                                November 3, 2015                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... very high, completing our stabilization early, and executing a major acquisition," said Ron Nersesian, Keysight's president and chief executive officer. "The changes that we're announcing ...
                                









San Diego, CA to Host IEEE GLOBECOM 2015


                                October 1, 2015                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... who will talk about "From 4G to 5G: The Evolution of Mobile Communication"Ron Nersesian, President and CEO, Keysight, who will address "The Future of Test ...
                                









Keysight Technologies to Present at Deutsche Bank Technology Conference


                                September 2, 2015                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Keysight Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:KEYS) today announced that Ron Nersesian, president and chief executive officer, and Neil Dougherty, senior vice president ...
                                









Keysight Technologies Reports Third-Quarter 2015 Results


                                August 19, 2015                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... profit performance in the third quarter despite a challenging market environment," said Ron Nersesian, Keysight president and CEO. "Our acquisition of Anite closed ahead of ...
                                







Related News Feeds






Keysight Technologies, Inc.







Alumni of Lehigh University







Ronald S. Nersesian

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Keysight - Wikipedia





















 






Keysight

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Keysight Technologies Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Keysight Technologies, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: KEYS
S&P 400 Component





Industry



Electronics





Founded
2014 (from Agilent and HP)


Founder
Bill Hewlett, David Packard (from HP)


Headquarters
Santa Rosa, California,
United States[1]



Key people

Ronald S. Nersesian
(CEO) & (President)[2]


Products



Electronic measurement equipment





Revenue
US$2.91 billion (2016)[3]



Operating income

US$406 million (2016)[3]



Net income

US$335 million (2016)[3]


Total assets
US$3.80 billion (2016)[3]


Total equity
US$1.51 billion (2016)[3]



Number of employees

10,250 (2015)[2]


Divisions



EEsof EDA
oscilloscopes
vector network analyzers
modular instruments
field instruments
bench instruments





Website
keysight.com


Keysight Technologies, or Keysight, is a US company that manufactures test and measurement equipment and software. In 2014, Keysight was spun off from Agilent Technologies, bringing with it the product lines focused on electronics and radio, leaving Agilent with the chemical and bio-analytical products.
The name is a blend of key and insight, and was chosen to convey that the company "unlocks" "critical or key insights."[2][4]



Contents


1 Products
2 History
3 Awards
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



Products[edit]
Keysight's products include hardware and software for benchtop, modular, and field instruments.[5] Instruments include oscilloscopes, multimeters, logic analyzers, signal generators, spectrum analyzers, vector network analyzers, atomic force microscopes (AFM), automated optical inspection, automated X-ray inspection (5DX), in-circuit testers, power supplies and handheld tools. In addition, it produces electronic design automation (EDA) software (EEsof division). It mainly serves the telecommunications, aerospace/defense, industrial, computer, and semiconductor industries.[6]
History[edit]
Prior to its existence as an independent company, the group that became Keysight was the electronic test and measurement division of first Hewlett-Packard, and later Agilent. HP began as a company making electronic test equipment, with the computer and life sciences products coming later. In 1999, HP spun-off all test and measurement products into Agilent and retained the computer and printer businesses.[7] On November 1, 2014, the formal separation of Agilent and Keysight Technologies was completed, with Agilent retaining the life science businesses. The separation was implemented through a spinoff of Keysight’s common stock. Agilent shareholders received one share of Keysight common stock for every two shares of Agilent common stock held October 22, 2014.
In June 2015, Keysight announced it would acquire the UK’s Anite PLC in a deal worth £388 million.[8]
In August 2015, Keysight announced the acquisition of the UK’s Electroservices Enterprises UK Ltd comprising Electroservices (Midlands) Ltd. and Micro Movements Ltd.[9] Micro Movements Ltd., a bespoke electronic measurement solutions business, was originally incorporated in 1994, with expertise in measurement solutions across a broad range of industry sectors. The company was incorporated into Electroservices Enterprises UK Ltd in 2013.
Keysight was listed in a top 50 India’s best companies to Work for 2015.[10]
On January 30, 2017, Keysight agreed to buy Ixia for about $1.6 billion in all-cash, with the deal expected to close by October 2017.[11][12]
Awards[edit]
Keysight won the 2014 Global Frost & Sullivan award for market leadership with $300 million in instrumentation software revenue. The citation states R&D investment of 12% of revenue ($365 million in 2013) as an important factor.[13]
See also[edit]

Agilent Technologies
Hewlett-Packard
Keysight EEsof EDA

References[edit]


^ "Form 10-12B, Registration of securities, for SEC Accession No. 0001047469-14-001833". US Securities and Exchange Commission. 2014-03-05. Retrieved 19 December 2014. 
^ a b c "Keysight Technologies Fact Sheet" (PDF). Keysight. 17 November 2014. Retrieved 19 December 2014. 
^ a b c d e Keysight page at Yahoo! Finance
^ "Agilent Technologies Reveals Name of Electronic Measurement Spin-Off Company". Agilent. 7 January 2014. Retrieved 19 December 2014. 
^ Kelly Hill (December 9, 2014). "After spin-off, Keysight strikes out on its own". RCR Wireless News. Retrieved 2015-01-03. ...high-performance instrumentation approach for benchtop equipment ... also has been adding to its modular portfolio ... as well as portable testing products... 
^ Hindle, Patrick; Lerude, Gary (January 14, 2015). "Keysight Technologies: Reborn". Microwave Journal. Retrieved 2015-01-15. 
^ Rowe, Martin (August 1, 2014). "Goodbye Agilent, hello Keysight". EDN. Retrieved 2015-01-03. Keysight is, of course, the third name for the business, having been the original company started by Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard in 1939. Agilent severed from HP in 1999 and now Bill and Dave's core business is once again independent. 
^ Mamidipudi Soumithri (17 June 2015). "Keysight Technologies to buy UK's Anite in $607 million deal". Reuters. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Keysight Technologies Announces Purchase of Electroservices Enterprises Ltd.". keysight.com (Press release). 2015-08-28. Retrieved 2017-03-09. 
^ Vishal Dhawan (18 July 2015). "India's Best Companies to Work For - Great Place to Work® India". Great Place to Work® Institute. Retrieved 18 July 2015. 
^ Hufford, Austen (January 30, 2017), Keysight to Buy Ixia for About $1.6 Billion, New York City: Wall Street Journal, retrieved January 31, 2017 
^ Baker, Liana B. (2017-01-30). "Keysight Technologies to buy Ixia for $1.6 billion". Reuters. Retrieved 2017-03-09. 
^ "Frost & Sullivan Lauds Keysight Technologies for Maintaining its Lead in the Instrumentation Software Market". Frost & Sullivan. December 3, 2014. Retrieved 2015-01-03. Investing over 12% of its revenues in R&D, resulting into $365 million in its last fiscal year (2013), has led to the company's success, enabling it to introduce new software meeting evolving end-user technologies. 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Keysight Technologies:
Reuters
SEC filings



Top 12 public test and measurement companies by revenue
New Keysight CEO kicks electronic measurement company into overdrive







v
t
e


Agilent Technologies



Company founders



HP
William Hewlett
David Packard
Varian
Russell H. and Sigurd F. Varian
William Webster Hansen
Edward Ginzton
(Agilent spun-off from HP in 1999 and acquired Varian, Inc in 2010)





Board of Directors



James Cullen ("Non-executive Chairman")
William P. Sullivan ("CEO, Director")
Paul N. Clark
Heidi Fields
Robert J. Herbold
Koh Boon Hwee
David M. Lawrence, M.D.
A. Barry Rand
Tadataka Yamada, M.D.





Executive Officers



William P. (Bill) Sullivan
Ron Nersesian
Rick Burdsall
Gooi Soon Chai
Neil Dougherty
Solange Glaize
Jean M. Halloran
Didier Hirsch
Lars Holmkvist
Marie Oh Huber
Mike McMullen
Shiela Barr Robertson
Nick Roelofs
Guy Séné
Darlene J. S. Solomon, Ph.D.
Neil Dougherty
Lon Justice
John Pouk
Stephen Williams





Software



Agilent ChemStation
Agilent VEE
Advanced Design System





Agilent CEOs



Edward W. (Ned) Barnholt
William P. Sullivan





See also



HP
Varian
Verigy
Avago












v
t
e


Hewlett-Packard






HP Inc.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
DXC Technology
Micro Focus





Founders



William Hewlett
David Packard





Directors



Marc Andreessen
Shumeet Banerji
Raj Gupta
Raymond J. Lane
Ann Livermore
Gary M. Reiner
Patricia F. Russo
Jim Skinner
Meg Whitman (Chairman)





Executive Officers



Meg Whitman
Todd Bradley
Dave Donatelli
Martin Fink
Henry Gomez
John Hinshaw
Marty Homlish
George Kadifa
Tracy Keogh
Cathie Lesjak
Mike Nefkens
John F. Schultz
Bill Veghte





Computer hardware products



BladeSystem
Compaq Presario
Business desktops
EliteBook
ZBook
ProBook
Integrity
NonStop
ProLiant
Pavilion
TouchSmart
Mini
HP Envy
Slate 500






Consumer electronics
and accessories




Calculators
Deskjet
Photosmart
LaserJet
iPAQ
LightScribe
Palm
Scitex
Snapfish





Other divisions



3com
ArcSight
Indigo Digital Press
Scitex
HP Insight Software
ProCurve
HP Enterprise Services
TOWER Software





Software



Mercury
Autonomy
WebOS
Vertica
HP QuickPlay
HyperSpace OS
HP-UX
OpenVMS
TippingPoint





Services



HP Helion
HP Cloud





Discontinued products



Compaq Deskpro
Compaq Evo
Compaq Portable
Compaq ProLinea
Compaq ProSignia
Compaq SystemPro
Jornada
OmniBook
OmniGo
iPod+HP
VoodooPC
TouchPad





Closed Division



VoodooPC
Logoworks





HP CEOs



List of HP CEOs in Order
Co-founders William Hewlett and David Packard
John A. Young
Lewis E. Platt
Carly Fiorina
Mark Hurd
Léo Apotheker
Meg Whitman





Assets



HP Garage
HP Labs





See also



Acquisitions
Agilent
Avago Technologies
Verigy
Keysight Technologies
HP spying scandal
Products
Mission: SPACE












v
t
e


Oscilloscopes



Concepts



Types
History
Digital storage oscilloscope
Waveform monitor
Vectorscope
Storage tube





Manufacturers



Atten
BK precision
Fluke
Hameg
Hantek
Instek
LeCroy
Micsig
Keysight
Pico Tech
Rigol
SainSmart
Siglent
Sinometer
Tektronix
TiePie engineering
Yokogawa
Velleman





Software



PicoScope










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Keysight&oldid=788436919"					
Categories: 2014 establishments in the United StatesCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeElectronic test equipment manufacturersElectronics companies of the United StatesHewlett-PackardTechnology companies established in 2014Instrument-making corporations 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançais한국어Nederlands日本語 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 11:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Keysight - Wikipedia





















 






Keysight

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Keysight Technologies Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Keysight Technologies, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: KEYS
S&P 400 Component





Industry



Electronics





Founded
2014 (from Agilent and HP)


Founder
Bill Hewlett, David Packard (from HP)


Headquarters
Santa Rosa, California,
United States[1]



Key people

Ronald S. Nersesian
(CEO) & (President)[2]


Products



Electronic measurement equipment





Revenue
US$2.91 billion (2016)[3]



Operating income

US$406 million (2016)[3]



Net income

US$335 million (2016)[3]


Total assets
US$3.80 billion (2016)[3]


Total equity
US$1.51 billion (2016)[3]



Number of employees

10,250 (2015)[2]


Divisions



EEsof EDA
oscilloscopes
vector network analyzers
modular instruments
field instruments
bench instruments





Website
keysight.com


Keysight Technologies, or Keysight, is a US company that manufactures test and measurement equipment and software. In 2014, Keysight was spun off from Agilent Technologies, bringing with it the product lines focused on electronics and radio, leaving Agilent with the chemical and bio-analytical products.
The name is a blend of key and insight, and was chosen to convey that the company "unlocks" "critical or key insights."[2][4]



Contents


1 Products
2 History
3 Awards
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



Products[edit]
Keysight's products include hardware and software for benchtop, modular, and field instruments.[5] Instruments include oscilloscopes, multimeters, logic analyzers, signal generators, spectrum analyzers, vector network analyzers, atomic force microscopes (AFM), automated optical inspection, automated X-ray inspection (5DX), in-circuit testers, power supplies and handheld tools. In addition, it produces electronic design automation (EDA) software (EEsof division). It mainly serves the telecommunications, aerospace/defense, industrial, computer, and semiconductor industries.[6]
History[edit]
Prior to its existence as an independent company, the group that became Keysight was the electronic test and measurement division of first Hewlett-Packard, and later Agilent. HP began as a company making electronic test equipment, with the computer and life sciences products coming later. In 1999, HP spun-off all test and measurement products into Agilent and retained the computer and printer businesses.[7] On November 1, 2014, the formal separation of Agilent and Keysight Technologies was completed, with Agilent retaining the life science businesses. The separation was implemented through a spinoff of Keysight’s common stock. Agilent shareholders received one share of Keysight common stock for every two shares of Agilent common stock held October 22, 2014.
In June 2015, Keysight announced it would acquire the UK’s Anite PLC in a deal worth £388 million.[8]
In August 2015, Keysight announced the acquisition of the UK’s Electroservices Enterprises UK Ltd comprising Electroservices (Midlands) Ltd. and Micro Movements Ltd.[9] Micro Movements Ltd., a bespoke electronic measurement solutions business, was originally incorporated in 1994, with expertise in measurement solutions across a broad range of industry sectors. The company was incorporated into Electroservices Enterprises UK Ltd in 2013.
Keysight was listed in a top 50 India’s best companies to Work for 2015.[10]
On January 30, 2017, Keysight agreed to buy Ixia for about $1.6 billion in all-cash, with the deal expected to close by October 2017.[11][12]
Awards[edit]
Keysight won the 2014 Global Frost & Sullivan award for market leadership with $300 million in instrumentation software revenue. The citation states R&D investment of 12% of revenue ($365 million in 2013) as an important factor.[13]
See also[edit]

Agilent Technologies
Hewlett-Packard
Keysight EEsof EDA

References[edit]


^ "Form 10-12B, Registration of securities, for SEC Accession No. 0001047469-14-001833". US Securities and Exchange Commission. 2014-03-05. Retrieved 19 December 2014. 
^ a b c "Keysight Technologies Fact Sheet" (PDF). Keysight. 17 November 2014. Retrieved 19 December 2014. 
^ a b c d e Keysight page at Yahoo! Finance
^ "Agilent Technologies Reveals Name of Electronic Measurement Spin-Off Company". Agilent. 7 January 2014. Retrieved 19 December 2014. 
^ Kelly Hill (December 9, 2014). "After spin-off, Keysight strikes out on its own". RCR Wireless News. Retrieved 2015-01-03. ...high-performance instrumentation approach for benchtop equipment ... also has been adding to its modular portfolio ... as well as portable testing products... 
^ Hindle, Patrick; Lerude, Gary (January 14, 2015). "Keysight Technologies: Reborn". Microwave Journal. Retrieved 2015-01-15. 
^ Rowe, Martin (August 1, 2014). "Goodbye Agilent, hello Keysight". EDN. Retrieved 2015-01-03. Keysight is, of course, the third name for the business, having been the original company started by Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard in 1939. Agilent severed from HP in 1999 and now Bill and Dave's core business is once again independent. 
^ Mamidipudi Soumithri (17 June 2015). "Keysight Technologies to buy UK's Anite in $607 million deal". Reuters. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Keysight Technologies Announces Purchase of Electroservices Enterprises Ltd.". keysight.com (Press release). 2015-08-28. Retrieved 2017-03-09. 
^ Vishal Dhawan (18 July 2015). "India's Best Companies to Work For - Great Place to Work® India". Great Place to Work® Institute. Retrieved 18 July 2015. 
^ Hufford, Austen (January 30, 2017), Keysight to Buy Ixia for About $1.6 Billion, New York City: Wall Street Journal, retrieved January 31, 2017 
^ Baker, Liana B. (2017-01-30). "Keysight Technologies to buy Ixia for $1.6 billion". Reuters. Retrieved 2017-03-09. 
^ "Frost & Sullivan Lauds Keysight Technologies for Maintaining its Lead in the Instrumentation Software Market". Frost & Sullivan. December 3, 2014. Retrieved 2015-01-03. Investing over 12% of its revenues in R&D, resulting into $365 million in its last fiscal year (2013), has led to the company's success, enabling it to introduce new software meeting evolving end-user technologies. 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Keysight Technologies:
Reuters
SEC filings



Top 12 public test and measurement companies by revenue
New Keysight CEO kicks electronic measurement company into overdrive







v
t
e


Agilent Technologies



Company founders



HP
William Hewlett
David Packard
Varian
Russell H. and Sigurd F. Varian
William Webster Hansen
Edward Ginzton
(Agilent spun-off from HP in 1999 and acquired Varian, Inc in 2010)





Board of Directors



James Cullen ("Non-executive Chairman")
William P. Sullivan ("CEO, Director")
Paul N. Clark
Heidi Fields
Robert J. Herbold
Koh Boon Hwee
David M. Lawrence, M.D.
A. Barry Rand
Tadataka Yamada, M.D.





Executive Officers



William P. (Bill) Sullivan
Ron Nersesian
Rick Burdsall
Gooi Soon Chai
Neil Dougherty
Solange Glaize
Jean M. Halloran
Didier Hirsch
Lars Holmkvist
Marie Oh Huber
Mike McMullen
Shiela Barr Robertson
Nick Roelofs
Guy Séné
Darlene J. S. Solomon, Ph.D.
Neil Dougherty
Lon Justice
John Pouk
Stephen Williams





Software



Agilent ChemStation
Agilent VEE
Advanced Design System





Agilent CEOs



Edward W. (Ned) Barnholt
William P. Sullivan





See also



HP
Varian
Verigy
Avago












v
t
e


Hewlett-Packard






HP Inc.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
DXC Technology
Micro Focus





Founders



William Hewlett
David Packard





Directors



Marc Andreessen
Shumeet Banerji
Raj Gupta
Raymond J. Lane
Ann Livermore
Gary M. Reiner
Patricia F. Russo
Jim Skinner
Meg Whitman (Chairman)





Executive Officers



Meg Whitman
Todd Bradley
Dave Donatelli
Martin Fink
Henry Gomez
John Hinshaw
Marty Homlish
George Kadifa
Tracy Keogh
Cathie Lesjak
Mike Nefkens
John F. Schultz
Bill Veghte





Computer hardware products



BladeSystem
Compaq Presario
Business desktops
EliteBook
ZBook
ProBook
Integrity
NonStop
ProLiant
Pavilion
TouchSmart
Mini
HP Envy
Slate 500






Consumer electronics
and accessories




Calculators
Deskjet
Photosmart
LaserJet
iPAQ
LightScribe
Palm
Scitex
Snapfish





Other divisions



3com
ArcSight
Indigo Digital Press
Scitex
HP Insight Software
ProCurve
HP Enterprise Services
TOWER Software





Software



Mercury
Autonomy
WebOS
Vertica
HP QuickPlay
HyperSpace OS
HP-UX
OpenVMS
TippingPoint





Services



HP Helion
HP Cloud





Discontinued products



Compaq Deskpro
Compaq Evo
Compaq Portable
Compaq ProLinea
Compaq ProSignia
Compaq SystemPro
Jornada
OmniBook
OmniGo
iPod+HP
VoodooPC
TouchPad





Closed Division



VoodooPC
Logoworks





HP CEOs



List of HP CEOs in Order
Co-founders William Hewlett and David Packard
John A. Young
Lewis E. Platt
Carly Fiorina
Mark Hurd
Léo Apotheker
Meg Whitman





Assets



HP Garage
HP Labs





See also



Acquisitions
Agilent
Avago Technologies
Verigy
Keysight Technologies
HP spying scandal
Products
Mission: SPACE












v
t
e


Oscilloscopes



Concepts



Types
History
Digital storage oscilloscope
Waveform monitor
Vectorscope
Storage tube





Manufacturers



Atten
BK precision
Fluke
Hameg
Hantek
Instek
LeCroy
Micsig
Keysight
Pico Tech
Rigol
SainSmart
Siglent
Sinometer
Tektronix
TiePie engineering
Yokogawa
Velleman





Software



PicoScope










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Keysight&oldid=788436919"					
Categories: 2014 establishments in the United StatesCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeElectronic test equipment manufacturersElectronics companies of the United StatesHewlett-PackardTechnology companies established in 2014Instrument-making corporations 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançais한국어Nederlands日本語 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 11:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Keysight - Wikipedia





















 






Keysight

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Keysight Technologies Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Keysight Technologies, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: KEYS
S&P 400 Component





Industry



Electronics





Founded
2014 (from Agilent and HP)


Founder
Bill Hewlett, David Packard (from HP)


Headquarters
Santa Rosa, California,
United States[1]



Key people

Ronald S. Nersesian
(CEO) & (President)[2]


Products



Electronic measurement equipment





Revenue
US$2.91 billion (2016)[3]



Operating income

US$406 million (2016)[3]



Net income

US$335 million (2016)[3]


Total assets
US$3.80 billion (2016)[3]


Total equity
US$1.51 billion (2016)[3]



Number of employees

10,250 (2015)[2]


Divisions



EEsof EDA
oscilloscopes
vector network analyzers
modular instruments
field instruments
bench instruments





Website
keysight.com


Keysight Technologies, or Keysight, is a US company that manufactures test and measurement equipment and software. In 2014, Keysight was spun off from Agilent Technologies, bringing with it the product lines focused on electronics and radio, leaving Agilent with the chemical and bio-analytical products.
The name is a blend of key and insight, and was chosen to convey that the company "unlocks" "critical or key insights."[2][4]



Contents


1 Products
2 History
3 Awards
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



Products[edit]
Keysight's products include hardware and software for benchtop, modular, and field instruments.[5] Instruments include oscilloscopes, multimeters, logic analyzers, signal generators, spectrum analyzers, vector network analyzers, atomic force microscopes (AFM), automated optical inspection, automated X-ray inspection (5DX), in-circuit testers, power supplies and handheld tools. In addition, it produces electronic design automation (EDA) software (EEsof division). It mainly serves the telecommunications, aerospace/defense, industrial, computer, and semiconductor industries.[6]
History[edit]
Prior to its existence as an independent company, the group that became Keysight was the electronic test and measurement division of first Hewlett-Packard, and later Agilent. HP began as a company making electronic test equipment, with the computer and life sciences products coming later. In 1999, HP spun-off all test and measurement products into Agilent and retained the computer and printer businesses.[7] On November 1, 2014, the formal separation of Agilent and Keysight Technologies was completed, with Agilent retaining the life science businesses. The separation was implemented through a spinoff of Keysight’s common stock. Agilent shareholders received one share of Keysight common stock for every two shares of Agilent common stock held October 22, 2014.
In June 2015, Keysight announced it would acquire the UK’s Anite PLC in a deal worth £388 million.[8]
In August 2015, Keysight announced the acquisition of the UK’s Electroservices Enterprises UK Ltd comprising Electroservices (Midlands) Ltd. and Micro Movements Ltd.[9] Micro Movements Ltd., a bespoke electronic measurement solutions business, was originally incorporated in 1994, with expertise in measurement solutions across a broad range of industry sectors. The company was incorporated into Electroservices Enterprises UK Ltd in 2013.
Keysight was listed in a top 50 India’s best companies to Work for 2015.[10]
On January 30, 2017, Keysight agreed to buy Ixia for about $1.6 billion in all-cash, with the deal expected to close by October 2017.[11][12]
Awards[edit]
Keysight won the 2014 Global Frost & Sullivan award for market leadership with $300 million in instrumentation software revenue. The citation states R&D investment of 12% of revenue ($365 million in 2013) as an important factor.[13]
See also[edit]

Agilent Technologies
Hewlett-Packard
Keysight EEsof EDA

References[edit]


^ "Form 10-12B, Registration of securities, for SEC Accession No. 0001047469-14-001833". US Securities and Exchange Commission. 2014-03-05. Retrieved 19 December 2014. 
^ a b c "Keysight Technologies Fact Sheet" (PDF). Keysight. 17 November 2014. Retrieved 19 December 2014. 
^ a b c d e Keysight page at Yahoo! Finance
^ "Agilent Technologies Reveals Name of Electronic Measurement Spin-Off Company". Agilent. 7 January 2014. Retrieved 19 December 2014. 
^ Kelly Hill (December 9, 2014). "After spin-off, Keysight strikes out on its own". RCR Wireless News. Retrieved 2015-01-03. ...high-performance instrumentation approach for benchtop equipment ... also has been adding to its modular portfolio ... as well as portable testing products... 
^ Hindle, Patrick; Lerude, Gary (January 14, 2015). "Keysight Technologies: Reborn". Microwave Journal. Retrieved 2015-01-15. 
^ Rowe, Martin (August 1, 2014). "Goodbye Agilent, hello Keysight". EDN. Retrieved 2015-01-03. Keysight is, of course, the third name for the business, having been the original company started by Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard in 1939. Agilent severed from HP in 1999 and now Bill and Dave's core business is once again independent. 
^ Mamidipudi Soumithri (17 June 2015). "Keysight Technologies to buy UK's Anite in $607 million deal". Reuters. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Keysight Technologies Announces Purchase of Electroservices Enterprises Ltd.". keysight.com (Press release). 2015-08-28. Retrieved 2017-03-09. 
^ Vishal Dhawan (18 July 2015). "India's Best Companies to Work For - Great Place to Work® India". Great Place to Work® Institute. Retrieved 18 July 2015. 
^ Hufford, Austen (January 30, 2017), Keysight to Buy Ixia for About $1.6 Billion, New York City: Wall Street Journal, retrieved January 31, 2017 
^ Baker, Liana B. (2017-01-30). "Keysight Technologies to buy Ixia for $1.6 billion". Reuters. Retrieved 2017-03-09. 
^ "Frost & Sullivan Lauds Keysight Technologies for Maintaining its Lead in the Instrumentation Software Market". Frost & Sullivan. December 3, 2014. Retrieved 2015-01-03. Investing over 12% of its revenues in R&D, resulting into $365 million in its last fiscal year (2013), has led to the company's success, enabling it to introduce new software meeting evolving end-user technologies. 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Keysight Technologies:
Reuters
SEC filings



Top 12 public test and measurement companies by revenue
New Keysight CEO kicks electronic measurement company into overdrive







v
t
e


Agilent Technologies



Company founders



HP
William Hewlett
David Packard
Varian
Russell H. and Sigurd F. Varian
William Webster Hansen
Edward Ginzton
(Agilent spun-off from HP in 1999 and acquired Varian, Inc in 2010)





Board of Directors



James Cullen ("Non-executive Chairman")
William P. Sullivan ("CEO, Director")
Paul N. Clark
Heidi Fields
Robert J. Herbold
Koh Boon Hwee
David M. Lawrence, M.D.
A. Barry Rand
Tadataka Yamada, M.D.





Executive Officers



William P. (Bill) Sullivan
Ron Nersesian
Rick Burdsall
Gooi Soon Chai
Neil Dougherty
Solange Glaize
Jean M. Halloran
Didier Hirsch
Lars Holmkvist
Marie Oh Huber
Mike McMullen
Shiela Barr Robertson
Nick Roelofs
Guy Séné
Darlene J. S. Solomon, Ph.D.
Neil Dougherty
Lon Justice
John Pouk
Stephen Williams





Software



Agilent ChemStation
Agilent VEE
Advanced Design System





Agilent CEOs



Edward W. (Ned) Barnholt
William P. Sullivan





See also



HP
Varian
Verigy
Avago












v
t
e


Hewlett-Packard






HP Inc.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
DXC Technology
Micro Focus





Founders



William Hewlett
David Packard





Directors



Marc Andreessen
Shumeet Banerji
Raj Gupta
Raymond J. Lane
Ann Livermore
Gary M. Reiner
Patricia F. Russo
Jim Skinner
Meg Whitman (Chairman)





Executive Officers



Meg Whitman
Todd Bradley
Dave Donatelli
Martin Fink
Henry Gomez
John Hinshaw
Marty Homlish
George Kadifa
Tracy Keogh
Cathie Lesjak
Mike Nefkens
John F. Schultz
Bill Veghte





Computer hardware products



BladeSystem
Compaq Presario
Business desktops
EliteBook
ZBook
ProBook
Integrity
NonStop
ProLiant
Pavilion
TouchSmart
Mini
HP Envy
Slate 500






Consumer electronics
and accessories




Calculators
Deskjet
Photosmart
LaserJet
iPAQ
LightScribe
Palm
Scitex
Snapfish





Other divisions



3com
ArcSight
Indigo Digital Press
Scitex
HP Insight Software
ProCurve
HP Enterprise Services
TOWER Software





Software



Mercury
Autonomy
WebOS
Vertica
HP QuickPlay
HyperSpace OS
HP-UX
OpenVMS
TippingPoint





Services



HP Helion
HP Cloud





Discontinued products



Compaq Deskpro
Compaq Evo
Compaq Portable
Compaq ProLinea
Compaq ProSignia
Compaq SystemPro
Jornada
OmniBook
OmniGo
iPod+HP
VoodooPC
TouchPad





Closed Division



VoodooPC
Logoworks





HP CEOs



List of HP CEOs in Order
Co-founders William Hewlett and David Packard
John A. Young
Lewis E. Platt
Carly Fiorina
Mark Hurd
Léo Apotheker
Meg Whitman





Assets



HP Garage
HP Labs





See also



Acquisitions
Agilent
Avago Technologies
Verigy
Keysight Technologies
HP spying scandal
Products
Mission: SPACE












v
t
e


Oscilloscopes



Concepts



Types
History
Digital storage oscilloscope
Waveform monitor
Vectorscope
Storage tube





Manufacturers



Atten
BK precision
Fluke
Hameg
Hantek
Instek
LeCroy
Micsig
Keysight
Pico Tech
Rigol
SainSmart
Siglent
Sinometer
Tektronix
TiePie engineering
Yokogawa
Velleman





Software



PicoScope










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Keysight&oldid=788436919"					
Categories: 2014 establishments in the United StatesCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeElectronic test equipment manufacturersElectronics companies of the United StatesHewlett-PackardTechnology companies established in 2014Instrument-making corporations 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançais한국어Nederlands日本語 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 11:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Keysight - Wikipedia





















 






Keysight

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Keysight Technologies Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Keysight Technologies, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: KEYS
S&P 400 Component





Industry



Electronics





Founded
2014 (from Agilent and HP)


Founder
Bill Hewlett, David Packard (from HP)


Headquarters
Santa Rosa, California,
United States[1]



Key people

Ronald S. Nersesian
(CEO) & (President)[2]


Products



Electronic measurement equipment





Revenue
US$2.91 billion (2016)[3]



Operating income

US$406 million (2016)[3]



Net income

US$335 million (2016)[3]


Total assets
US$3.80 billion (2016)[3]


Total equity
US$1.51 billion (2016)[3]



Number of employees

10,250 (2015)[2]


Divisions



EEsof EDA
oscilloscopes
vector network analyzers
modular instruments
field instruments
bench instruments





Website
keysight.com


Keysight Technologies, or Keysight, is a US company that manufactures test and measurement equipment and software. In 2014, Keysight was spun off from Agilent Technologies, bringing with it the product lines focused on electronics and radio, leaving Agilent with the chemical and bio-analytical products.
The name is a blend of key and insight, and was chosen to convey that the company "unlocks" "critical or key insights."[2][4]



Contents


1 Products
2 History
3 Awards
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



Products[edit]
Keysight's products include hardware and software for benchtop, modular, and field instruments.[5] Instruments include oscilloscopes, multimeters, logic analyzers, signal generators, spectrum analyzers, vector network analyzers, atomic force microscopes (AFM), automated optical inspection, automated X-ray inspection (5DX), in-circuit testers, power supplies and handheld tools. In addition, it produces electronic design automation (EDA) software (EEsof division). It mainly serves the telecommunications, aerospace/defense, industrial, computer, and semiconductor industries.[6]
History[edit]
Prior to its existence as an independent company, the group that became Keysight was the electronic test and measurement division of first Hewlett-Packard, and later Agilent. HP began as a company making electronic test equipment, with the computer and life sciences products coming later. In 1999, HP spun-off all test and measurement products into Agilent and retained the computer and printer businesses.[7] On November 1, 2014, the formal separation of Agilent and Keysight Technologies was completed, with Agilent retaining the life science businesses. The separation was implemented through a spinoff of Keysight’s common stock. Agilent shareholders received one share of Keysight common stock for every two shares of Agilent common stock held October 22, 2014.
In June 2015, Keysight announced it would acquire the UK’s Anite PLC in a deal worth £388 million.[8]
In August 2015, Keysight announced the acquisition of the UK’s Electroservices Enterprises UK Ltd comprising Electroservices (Midlands) Ltd. and Micro Movements Ltd.[9] Micro Movements Ltd., a bespoke electronic measurement solutions business, was originally incorporated in 1994, with expertise in measurement solutions across a broad range of industry sectors. The company was incorporated into Electroservices Enterprises UK Ltd in 2013.
Keysight was listed in a top 50 India’s best companies to Work for 2015.[10]
On January 30, 2017, Keysight agreed to buy Ixia for about $1.6 billion in all-cash, with the deal expected to close by October 2017.[11][12]
Awards[edit]
Keysight won the 2014 Global Frost & Sullivan award for market leadership with $300 million in instrumentation software revenue. The citation states R&D investment of 12% of revenue ($365 million in 2013) as an important factor.[13]
See also[edit]

Agilent Technologies
Hewlett-Packard
Keysight EEsof EDA

References[edit]


^ "Form 10-12B, Registration of securities, for SEC Accession No. 0001047469-14-001833". US Securities and Exchange Commission. 2014-03-05. Retrieved 19 December 2014. 
^ a b c "Keysight Technologies Fact Sheet" (PDF). Keysight. 17 November 2014. Retrieved 19 December 2014. 
^ a b c d e Keysight page at Yahoo! Finance
^ "Agilent Technologies Reveals Name of Electronic Measurement Spin-Off Company". Agilent. 7 January 2014. Retrieved 19 December 2014. 
^ Kelly Hill (December 9, 2014). "After spin-off, Keysight strikes out on its own". RCR Wireless News. Retrieved 2015-01-03. ...high-performance instrumentation approach for benchtop equipment ... also has been adding to its modular portfolio ... as well as portable testing products... 
^ Hindle, Patrick; Lerude, Gary (January 14, 2015). "Keysight Technologies: Reborn". Microwave Journal. Retrieved 2015-01-15. 
^ Rowe, Martin (August 1, 2014). "Goodbye Agilent, hello Keysight". EDN. Retrieved 2015-01-03. Keysight is, of course, the third name for the business, having been the original company started by Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard in 1939. Agilent severed from HP in 1999 and now Bill and Dave's core business is once again independent. 
^ Mamidipudi Soumithri (17 June 2015). "Keysight Technologies to buy UK's Anite in $607 million deal". Reuters. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Keysight Technologies Announces Purchase of Electroservices Enterprises Ltd.". keysight.com (Press release). 2015-08-28. Retrieved 2017-03-09. 
^ Vishal Dhawan (18 July 2015). "India's Best Companies to Work For - Great Place to Work® India". Great Place to Work® Institute. Retrieved 18 July 2015. 
^ Hufford, Austen (January 30, 2017), Keysight to Buy Ixia for About $1.6 Billion, New York City: Wall Street Journal, retrieved January 31, 2017 
^ Baker, Liana B. (2017-01-30). "Keysight Technologies to buy Ixia for $1.6 billion". Reuters. Retrieved 2017-03-09. 
^ "Frost & Sullivan Lauds Keysight Technologies for Maintaining its Lead in the Instrumentation Software Market". Frost & Sullivan. December 3, 2014. Retrieved 2015-01-03. Investing over 12% of its revenues in R&D, resulting into $365 million in its last fiscal year (2013), has led to the company's success, enabling it to introduce new software meeting evolving end-user technologies. 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Keysight Technologies:
Reuters
SEC filings



Top 12 public test and measurement companies by revenue
New Keysight CEO kicks electronic measurement company into overdrive







v
t
e


Agilent Technologies



Company founders



HP
William Hewlett
David Packard
Varian
Russell H. and Sigurd F. Varian
William Webster Hansen
Edward Ginzton
(Agilent spun-off from HP in 1999 and acquired Varian, Inc in 2010)





Board of Directors



James Cullen ("Non-executive Chairman")
William P. Sullivan ("CEO, Director")
Paul N. Clark
Heidi Fields
Robert J. Herbold
Koh Boon Hwee
David M. Lawrence, M.D.
A. Barry Rand
Tadataka Yamada, M.D.





Executive Officers



William P. (Bill) Sullivan
Ron Nersesian
Rick Burdsall
Gooi Soon Chai
Neil Dougherty
Solange Glaize
Jean M. Halloran
Didier Hirsch
Lars Holmkvist
Marie Oh Huber
Mike McMullen
Shiela Barr Robertson
Nick Roelofs
Guy Séné
Darlene J. S. Solomon, Ph.D.
Neil Dougherty
Lon Justice
John Pouk
Stephen Williams





Software



Agilent ChemStation
Agilent VEE
Advanced Design System





Agilent CEOs



Edward W. (Ned) Barnholt
William P. Sullivan





See also



HP
Varian
Verigy
Avago












v
t
e


Hewlett-Packard






HP Inc.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
DXC Technology
Micro Focus





Founders



William Hewlett
David Packard





Directors



Marc Andreessen
Shumeet Banerji
Raj Gupta
Raymond J. Lane
Ann Livermore
Gary M. Reiner
Patricia F. Russo
Jim Skinner
Meg Whitman (Chairman)





Executive Officers



Meg Whitman
Todd Bradley
Dave Donatelli
Martin Fink
Henry Gomez
John Hinshaw
Marty Homlish
George Kadifa
Tracy Keogh
Cathie Lesjak
Mike Nefkens
John F. Schultz
Bill Veghte





Computer hardware products



BladeSystem
Compaq Presario
Business desktops
EliteBook
ZBook
ProBook
Integrity
NonStop
ProLiant
Pavilion
TouchSmart
Mini
HP Envy
Slate 500






Consumer electronics
and accessories




Calculators
Deskjet
Photosmart
LaserJet
iPAQ
LightScribe
Palm
Scitex
Snapfish





Other divisions



3com
ArcSight
Indigo Digital Press
Scitex
HP Insight Software
ProCurve
HP Enterprise Services
TOWER Software





Software



Mercury
Autonomy
WebOS
Vertica
HP QuickPlay
HyperSpace OS
HP-UX
OpenVMS
TippingPoint





Services



HP Helion
HP Cloud





Discontinued products



Compaq Deskpro
Compaq Evo
Compaq Portable
Compaq ProLinea
Compaq ProSignia
Compaq SystemPro
Jornada
OmniBook
OmniGo
iPod+HP
VoodooPC
TouchPad





Closed Division



VoodooPC
Logoworks





HP CEOs



List of HP CEOs in Order
Co-founders William Hewlett and David Packard
John A. Young
Lewis E. Platt
Carly Fiorina
Mark Hurd
Léo Apotheker
Meg Whitman





Assets



HP Garage
HP Labs





See also



Acquisitions
Agilent
Avago Technologies
Verigy
Keysight Technologies
HP spying scandal
Products
Mission: SPACE












v
t
e


Oscilloscopes



Concepts



Types
History
Digital storage oscilloscope
Waveform monitor
Vectorscope
Storage tube





Manufacturers



Atten
BK precision
Fluke
Hameg
Hantek
Instek
LeCroy
Micsig
Keysight
Pico Tech
Rigol
SainSmart
Siglent
Sinometer
Tektronix
TiePie engineering
Yokogawa
Velleman





Software



PicoScope










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Keysight&oldid=788436919"					
Categories: 2014 establishments in the United StatesCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeElectronic test equipment manufacturersElectronics companies of the United StatesHewlett-PackardTechnology companies established in 2014Instrument-making corporations 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançais한국어Nederlands日本語 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 11:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Keysight Technologies (KEYS) Ronald S. Nersesian on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Keysight Technologies (KEYS) Ronald S. Nersesian on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptFeb.18.16 | About: Keysight Technologies (KEYS) Keysight Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:KEYS)
Q1 2016 Earnings Call
February 18, 2016 4:30 pm ET
Executives
Jason A. Kary - Treasurer, Investor Relations & Vice President
Ronald S. Nersesian - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Neil P. Dougherty - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Michael C. Gasparian - Senior Vice President and President, Communications Solutions Group
Analysts
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Anjaya Shrestha - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Keysight Technologies Fiscal First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Tracy, and I will be your lead operator today. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this call is being recorded today, Thursday, February 18, 2016, at 1:30 P.M. Pacific Time.
I would now like to hand the conference over to Jason Kary, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Kary.
Jason A. Kary - Treasurer, Investor Relations & Vice President
Thank you, and welcome everyone to Keysight's first quarter earnings conference call for fiscal year 2016.
With me are Ron Nersesian, Keysight's President and CEO; and Neil Dougherty, Keysight's Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining in the Q&A after Neil's comments will be Mike Gasparian, Senior Vice President of the Communications Solutions Group; Gooi Soon Chai, Senior Vice President of the Industrial Solutions Group; John Page, Senior Vice President of the Services Solutions Group; and Guy Sene, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales.
You can find the press release and information to supplement today's discussion on our website at investor.keysight.com. While there, please click on the link for Quarterly Reports under the Financial Information tab. There you'll find an investor presentation along with Keysight's segment results. We will also post a copy of the prepared remarks following this call.
Today's comments by Ron and Neil will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. You will find the most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations on our website. We will make forward-looking statements about the financial performance of the company today. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are only valid as of today. The company assumes no obligation to update them. Please review the company's recent SEC filings for a more complete picture of our risks and other factors.
And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Ron.
Ronald S. Nersesian - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thank you, Jason, and thank you, all for joining us. Keysight delivered strong first quarter results, driven by our operational discipline. We continue to execute on our key initiatives as we transform our business and create value for our customers, partners, and shareholders.
We will focus today discussing on three important headlines. First, our first quarter financial results were strong with earnings and revenue both above the midpoint of our guidance and we made solid progress on our four growth initiatives. Second, we remain committed to delivering solid profitability in line with our operating model despite macro headwinds.
We are currently actions to exercise the cost flexibility of the model to delivery high-teens operating margin in this environment. At the same time, we are executing our strategy and making the R&D investments that should drive above market performance when markets stabilize.
And third, consistent with our phased approach to return of capital, the board of directors has authorized a $200 million share repurchase program. This action demonstrates our confidence in our ability to achieve above market growth in the long-term and our commitment to delivering shareholder value.

Now let's start with an overview of Keysight's first quarter performance. In Q1, revenue grew 4% year-over-year and we delivered $0.55 in earnings per share, which was $0.04 above the midpoint of our guidance.
Revenue for the quarter grew to $726 million, including revenue from our recent acquisitions. On a core basis, which excludes revenue from acquisitions and the impact of currency, revenue declined 1%, consistent with our expectations.
We continued to execute on our strategic growth initiatives and are building momentum in these areas with innovative solutions that help customers design leading edge technologies and bring their products to market faster.
First, in wireless, we are making solid progress on affirming Keysight as the market leader in 5G, including forming long-term strategic partnerships. In the first quarter, while off a small base, orders for 5G solutions more than doubled year-over-year and grew over 50% sequentially, as customers invest in early 5G research.
We continue to collaborate with consortiums, working to establish worldwide 5G standards. We are the first company to offer a commercial 5G channel sounding solution. Our solution includes our channel sounding reference solution, instrumentation to measure and interpret how signals behave at high frequencies, and our industry leading SystemVue design and simulation software to develop and validate new designs.
We are proud to announce that in the first quarter a leading research center in China selected our 5G channel sounding solution as the foundation for their 5G channel modeling research. Our 5G channel sounding solution is now used in research centers in the U.K., Malaysia and China, and it has enabled us to secure several competitive wins.
Early strategic relationships with research centers around the globe are critical to our 5G leadership in the longer term. We will showcase our 5G channel sounding solution along with our 5G beamforming and 802.11ad testing and design tools at Mobile World Congress, where I will be next week with the Keysight team.
Outside of 5G, we are gaining momentum with our newly introduced LTE-Advanced RF conformance solutions. This combined software and hardware solution offers best-in-class coverage for 3GPP industry standards and the flexibility for future technology evolutions. In the first quarter, two major chipset vendors, two leading carriers and a major testing lab, each selected our LTE-Advanced solution for testing complex radios with multiple bands and carriers.
Moving to our modular initiative, our PXI and AXIe modular products, again, delivered solid double-digit growth. New products in high-speed digital and optical solutions drove our modular growth this quarter. Introducing new modular solutions to market is a key component to expanding our share in this growing part of our market. In the quarter, we introduced our first PXI reference solution for military, public safety and avionics radio test. Additionally, for the automotive market, we introduced the Body and Safety Electronics reference solution that includes both instruments and software.
Moving to our software growth initiative, we continue to realize strong year-over-year revenue growth for our market leading design and simulation software solutions. As an example of our continued success with this platform, we recently were awarded a $12 million multi-year software contract from a major wireless customer. Keysight's design and simulation software is used by two-thirds of the world's high-frequency designers.
You can see from the wireless and modular products I just mentioned that software solutions play an important role in our strategy to expand our business. Furthermore, the addition of Anite broadens our software portfolio. Our integration efforts are going well and tracking to expectations. And, by leveraging the Keysight sales force, we have identified additional opportunities to sell Anite solutions into our Aerospace and Defense market. We plan to meet many of our joint Anite and Keysight customers at Mobile World Congress, where we will be also showcasing Anite's recently launched Virtual Drive Testing Toolset that was already selected by a major mobile operator in China to verify mobile device performance in high-speed train scenarios.

And lastly, looking at our services initiative, we continue to secure new business in North America and Europe with our multi-vendor calibration and asset management capabilities. When adjusted to exclude the impact of the three-year warranty program and currency, our services revenue grew 11% year-over-year.
We are partnering with our customers to create value and help them manage assets and costs. For example, we recently worked with an Aerospace and Defense customer to measurably improve the use of their assets, reduce test time and increase yields – all in an effort to reduce test and design engineering and capital equipment expense. Our services plan included test system integration, test flow consulting and instrument and system level software functionality. And while we provided great value in helping this customer reduce their overall design expenses, their spending with Keysight more than tripled year-over-year.
Moving on to our markets, as we discussed in November, we expected macro factors to suppress first half market growth. While orders tracked to our expectations for the majority of the quarter, we saw a significant slowdown in January as weakening macro factors in the broader markets negatively impact sentiment towards capital expense purchases. This effected order patterns across our end markets with the most notable pullback in Communications where our wireless supply chain customers paused spending following lowered estimates for wireless component and smartphone shipments. As a result, first quarter orders were down 2% year-over-year, and this is reflected in our second quarter guidance, which Neil will discuss in more detail.
While we continue to see continued market softness in the near term, we remain committed to delivering profit within our operating model and at the same time investing in our growth initiatives. We believe Keysight is well positioned to grow when the market stabilizes and customers reaccelerate capital investments. The progress we made on our growth initiatives in the first quarter demonstrates that we are investing in the right areas and are creating value for our customers and partners by bringing leading edge solutions and services to market.
While strategic M&A remains our priority use of cash, the $200 million share repurchase program we announced today reflects our confidence in our strategy and our ability to achieve above market growth in the long-term.
Now I will turn the call over to Neil to provide more details on our Q1 financial results, as well as our second-quarter guidance.
Neil P. Dougherty - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Thank you, Ron, and hello, everyone. Today we reported first quarter total non-GAAP revenue of $726 million that was above the midpoint of our guidance. On a year-over-year basis, this represents 4% growth. On a core basis, which excludes the impact of currency and acquisitions, revenue declined 1% year-over-year in line with our expectations. GAAP revenue for the quarter was $721 million, which excludes certain accounting adjustments associated with revaluing pre-acquisition deferred revenue from Anite.
Looking at our top line performance by end market, Communications revenue grew 8% year-over-year including revenue from Anite. Excluding Anite, Communications revenue decreased in the low double-digit range year-over-year as restructuring and consolidation activities impacted spending patterns and softness from customers in the smartphone supply chain outweighed growth in LTE-Advanced and 5G technology.
Revenue from Aerospace and Defense was $171 million, a decline of $3 million or 1% from last year's first quarter, which was the high point for 2015. Growth in the U.S. for our Aerospace and Defense solutions was offset by continued softness in Europe and Asia.

First quarter Industrial, Computer and Semiconductor revenue grew 3% driven by strong sales from our instrument and parametric test products and next generation processor testing.
Regionally, and on a core basis, revenue was flat in the Americas, up 1% in Europe and grew 16% in Japan. Revenue in Asia excluding Japan declined 7%. The regional mix of total revenue was 38% from the Americas, 20% from Europe, and 42% from Asia.
Our first quarter operational results were strong with gross margin increasing to 56.6%, a 100 basis point improvement year-over-year as a result of a higher percentage of software and R&D revenue. Expenses were well-managed while we continued to invest in R&D programs in support of our growth initiatives. Operating expenses totaled $282 million, including the first full quarter of Anite spending.
Operating margin was 17.8 %, in line with the prior year. Our industry-leading margins result from our continued operational discipline and the proactive management of our cost structure across the cycle. Non-GAAP net income after taxes was $95 million, or $0.55 per share, which was above the midpoint of our guidance range.
Moving to the results of our two operating segments. Measurement Solutions generated first quarter revenue of $631 million, an increase of 4% including revenue from Anite. Operating margin for Measurement Solutions was 18.3%.
The Customer Support and Services segment generated revenue of $95 million in Q1, up 2% on a core basis, with an operating margin of 13.9%. As a reminder, the Services business has a higher fixed cost structure when compared to our Measurement Solutions business. The Q1 cost structure also reflects the investments we are making in additional capacity to expand our multi-vendor calibration and asset management services.
Moving to the balance sheet and cash flow, we ended the quarter with $572 million in cash and cash equivalents, of which approximately 75% is located offshore. In the quarter, we generated $92 million in cash flow from operations. As I mentioned last quarter, cash flow is seasonally lower in Q1 due to the payout of variable compensation. In addition, we had higher capital purchases this quarter totaling $34 million, which brought our free cash flow to $58 million.
As Ron mentioned, our board has authorized a share repurchase program of up to $200 million. The new repurchase program goes into effect immediately and shares may be purchased from time to time. The program will be funded from current and future cash flows, and is consistent with our phased approach to return of capital. While we remain focused on identifying M&A opportunities that will help us achieve our growth objectives, this repurchase authorization reflects our confidence in our growth opportunities and strong cash flow generation.
Turning to our outlook and guidance for the second quarter. Taking into account our order performance in the first quarter and the broader market sentiment, we expect Q2 non-GAAP revenue to be in the range of $695 million to $735 million, which at the midpoint reflects a 3% decline, or 9% on a core basis. With our ongoing attention to cost management and the leverage and flexibility of our operating model, we expect to deliver operating profit in the high-teens, while continuing to invest in the growth areas of our business. Balancing these factors, we expect second quarter non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $0.48 to $0.62 and our weighted diluted share count to be approximately 173 million shares.
With that, I will now turn it back to Jason for the Q&A.
Jason A. Kary - Treasurer, Investor Relations & Vice President
Thank you, Neil. Tracy, will you please give the instructions for the Q&A?
Question-and-Answer Session

Operator
And your first question comes from the line of Richard Eastman from Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Okay. Yes. Ron, could you maybe speak a little bit to the Communications business? And excluding Anite, which looks like it came in from a revenue standpoint about as expected, just speak to the core decline in Communications. I think math suggests maybe around 12%. Just a little bit of color on the pieces there. And maybe on the order side, how did orders fare in the quarter for the Comm business?
Ronald S. Nersesian - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Sure, Rick. I'll turn this over to Mike Gasparian who leads that business, but let me make a couple of comments. You're right, on a core basis, we were down 11%. There are a couple things that are going on in the industry. First, there is consolidation of some players, there's restructuring, also and both of those things lead to a rationalization of spending. On top of that, you've heard about some of the contraction in the smartphone supply chain that's going on from some big players.
So that's the macro picture of what's going on in the market overall. Our strategy has been, and it's been a multiyear strategy and we continue to make progress on it, is to move from wireless manufacturing to more of our business in wireless R&D. Wireless R&D has higher gross margins. It is a business that is more differentiated than manufacturing and is less cyclical or has less volatility than manufacturing. And I'm glad to report that our wireless R&D business is bigger than our wireless manufacturing business now by a good bit. And we'll continue to move towards a larger and larger percentage of our business being in wireless R&D with Anite being added.
Our wireless R&D business with Anite grew, our wireless manufacturing business contracted and our other Communications which leads really into a lot of the fiber and a lot of the backhaul Communications also grew on a revenue basis.
So, with that, I'll turn it over to Mike for a few comments.
Michael C. Gasparian - Senior Vice President and President, Communications Solutions Group
Yeah, let me just add little color to that. I think, Ron, outlining a number of short-term factors that will put the Communications market under pressure. Nevertheless we believe there are still excellent long-term growth opportunities in the Communications segment, people will continue to invest in the evolution. As we go from 4G to 5G, there will be many points at which we'll get additional investments. And then we're seeing a really good uptick in the 5G research space. Our 5G orders have doubled in this most recent quarter, it's still on a small base, but it does reflect a number of engagements we have with research institutions around the world, and we have delivered a number of very unique solutions which will be showcasing at Mobile World Congress next week, where several of us will be there interacting with our key customers.
Ronald S. Nersesian - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
And one other comment, a question that you asked Rick was, how our orders in the Communications sector with Anite? Our orders were up slightly in total. So our comps business is up slightly, but that includes an acquisition.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Okay. And just maybe Ron, one other thought. On the modular test side, again good double-digit growth. Is the growth coming heavily or is the growth heavily slanted towards the Communications business (22:33)?
Ronald S. Nersesian - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yes. The Communications business is one significant part, plus also if you look at not only wireless R&D in general, but what we call other Communications, we're seeing a lot digital applications move over to modular. So, we have both of those areas or both of those subgroups in Communications that are moving. But as we expand our portfolio, you'll see more and more solutions in the industrial space too, which will allow us to make some traction against some competitors.

Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Ronald S. Nersesian - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
You're welcome. Thanks, Rick.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC
Thanks, good afternoon. Ron, just sort of a big picture question for you. You've been with this business obviously a long time, been through several cycles over the past decade or so. How do you view the macro environment today relative to let's say the past few cycles? In terms of demand picture and what's different today versus what this business was like ala 2009 or prior?
Ronald S. Nersesian - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Sure. I have seen many cycles over the last 35 years, this one is pretty typical. And to be very honest, we don't have very good visibility on this cycle. There's a lot of things that are being created from the overall macro environment of the markets which is causing folks to hold on to their wallet.
But let me give you some color commentary on to what happened this quarter. Our orders were tracking to expectations right through mid January. And as you know, a lot of the compares that you see, they report results or have reported results through December. But in January, in the middle of January, we saw a market slowdown in our incoming orders, and that's not inconsistent of what you've seen from some other larger players in the overall electronics markets.
This macro uncertainty that is there, has caused people to pull back on CapEx and has caused customers to be much more cautious. So, if you look at that, if your revenue growth for the quarter was 4%, but if you look at our order growth it was minus 2%, but on a core basis it was minus 5%.
And given this macro uncertainty, it's probable that the 2% market growth that we saw before this real, let's say, disconnect in January will probably not play out. Now what we're doing about it is we're taking action. We have an operating model, because we know our business has some cyclicality and this model allows us to deliver strong cash flow and solid double-digit operating margin throughout the cycle.
And as you see, and as Neil mentioned in his script even in Q2, we're planning to deliver upper teens operating margin. And this is all why – while we continue to invest in growth and continue with our strong R&D programs in modular, software, wireless, and services. And we're getting great traction on all of those fronts. So, bringing it back, this cycle is not that untypical. I think when the markets stabilize, you may see some performance begin to return. So little unclear how quickly it will return, but again, we're talking about minus 5% core revenue growth in Q1.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC
Thanks, that's helpful. And just to be clear, do you have a revised market growth outlook for the year? And would that be simply a function of comms, and do I understand your comments that suggests that ICS and the aerospace and defense orders actually held up pretty well through January?
Neil P. Dougherty - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Yeah. We don't have a revised market forecast for the full year. Actually, we'd expect with the kind of inflection point that we saw in orders in mid-January, our visibility out beyond, really beyond more than one quarter is increasingly limited. And so it's very difficult to call. I think as Ron said, it's highly unlikely at this point that we see 2% growth. But we do not have an updated forecast based on the 5% order decline, the core order decline that we saw in Q1.
Ronald S. Nersesian - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
And when we see some of these big macro cycles and while we continue to generate great cash, sometimes it provides great opportunities for us to create value for our shareholders by doing share repurchase programs. We've talked in the past about still, number one, our priority is to fund strategic M&A, but we will be opportunistic when we can create value for our shareholders with buybacks such as we're doing right now. So I really believe we know how (28:08) to manage this business through the cycles to deliver profitability and to create shareholder value for the long term.

Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC
Super. And then one more for Neil, just on the CapEx side, was there something one-time in the front-end loading in the first quarter? And do you have a target that we should expect for the full year?
Neil P. Dougherty - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Yeah. I wouldn't read more into that than it should. Some of the equipment that we buy is longer lead time and the actual cash flowing is a function of acceptance and installation and the rest. But we still intend to manage our overall CapEx budget to the year to the same $90 million to $100 million range that we put out in the past. And so just a little bit of a timing difference caused that to be more front-end loaded this year.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC
Super. Thank you.
Ronald S. Nersesian - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thanks, Brandon.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Newton from Stifel. Your line is now open.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Yeah. Good afternoon, Ron and Neil. Thank you for taking my questions. I'm sorry if missed this in the prepared remarks, but just kind of looking at the Customer Support and Services gross margin below 40% for the first time in our historical model. I'm curious if you could talk through some of the impacts and maybe the duration of some of the pressures there.
Neil P. Dougherty - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Yeah. Happy to do that. If you think about our services business, it's a higher fixed cost business when you compare it to the rest of Keysight. As you can see, our Q1 revenue was – were down in that segment, but that's as compared to kind of the run rates over the second half of last year, they were flat to Q1. But compared to the second half, when profitability was much higher, revenues were down. But you'll notice that the costs in that business are very stable.
As we noted in prior quarters, we're still navigating through a change in our standard warranty from one year to three years, and that impacted the sale of extended warranties in that business and we're still essentially working through the impact to deferred revenue. We're losing about $7 million per quarter in deferred revenue as those previously sold extended warranties work their way through our P&L. This quarter, incidentally, will be the last quarter and we'll be through that, although it'll still be in our compares for remaining year.
But the underlying growth rate of the business is strong. We mentioned the 11% growth rate if you adjust for that warranty impact and for currency, and we're confident that the profitability of that business will be in the upper teens over the longer term as we're continuing to make investments to grow that business, particularly in the areas of multi-vendor calibration and asset management.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Great, okay. And then just a few modular questions for you. I guess just given the double-digit growth that you're seeing in modular in the face of macro headwinds that are hitting the rest of the business, is this growth stemming from the broadening of your portfolio? Is it stemming from share gains? Or conversely, do you think that it's having a negative impact or perhaps cannibalizing the rest of your business? And then could you also remind us the relative size of your modular business currently?
Ronald S. Nersesian - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Sure. First of all, I think it's a mix. Some of the products that we're selling were products that were sold in the past in our feature-rich boxes, but a lot of it is also incremental. There are customers that want modular solutions for some reasons why it is a distinct advantage and we continue to win that business against the competition. Our business, we talked about last year at Investor Day about being approximately $150 million of our new modular products and we talked about that in September and we did achieve or beat the $150 million last year and this year, we're just saying we've grown 11% from Q1.

Neil P. Dougherty - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
The 11% is not a modular growth, we grew – that we grew double digits.
Ronald S. Nersesian - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yes.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
And then just this last one if I may is on the R&D side, you talked several times in the prepared remarks about a continued focus on investing in R&D and still maintaining that solid teens op margin even through this challenged time. But I'm curious now with you being a standalone company for over a year, is the 13% R&D target still the right number? Is that still the right way to think about it? I think that some would argue that on an absolute basis is a very aggressive R&D spend and more than enough. While others would argue that as a percentage of revenue, you're still running well below peers. So any thoughts around is 13% the right way to think about R&D?
Ronald S. Nersesian - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
We're looking at what does it take to win in the marketplace, and what do we need to do to accomplish our strategy. We spent 12% in the past. We up that to 13% last year. And clearly, as the top line moves around you will see that percentage vary. There is no doubt that on a total basis, we're spending less than the competition on average, but we do have some economies of scale from having our own, for instance, internal fab that can go ahead and provide products and solutions to multiple businesses and multiple product lines. As far as the R&D percentage, we're going to monitor that with regards to our ability to go ahead and to win in these marketplaces. But I think it's directionally correct.
Patrick Newton - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Great. Thank you for taking my questions. Good luck.
Ronald S. Nersesian - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Sure.
Operator
And your next question comes from the line of Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Anjaya Shrestha - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Hi. Can you guys hear me?
Ronald S. Nersesian - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah. Hi, Vijay.
Neil P. Dougherty - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Hi.
Anjaya Shrestha - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Hi. This is AJ Shrestha in actually for Vijay Bhagavath. Just had two questions really. The first one was trying to get your thoughts on the product mix for the rest of the year. Should we expect a higher percentage in software mix? And the other one is the OpEx, how should we think about that for the rest of the year?
Ronald S. Nersesian - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah. So, let me try and address those questions. I think we are making a concerted effort over time to shift the mix of our business towards more R&D solutions and more software. But if you put that in the scale of the rest of the year, our markets – our markets don't move that quickly, you're not going to see fundamental shifts in our mix. Based on those efforts, over that short of period of time, it's a bit more of a methodical slog than that.
With regard to our OpEx, again, we'll be working hard to manage our spending as we move through this economic cycle. But our Q1 results, now reflect a full quarter of Anite spending and you could view those as representative of what we expect for the remaining quarters of the year.
Anjaya Shrestha - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Got it. Okay, appreciate it guys.
Operator
Thank you. That was our last question. That concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to the turn the conference back to Jason Kary.
Jason A. Kary - Treasurer, Investor Relations & Vice President
Thank you, Tracy. That's all we have for today. So thank you everyone for joining the call and have a good day.

Operator
This concludes our conference call. You may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All KEYS TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksNvidia Finally Ships VoltaNVDA• Today, 3:12 AM • Mark Hibben•3 CommentsFacebook Q2: Why Is The Stock So Cheap?FB• Today, 2:39 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•4 CommentsPayPal's Q2: Consistent Growth Again, But What About That 8% Tax Rate?PYPL• Today, 1:57 AM • Greg Wajda•2 CommentsSK Telecom Co., Ltd. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSKM• Today, 12:26 AM • SA TranscriptsAlphabet's Q2: Of Cash Flow And YouTubeGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 10:46 PM • Steven Mallas•5 CommentsTelefonica Brasil, S.A 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesVIV• Yesterday, 10:19 PM • SA TranscriptsAnalog Devices: Winning Or Losing On Apple's Next iPhoneADI• Yesterday, 10:12 PM • Prescient Investment AnalysisQualcomm And Cisco Make First Investments In AgTechCSCO, QCOM• Yesterday, 10:12 PM • Donovan Jones•11 Comments4 Companies Which Stand To Benefit From 3D SensingFNSR, LITE, VIAV• Yesterday, 9:46 PM • Shareholders Unite•9 CommentsAlphabet: This Stock Will Help You Reach Your Retirement GoalsGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 9:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•13 CommentsCan MassRoots Remain A Going Concern?MSRT• Yesterday, 8:26 PM • Harlem and Stone•3 CommentsTwitter: How Sustainable Is The Resurgence?TWTR• Yesterday, 8:02 PM • Kayode Omotosho•4 CommentsASM International N.V. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesASMIY• Yesterday, 7:53 PM • SA TranscriptsMellanox Technologies, Ltd. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMLNX• Yesterday, 7:08 PM • SA TranscriptsServiceNow 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNOW• Yesterday, 7:08 PM • SA TranscriptsLam Research Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLRCX• Yesterday, 7:08 PM • SA TranscriptsFacebook 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFB• Yesterday, 7:06 PM • SA Transcripts•11 CommentsKnowles Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKN• Yesterday, 7:05 PM • SA TranscriptsTIM Participações S.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTSU• Yesterday, 5:43 PM • SA TranscriptsAMD: Did The Stock Really Surge On A $19 Million Profit?AMD• Yesterday, 5:37 PM • Stone Fox Capital•120 CommentsMicrosoft: This Old Tech Company Becoming A New OneMSFT• Yesterday, 5:28 PM • The Dividend Guy•12 CommentsOkta Delivers A Strong Quarter And A Strong IPOOKTA• Yesterday, 5:24 PM • Sramana MitraFacebook: Great Results Meet Bloated StockFB• Yesterday, 5:13 PM • D.M. Martins Research•71 CommentsCorning Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGLW• Yesterday, 4:58 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentTranscat, Inc. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTRNS• Yesterday, 4:33 PM • SA TranscriptsFacebook Post-Earnings Target PricesFB• Yesterday, 4:15 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•133 CommentsIBM The Hard WayIBM• Yesterday, 4:00 PM • David J. Waldron•18 CommentsAfter 2 Years In The Doghouse, Box Is Poised To Break Past Its $20 IPO HurdleEditors' Pick • BOX• Yesterday, 3:53 PM • Gary Alexander•3 CommentsAkamai Technologies: Too Cheap To IgnoreAKAM• Yesterday, 3:32 PM • L&F Capital Management•7 CommentsSage Group plc (The) 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSGGEF• Yesterday, 3:05 PM • SA TranscriptsIs AMD Secretly Helping Apple Build Its Own Graphics Processors?AAPL, AMD, IGNMF• Yesterday, 2:39 PM • Motek Moyen•14 CommentsEarnings Preview: Twitter Reports Q2 Results Tomorrow Before The BellTWTR• Yesterday, 2:04 PM • JJ Kinahan•4 CommentsFirst Solar Set To Report Blowout EarningsFSLR• Yesterday, 2:00 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•26 CommentsAmazon Could Double Its Market Cap By 2020AMZN• Yesterday, 1:36 PM • Amigobulls•31 CommentsHow WebMD Got Locked Out Of The China MarketWBMD• Yesterday, 1:10 PM • Entrepreneur Esq.Alphabet Has Expensive Hobbies With Its 'Other Bets'GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:41 PM • Motek Moyen•11 CommentsWhile You Worry About Ad Load Facebook Increases Ad InventoryFB• Yesterday, 12:30 PM • Joe Albano•18 CommentsBlackBerry 10: It's OverBBRY• Yesterday, 12:22 PM • Business Quant•86 CommentsAT&T: Keeping An Eye On MexicoT• Yesterday, 12:17 PM • D.M. Martins Research•7 CommentsAMD: Post-Earnings ValuationAMD• Yesterday, 12:14 PM • Roman Luzgin•100 CommentsElectronic Arts: Cautious BuyEA• Yesterday, 12:14 PM • Alexander Kalashnikov•1 CommentVerizon: There's A 20% Total Return Waiting For InvestorsVZ• Yesterday, 12:08 PM • Black Coral Research•24 CommentsAT&T Delivers For ShareholdersT• Yesterday, 12:05 PM • Josh Arnold•23 CommentsSplunk: Terrific Company, Less Terrific VisibilitySPLK• Yesterday, 11:58 AM • Shareholders Unite•1 CommentMicron: This Is MadnessMU• Yesterday, 11:40 AM • Kumquat Research•101 CommentsRedfin Finalizes Terms For $120 Million IPORDFN• Yesterday, 11:34 AM • Donovan Jones•5 CommentsAmazon: My Pre-Earnings ThoughtsAMZN• Yesterday, 10:53 AM • D.M. Martins Research•15 CommentsAmerican Software Needs A Little More... SomethingEditors' Pick • AMSWA• Yesterday, 10:45 AM • Vince MartinFacebook Earnings Preview: Expectations Too High Headed Into Earnings?FB• Yesterday, 10:43 AM • Brian Gilmartin, CFA•26 CommentsAlphabet's Q2: What Was Said, And Also Not Said, Make It ExcitingGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 9:52 AM • DoctoRx•30 CommentsTE Connectivity Ltd. 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTEL• Yesterday, 9:18 AM • SA TranscriptsSTMicroelectronics NV 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSTM• Yesterday, 9:17 AM • SA TranscriptsAtos Origin SA 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAEXAF• Yesterday, 8:11 AM • SA TranscriptsAT&T Earnings Beat: Anxious Optimism Or Optimistic Anxiety?T• Yesterday, 8:00 AM • George Schneider•30 CommentsSeagate Crashes, What Now?STX• Yesterday, 5:04 AM • Kumquat Research•23 CommentsFrontier Communications:  Short Interest Spikes To Record Levels At Mid-July... What Now?FTR• Yesterday, 3:40 AM • The Owl•58 CommentsNutanix: Patience And GrowthNTNX• Yesterday, 3:23 AM • Chandler Clinkingbeard•7 CommentsTelekom Austria AG ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTKAGY• Yesterday, 2:09 AM • SA TranscriptsApple Is Overvalued, Buy It Anyway?AAPL• Yesterday, 1:26 AM • PendragonY•144 CommentsRedfin IPO, Tech Company Changing Real Estate IndustryRDFN• Yesterday, 12:42 AM • Don Dion•16 CommentsWhat AT&T's Q2 Results Tell Us About The Dividend SafetyT• Yesterday, 12:10 AM • Jonathan Weber•50 CommentsWhat Will Apple Build In Those '3 Big, Beautiful Plants'?AAPL• Tue, Jul. 25, 11:34 PM • Mark Hibben•60 CommentsAT&T: Grand SlamT• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:54 PM • Quad 7 Capital•47 CommentsSeparating The Noise From (Encouraging) Fundamentals During Tech Sector VolatilityXLK, VGT, TECL• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:30 PM • Janus Henderson Investors•1 CommentAT&T: Does A Surprise Beat Alter The Thesis?T• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:21 PM • Stone Fox Capital•34 CommentsElectronic Arts: What To Watch For With EarningsEA• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:18 PM • Roman Luzgin•6 CommentsTears For Sears (And Other Amazon Competitors)AMZN• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:09 PM • David Pinsen•63 CommentsAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMD• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:02 PM • SA Transcripts•40 CommentsAT&T Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesT• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:01 PM • SA Transcripts•3 CommentsIPG Photonics' Laser Technology - Mark Hibben's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • IPGP• Tue, Jul. 25, 4:23 PM • Mark Hibben•7 Comments4% Dividend Yield From IBM: International Business Machinations?IBM• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:27 PM • Beulah Meriam K•20 CommentsNvidia: Earnings PredictionNVDA• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:08 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•19 CommentsNordic Semiconductor's Renewed Growth Has Melted Some Of The SkepticismEditors' Pick • NDCVF• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:07 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•2 CommentsExclusive Teardown Confirms New Samsung SupplierSSNLF• Tue, Jul. 25, 2:58 PM • Lou Basenese•35 CommentsPaypal: Pure Play On E-Commerce TransitionPYPL• Tue, Jul. 25, 2:58 PM • L&F Capital Management•4 Comments123456...1162Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Tower International's (TOWR) CEO James Gouin on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TOWR•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  2:59 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




XL Group (XL) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


XL•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  2:39 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Calfrac Well's (CFWFF) CEO Fernando Aguilar on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CFWFF•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  2:34 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




GlaxoSmithKline's (GSK) CEO Emma Walmsley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GSK•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  2:32 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




SK Telecom Co's (SKM) Management on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SKM•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  2:02 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Telefonica Brasil's (VIV) CEO Eduardo Navarro on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VIV•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  1:22 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




ServiceNow (NOW) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NOW•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 12:59 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Hub Group (HUBG) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HUBG•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 12:07 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Merit Medical Systems' (MMSI) CEO Fred Lampropoulos on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MMSI•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Legg Mason (LM) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LM•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:49 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Discover Financial Services (DFS) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DFS•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Nutrisystem's (NTRI) CEO Dawn Zier on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NTRI•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton's (LVMHF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LVMHF•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Knowles (KN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KN•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Edwards Lifesciences (EW) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EW•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:37 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Tractor Supply (TSCO) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TSCO•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:21 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Buffalo Wild Wings (BWLD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BWLD•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




LG Display's (LPL) on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LPL•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:14 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




On Assignment (ASGN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASGN•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Xilinx (XLNX) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


XLNX•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




PayPal's (PYPL) CEO Dan Schulman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PYPL•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



IMAX (IMAX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IMAX•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Allegiant Travel (ALGT) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ALGT•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Quidel Corporation's (QDEL) CEO Doug Bryant on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


QDEL•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:48 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Digimarc's (DMRC) CEO Bruce Davis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DMRC•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Transcat's (TRNS) CEO Lee Rudow on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TRNS•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:32 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Limelight Networks' (LLNW) CEO Bob Lento on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LLNW•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:32 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Vertex Pharmaceuticals (VRTX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VRTX•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:29 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Lam Research (LRCX) Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LRCX•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:21 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Knight Transportation (KNX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KNX•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4442Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 

Keysight Technologies Inc (KEYS.K)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Keysight Technologies Inc (KEYS.K)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataIndustrialsIndustrial Machinery & Equipment












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				KEYS.K on New York Consolidated


				42.53USD
26 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$42.53


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

1,133,405




52-wk High

$42.98


52-wk Low

$26.87











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Paul Clark

69
2014

                                Independent Chairman of the Board




							Ronald Nersesian

57
2013

                                President, Chief Executive Officer, Director




							Neil Dougherty

47
2013

                                Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President




							Satish Dhanasekaran


2017

                                President - Communications Solutions Group




							Jay Alexander

53
2014

                                Senior Vice President, Chief Technology Officer




							Stephen Williams

45
2013

                                Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary




							Ingrid Estrada

52
2013

                                Senior Vice President - Human Resources




							Soon Chai Gooi

55
2015

                                Senior Vice President, President - Industrial Solutions Group




							John Page

52
2015

                                Senior Vice President, President - Services Solutions Group




							Mark Wallace

51
2016

                                Senior Vice President - Worldwide Sales




							John Skinner

54
2013

                                Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President, Corporate Controller




							James Cullen

73
2014

                                Independent Director




							Charles Dockendorff

62
2014

                                Independent Director




							Jean Halloran

64
2014

                                Independent Director




							Richard Hamada

58
2014

                                Independent Director




							Robert Rango

58
2015

                                Independent Director




							Mark Templeton

64
2015

                                Independent Director



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Paul Clark


					
							Mr. Paul N. Clark is Independent Chairman of the Board of the company. Mr. Clark was a Strategic Advisory Board member of Genstar Capital, LLC from August 2007 to December 2016 and was an Operating Partner from August 2007 to January 2013. Genstar Capital LLC is a middle market private equity firm that focuses on investments in selected segments of life sciences and healthcare services, industrial technology, business services and software. Prior to that, Mr. Clark was the Chief Executive Officer and President of ICOS Corporation, a biotherapeutics company, from June 1999 to January 2007, and the Chairman of the Board of Directors of ICOS from February 2000 to January 2007. From 1984 to December 1998, Mr. Clark worked in various capacities for Abbott Laboratories, a health care products manufacturer, retiring from Abbott Laboratories as Executive Vice President and a board member. His previous experience included senior positions with Marion Laboratories, a pharmaceutical company, and Sandoz Pharmaceuticals (now Novartis Corporation), a pharmaceutical company. Mr. Clark has significant experience with Keysight and its businesses, having been a director of Keysight’s predecessor, Agilent, since May 2006. He additionally brings extensive management experience from numerous senior management positions and considerable public company director experience.




							Ronald Nersesian


					
							Mr. Ronald S. Nersesian is the President, Chief Executive Officer, Director of the Company. Mr. Nersesian has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Keysight since December 2013 and, prior to the separation, served as Executive Vice President of Agilent. Mr. Nersesian served as President of Agilent from November 2012 to September 2013 and as Chief Operating Officer, Agilent from November 2011 to September 2013. From November 2011 to November 2012, Mr. Nersesian served as Agilent’s Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. He served as Senior Vice President, Agilent, and President, Electronic Measurement Group from March 2009 to November 2011, as Agilent’s Vice President and General Manager of the Wireless Business Unit of the Electronics Measurement Group from F ebruary 2005 to February 2009, and as Agilent’s Vice President and General Manager of the Design Validation Division from May 2002 to February 2005. Prior to joining Agilent, Mr. Nersesian served in management positions with LeCroy Corporation from 1996 to 2002. From 1984 through 1996, Mr. Nersesian served in various roles with HP, Inc. Mr. Nersesian serves on the Board of Directors of Trimble Inc.




							Neil Dougherty


					
							Mr. Neil Dougherty is the senior vice president and chief financial officer of the company. He has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Keysight since December 2013 and, prior to the Separation, served as Vice President and Treasurer of Agilent, since 2012. He served as Senior Director in Agilent’s Corporate Development Group from 2010 to 2012, and from 2006 to 2010, he served as Agilent’s Assistant Treasurer. Prior to that, Mr. Dougherty held a broad variety of positions in finance for Agilent and HP.




							Satish Dhanasekaran







							Jay Alexander


					
							Mr. Jay Alexander,is the Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of Company. He has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of Keysight since May 2014 and, from October 2009 until prior to the Separation, he served as Vice President and General Manager for the Oscilloscope and Protocol Division of Agilent.




							Stephen Williams


					
							Mr. Stephen Williams is the Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary of the Company. He has served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Keysight since December 2013 and, prior to the Separation, served as Agilent’s Vice President, Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary since November 2009. From February 2007 to November 2009, Mr. Williams served as Managing Counsel in Agilent’s Legal Department.




							Ingrid Estrada


					
							Ms. Ingrid A. Estrada is the Senior Vice President - Human Resources of the Company. She has served as Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Keysight since December 2013 and, prior to the Separation, served as Vice President and General Manager of Global Sourcing of Agilent since 2011, and as Vice President and General Manager of Remarketing Solutions Division of Agilent since 2006.




							Soon Chai Gooi


					
							Mr. Soon Chai Gooi is the Senior Vice President, President - Industrial Solutions Group of the Company. He has served as Senior Vice President and President of the Electronic Industrial Solutions Group since November 2015. From December 2013 to November 2015, Mr. Gooi served as Senior Vice President of Order Fulfillment and Infrastructure for Keysight. Prior to the Separation, Mr. Gooi served as President, from November 2012 to September 2013, and as Senior Vice President, from December 2011 to November 2012, of Agilent's Order Fulfillment and Supply Chain. Previously, Mr. Gooi served as Agilent’s Vice President and General Manager of the Electronic Instruments Business Unit and Electronic Measurement Group Order Fulfillment from May 2006 to December 2011.




							John Page


					
							Mr. John Page is Senior Vice President, President - Services Solutions Group of the Company. He has served as Senior Vice President and President of Services Solutions Group since November 2015 and most recently served as vice president of business finance of Keysight from February 2014 to November 2015. Prior to joining Keysight, Mr. Page served as the Chief Financial Officer of Nanosys, Inc. from 2010 to 2014.




							Mark Wallace


					
							Mr. Mark Wallace is has served as Senior Vice President - Worldwide Sales of the company. From November 2014 to November 2016, Mr. Wallace served as Vice President and General Manager of Americas Field Operations, and prior to the Separation from Agilent, as Americas Field Operations Vice President of Agilent's Electronic Measurement Group since November 2011. From August 2004 to November 2011 Mr. Wallace served as National Sales Manager of Agilent's Electronic Measurement Group for U.S, and Canada.




							John Skinner


					
							Mr. John Skinner is Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President, Corporate Controller of the Company. He has served as Vice President, Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer of Keysight since December 2013 and, prior to the Separation, Mr. Skinner served as Vice President, Agilent and Controller of Global Infrastructure and Enterprise Financial Planning and Analysis from April 2012 to December 2013. From April 2009 to April 2012, Mr. Skinner served as Agilent’s Senior Director of Agilent Business Reporting.




							James Cullen


					
							Mr. James G. Cullen is Independent Director of the company. Mr. Cullen was President and Chief Operating Officer of Bell Atlantic Corporation (now known as Verizon) from 1997 to June 2000 and a member of the office of chairman from 1993 to June 2000. Prior to this appointment, Mr. Cullen was the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Telecom Group of Bell Atlantic from 1995 to 1997. Prior to the creation of Bell Atlantic on January 1, 1984, Mr. Cullen held management positions with New Jersey Bell from 1966 to 1981 and AT&T from 1981 to 1983. Mr. Cullen has considerable managerial and operational experience and expertise from his senior leadership position with Bell Atlantic and its predecessors. In addition, Mr. Cullen brings significant public company director experience and perspective on public company management and governance. Mr. Cullen has a strong understanding of Keysight’s business having served on the board of Agilent for over 10 years, including more than five years as the non-executive chairman.




							Charles Dockendorff


					
							Mr. Charles J. Dockendorff is Independent Director of the company. Mr. Dockendorff served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covidien plc from 2006 until his retirement in March 2015, and as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 1995 to 2006. Mr. Dockendorff is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration and Accounting from the University of Massachusetts and a Master of Science degree in Finance from Bentley College. As a result of Mr. Dockendorff’s significant financial experience, Mr. Dockendorff provides the Keysight Board with extensive accounting, tax, treasury, financial planning, and audit knowledge.




							Jean Halloran


					
							Ms. Jean M Halloran is Independent Director of the company. Ms. Halloran served as Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Agilent Technologies from August 1999 through October 2014. She directed all aspects of Agilent’s talent and rewards management, leadership development and culture. Ms. Halloran has extensive experience in Human Resources, extending back to when she joined Hewlett Packard’s Medical Products Group in 1980. Within that group, she held various positions in Manufacturing, Quality and Strategic Planning as well as Human Resources. In 1993, Ms. Halloran headed Human Resources for HP’s Measurement Systems Organization and, in 1997, was appointed Director of Education for the company. Ms. Halloran received her BA from Princeton University and an MBA from Harvard University. Ms. Halloran has served as a director of several schools and non-profit organizations. Ms. Halloran has in-depth knowledge of Keysight and its businesses, having been a leader at Keysight’s predecessors, Agilent and HP, for over 30 years. Over the course of her career, she developed considerable expertise in Keysight’s businesses, policies and practices. This perspective provides valuable insight on the Keysight Board.




							Richard Hamada


					
							Mr. Richard P. Hamada is Independent Director of the company. Mr. Hamada served as the Chief Executive Officer of Avnet, Inc. from July 2011 until July 2016 and as a member of the Avnet board of directors from February 2011 until July 2016. He first joined Avnet in 1983 and has served in many capacities including President from May 2010 until July 2011 and Chief Operating Officer from July 2006 until July 2011, as President of Avnet’s Technology Solutions operating group from July 2003 until July 2006, and as President of its Computer Marketing business unit from January 2002 until July 2003. Mr. Hamada holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance from San Diego State University where, in June 2009, he was named as a member of the College of Business Administration Advisory Board. As a result of Mr. Hamada’s broad background in the technology and electronics industries, spanning his career, Mr. Hamada provides the Keysight Board with extensive sales, marketing and management knowledge.




							Robert Rango


					
							Mr. Robert A. Rango is Independent Director of the company. Mr. Rango has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of privately held Enevate Corporation since June 2016. Mr. Rango served from 2002 to 2014 as an executive at Broadcom Corporation. From 2010 to 2014, he served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of Broadcom’s Mobile and Wireless Group. During his tenure at Broadcom, Mr. Rango held many senior management positions in the company’s Network Infrastructure Business Unit, Mobile and Wireless Group and Wireless Connectivity Group. Mr. Rango received his Bachelor of Engineering degree in Electrical Engineering from State University of New York and his Master of Engineering in Electrical Engineering from Cornell University. Mr. Rango possesses significant operating and leadership skills, including extensive experience in global semiconductor product marketing, development and sales. His mobile, wireless, semiconductor, optical, software and technology management expertise makes him a valuable member of the Keysight Board.




							Mark Templeton


					
							Mr. Mark B. Templeton is Independent Director of the company. Mr. Templeton served from June 2001 until his retirement in October 2015 as the President and CEO of Citrix Systems, Inc., a leading global provider of virtualization, mobility management, networking and software as service solutions. Mr. Templeton received his Bachelor’s degree in Product Design from North Carolina State University and an MBA from the Darden School of Business at the University of Virginia. Mr. Templeton’s operating experience, leadership and perspective in business strategy and operations and his insight in technology opportunities, particularly in the development and global marketing of advanced technology opportunities, makes him a valuable member of the Keysight Board.











					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Paul Clark

444,019




							Ronald Nersesian

8,482,610




							Neil Dougherty

2,107,290




							Satish Dhanasekaran

--




							Jay Alexander

1,904,400




							Stephen Williams

--




							Ingrid Estrada

--




							Soon Chai Gooi

2,559,590




							John Page

--




							Mark Wallace

--




							John Skinner

--




							James Cullen

293,788




							Charles Dockendorff

303,788




							Jean Halloran

278,788




							Richard Hamada

278,788




							Robert Rango

288,788




							Mark Templeton

278,788



As Of 
30 Oct 2016





					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Paul Clark

0
0




							Ronald Nersesian

69,033
1,479,540




							Neil Dougherty

11,307
296,470




							Satish Dhanasekaran

0
0




							Jay Alexander

0
0




							Stephen Williams

0
0




							Ingrid Estrada

0
0




							Soon Chai Gooi

37,689
1,215,670




							John Page

0
0




							Mark Wallace

0
0




							John Skinner

0
0




							James Cullen

0
0




							Charles Dockendorff

0
0




							Jean Halloran

0
0




							Richard Hamada

0
0




							Robert Rango

0
0




							Mark Templeton

0
0









					Insider Trading












Name
Shares Traded
Price


Dhanasekaran (Satish)
4,142
$0.00


Gasparian (Michael C)
2,677
$31.65


Gasparian (Michael C)
2,677
$41.66


Gooi (Soon Chai)
65,986
$38.70


Gooi (Soon Chai)
65,986
$10.59


Nersesian (Ronald S)
101,135
$38.18


Nersesian (Ronald S)
188,454
$19.97


Nersesian (Ronald S)
40,862
$19.62


Alexander (Jay)
3,573
$38.50


Nersesian (Ronald S)
40,862
$38.09


Nersesian (Ronald S)
101,135
$20.74


Alexander (Jay)
3,573
$19.62


Alexander (Jay)
8,090
$38.50


Nersesian (Ronald S)
188,454
$38.39


Alexander (Jay)
8,090
$20.74


Estrada (Ingrid A)
9,871
$20.88


Dockendorff (Charles J)
13,210
$37.81


Estrada (Ingrid A)
8,259
$37.25


Estrada (Ingrid A)
8,259
$16.42


Estrada (Ingrid A)
9,871
$37.27


Gasparian (Michael C)
5,353
$41.51


Gasparian (Michael C)
5,353
$31.65


Gasparian (Michael C)
10,048
$29.83


Gasparian (Michael C)
10,048
$39.50


Gasparian (Michael C)
17,246
$31.00




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataIndustrialsIndustrial Machinery & Equipment























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.

























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v



























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







