




	Investment Strategies | Neuberger Berman





































                Incompatible Browser
            


                    To get the best possible experience using our website we recommend that you upgrade
                    to a newer version or other web browser. A list of the most popular web browsers
                    can be found below.
                

                Just click on the icons to get to the download page
                




























                Browser Cookies Support
            


                    Your browser does not support cookies or they are not enabled. Cookies are required
                    to access this site.
                



Ok




























top



































































United States
Not Your Country?


To access available investments and market insights, please select your audience (required).
































Personalize Your Experience

In order to provide a completely personalized experience, please select from the following options.(required)


Please select a job role.

I would also like Defined Contribution specific content.



Submit

















Order Cart

You have unordered items in your cart
 Do not show this message again.
            


Go To Cart
Close









Username change

Our records show your email address may have changed. Do you want to update it?(You will have to re-login back in.)
 Do not show this message again.
            


Yes No









Terms and Conditions




Accept   
						  Decline









Terms and Conditions






Accept
Decline









United States




Not Your Country?
Select a Site
To access available investments and market insights, please select your audience (required).



 
 
 
 































Select Your Region





Select Your Country





Select Your Site









GlobalSelect Your Country































/ 
            /Style Library/images/spacer.gif 







































	U.S. Equity Index PutWrite Strategy Fund | Neuberger Berman









































                Incompatible Browser
            


                    To get the best possible experience using our website we recommend that you upgrade
                    to a newer version or other web browser. A list of the most popular web browsers
                    can be found below.
                

                Just click on the icons to get to the download page
                




























                Browser Cookies Support
            


                    Your browser does not support cookies or they are not enabled. Cookies are required
                    to access this site.
                



Ok



























top



































































United States
Not Your Country?


To access available investments and market insights, please select your audience (required).
































Personalize Your Experience

In order to provide a completely personalized experience, please select from the following options.(required)


Please select a job role.

I would also like Defined Contribution specific content.



Submit

















Order Cart

You have unordered items in your cart
 Do not show this message again.
            


Go To Cart
Close









Username change

Our records show your email address may have changed. Do you want to update it?(You will have to re-login back in.)
 Do not show this message again.
            


Yes No









Terms and Conditions




Accept   
						  Decline









Terms and Conditions






Accept
Decline









United States




Not Your Country?
Select a Site
To access available investments and market insights, please select your audience (required).



 
 
 
 































Select Your Region





Select Your Country





Select Your Site









GlobalSelect Your Country































/ 
            /Style Library/images/spacer.gif 













































 



  NBUSI5G Quote - Neuberger Berman Uncorrelated Strategies Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Neuberger Berman Uncorrelated Strategies Fund   NBUSI5G:ID          10.12GBP   0.00   0.00%     As of 12:59 AM EDT 7/26/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Fund    52Wk Range   9.95 - 10.17                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   10.12    52Wk Range   9.95 - 10.17    Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Global Allocation    Asset Class Focus   Mixed Allocation    Geographic Focus   Global    NAV (on 07/26/2017)   10.12    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/26/2017)   123.285    Inception Date   05/31/2017    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   -    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   -    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   -    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   Neuberger Berman Uncorrelated Strategies Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in Ireland. The Fund's objective is to seek capital appreciation with an emphasis on absolute returns. The Fund invests in a diversified portfolio of Uncorrelated investment strategies.    Address  Neuberger Berman Investment Funds70 Sir John Rogerson's QuayDublin 2Ireland   Phone  -   Website   -              Neuberger Berman Socially Responsive FundNeuberger Berman Socially Responsive Fund1Fund Facts
         
      
                    Inception Date:
                  Mar 15, 2013
                    CUSIP:
                  64122Q499
                        Ticker Symbol:
                      NRSRXMorningstar Category:‡Large Growth
                        As of
                         Jun 30, 2017Fund Net Assets†
                        ($millions)
                      
                        $2,382Documents for Fund or Underlying Fund(s)
         
      ProspectusDescriptionPerformance & ExpensesDistributionsMorningstar InformationCharacteristicsStatisticsDescriptionObjective†
         
      The investment seeks long-term growth of capital by investing primarily in securities of companies that meet the fund's financial criteria and social policy.Principal Investment Strategies†
         
      The fund invests primarily in common stocks of mid- to large-capitalization companies that meet the fund's social policy. It seeks to reduce risk by investing across many different industries. The Portfolio Managers employ a research driven and valuation sensitive approach to stock selection, with a long term perspective.Principal Investment Risks
         
      
          There is no guarantee that the Fund will achieve its investment objective.
          You may lose money by investing in the Fund.
          
          Please see the Fund’s prospectus or other disclosure documents for information about the Fund’s risks.
        
       
    Performance & ExpensesStandard Performance
                As of
                 Jun 30, 2017
                  Fund/Benchmark Name
                QtrYTD1-Yr3-Yr5-Yr10-YrSince InceptionNeuberger Berman Socially Respa2.72%9.59%19.23%8.41%N/AN/A11.86%S&P 500 Indexa,b3.09%9.34%17.90%9.61%14.63%7.18%N/AMorningstar Large Growtha,c5.01%14.14%20.02%8.80%13.87%7.51%N/AFund past performance, as shown, is no guarantee of how the Fund will perform in the future. The performance shown has been annualized for periods greater than one year. Investment returns and principal value will fluctuate, so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. For current performance, visit www.icmarc.org.Fund performance is shown comparing it to a "benchmark" which may be a (i) broad-based securities market index (ii) a group of mutual funds with similar investment objectives, or (iii) a short term government backed debt obligation such as a U.S. Treasury Bill. An index is not available for direct investment, is unmanaged, and does not reflect the costs of portfolio management or trading. A fund's portfolio may differ from the securities held in an index.Annual Fund Operating ExpensesTotal Expensesa0.61%
       
    a. Certain information including, but not limited to, benchmark performance or other performance and/or fee information, is provided by Morningstar, Inc., © 2017 All rights reserved. This information: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar and/or its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of information. Morningstar is a registered trademark of Morningstar, Inc.b. The S&P 500 Index consists of 500 companies representing larger capitalization stocks traded in the U.S.c. The Fund’s Morningstar Category Average is a group of funds with similar investment objectives and strategies and is the equal–weighted return of all funds per category. Morningstar places funds in certain categories based on a fund’s historical portfolio holdings.DistributionsDividends and Capital Gains
         
      
                  Record Date
                
                  Ex/Payable Date
                
                  Income/Capital Gains Paid Per Share
                Dec 16, 2016Dec  16, 2016$1.639300000Dec 17, 2015Dec  17, 2015$2.162500000Dec 15, 2014Dec  15, 2014$3.947900000Dec 16, 2013Dec  16, 2013$2.579200000
       
    Morningstar InformationMorningstar RatingTM
         
      
                As of
                Jun 30, 2017
                  Period
                
                  Stars
                
                  Category Size
                
                  Overall
                1277
                  3-Year
                1277
                  5-Year
                
        N/A
      
                      N/A
                    
                  10-Year
                
        N/A
      
                      N/A
                    The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or “star rating”, is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange–traded funds, closed–end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three–year history. Exchange–traded funds and open–ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk–Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product′s monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three–, five–, and 10–year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three–year rating for 36–59 months of total returns, 60% five–year rating⁄40% three–year rating for 60–119 months of total returns, and 50% 10–year rating⁄30% five–year rating⁄20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.Morningstar Stylebox†
                  As of
                  Jun 30, 2017
                      Equity Stylebox
                    Allocation of Assets†
                  As of
                  Apr 30, 2017
                    Type of Asset
                  
                    Percent
                  Equity99%Fixed Income0%Cash/Other1%
                Due to rounding, percentages shown may not add up to 100%.
              
       
    
       
    CharacteristicsAllocation of Assets†
                As of
                Apr 30, 2017Asset ClassPercentDomestic Stock86.6%Foreign Stock12.5%Domestic Bond0.0%Foreign Bond0.0%Preferred0.0%Convertible0.0%Cash0.9%Other0.0%
              Due to rounding, percentages shown may not add up to 100%.
            
       
    Equity Sector†
              As of
              Apr 30, 2017SectorPercentFinancial Services18.9%Technology18.4%Healthcare17.5%Industrials11.3%Consumer Defensive10.0%Energy8.1%Consumer Cyclical7.4%Communication Services3.7%Basic Materials2.4%Utilities1.5%
            Exposure reflects equity securities only and will sum to the equity exposure of the fund.
          
       
    Top Ten Holdings†
              As of
              Apr 30, 2017Holding NamePercentTexas Instruments Inc4.8%Progressive Corp4.7%Becton, Dickinson and Co4.0%Newell Brands Inc3.8%Unilever NV ADR3.7%Comcast Corp Class A3.7%AmerisourceBergen Corp3.2%eBay Inc3.0%Intercontinental Exchange Inc3.0%Intuit Inc3.0%
       
    StatisticsPortfolio Statistics†
                      As of
                      Jun 30, 2017Statistic3-Year5-YearBeta0.960.00Alpha-0.720.00Standard Deviation10.280.00
       
    
       
    
            Footnotes
          1.Please read the fund's prospectus carefully for a complete summary of all fees, expenses, investment objectives and strategies, risks, financial highlights, and performance information. Investing involves risk, including possible loss of the amount invested. Investors should carefully consider the information contained in the prospectus before investing. You may contact us to obtain a prospectus or to answer questions by calling 800-669-7400, emailing investorservices@icmarc.org, or visiting www.icmarc.org.†The source for this information is Morningstar, Inc. Copyright © 2017 Morningstar, Inc.® All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Morningstar, Inc. is a global investment research firm that is not affiliated with ICMA-RC. ICMA-RC does not independently verify Morningstar data.‡Morningstar places funds in certain categories based on the fund's historical portfolio holdings. Placement of a fund in a particular Morningstar category does not mean that the fund will remain in that category or that it will invest primarily in securities consistent with its Morningstar category. A fund's investment strategy and portfolio holdings are governed by its prospectus, guidelines or other governing documents, not its Morningstar category.^ Back to Top

Neuberger Berman's event driven hedge fund to close initial founder's share class to new investors - Opalesque





































Thu, Jul 27, 2017
 A A
A




						Customize Page					




					Welcome Guest
				





Subscriber Login
RSS

 

Like us on




















Archives 
| 
Research 
| 
Funds 
| 
Events 





Search








Hot Topics » 
man group
Seed
Mark
PARDUS
more topics »








Connect with us



  About Us  History of OpalesqueKey TeamTestimonialsSubscribe/RenewSubmit News RSSOpalesque In The NewsMedia KitContact Us  Publications  Alternative Market BriefingRead Newsletters (Archive) Podcast CenterAboutSubscribe/RenewTestimonialsTrial Subscription Free!Opalesque ExclusivesThe Big PictureOpalesque Industry UpdatesOther Voices Newsletter HeadlinesSubscription RatesSubmit NewsWhy SubscribeSample Newsletters Free!Bonus MonthsMy SettingsFAQAlternative Market Briefing WeeklyAboutArchive Podcast CenterSubscribe  Free! Current Issue Free!Most ForwardedNew ManagersAboutNew Managers - Archive Subscribe/RenewSubscription RatesTrial Subscription Free!TestimonialsOpalesque RoundtablesAboutOpalesque Roundtable Series - Archive (all)Subscribe/RenewFree!TestimonialsOpalesque Roundtable Series - U.K. 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - France 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Frankfurt 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Zurich 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Gulf (Dubai) 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Cayman 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Geneva 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - South Africa 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Netherlands 2016Opalesque Roundtable Series - Japan 2017  Roundtables  AboutOpalesque Roundtable Series - Archive (all)Subscribe/RenewFree!TestimonialsOpalesque Roundtable Series - U.K. 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - France 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Frankfurt 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Zurich 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Gulf (Dubai) 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Cayman 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Geneva 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - South Africa 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Netherlands 2016Opalesque Roundtable Series - Japan 2017  Research  Technical ResearchAboutTRB Archive SubscribeTestimonialsTrial Subscription Free!Subscription RatesCurrent IssuePrivate Equity StrategiesAboutArchive Subscribe Free!Testimonials  Databases  Hedge Professionals DatabaseFamily Office DatabaseOpalesque TV  Students    Events  Event CalendarConference Firm Logon  Service  Subscribe/RenewReset PasswordMy AccountRemove EmailAddressHedge IndicesMedia KitFAQContact UsSubmit News Podcast Center RSS Feeds


















Alternative Market Briefing



 Neuberger Berman's event driven hedge fund to close initial founder's share class to new investors








					Tuesday, June 13, 2017
				 











 

Tweet

 



 

								       Print
 
       
																
															Track Keywords

 








Benedicte Gravrand, Opalesque Geneva: Joe Rotter's market neutral event driven hedge fund, run under Neuberger Berman's umbrella, will close its initial founder's share class to new investors on 1st August, after having garnered about $570m in AuM since its November 2016 launch. The fund already managed $209m in December, said Fortune, which would make it one of the biggest launches that year.   

According to a note to investors seen by Opalesque, the Neuberger Berman Principal Strategies Fund's Founders Class has generated a net return of 9.85% YTD (till the end of May) and 11.53% since inception. 

Before this, Rotter, a portfolio manager with a legal background, had two stints at Chicago-based mega manager Citadel: he spent more than four years as head of event driven Americas until December 2008, and then nearly three years as head of event driven investments until August 2015, when the firm's founder Ken Griffin decided to close the event driven division. Between the two stints, Rotter co-founded RoundKeep Capital Advisors. The event driven fund peaked at more than $1bn in ear......................To view our full article Click here










Article link




































Today's Exclusives



																												Opalesque Roundtable: What to do with the growing power of investment consultants? [more]


																													Komfie Manalo, Opalesque Asia: Educate consultants, especially on quant and systematic strategies, say industry insiders.
The growing power of investment consultants and their influence over allocations into the hedge fund sector means fund managers must work with these consultants to educate 
														




																												Opalesque Exclusive: Boothbay banks on nimble, niche emerging managers [more]


																													Benedicte Gravrand, Opalesque Geneva for New Managers: One New York-based hedge fund is successfully riding the trend towards emerging manager managed accounts by focusing on those managers who take the road less tr
														




																												Opalesque Exclusive: Coleman Group to take over management of K1T quant fund [more]


																													Benedicte Gravrand, Opalesque Geneva for New Managers: Coleman Group, a London-based quant alternative investment manager, has partnered with 
														




																												iCapital Network set to democratize  alternative investments completes $50m financing round [more]


																													Komfie Manalo, Opalesque Asia: iCapital Network announced the completion of its $50m financing round with investments from Morgan Stanley Investment Management, UBS Financial Services, Inc., and lead investor BlackRock underscoring importance of alternative investments and market-leading technolo
														




																																											Nuveen names Frank van Etten CIO for Multi-Asset Solutions [more]


																													Opalesque Industry Update - Nuveen, a leading global investment manager, appointed
Frank van Etten as Chief Investment Officer for Multi-Asset Solutions. Reporting to the
President of Nuveen Advisory Services, Margo Cook, van Etten will be responsible for delivering
multi-asset solutions to clients 
														



Today's Other Voices



														Other Voices: Are your pricing policies and procedures for less liquid instruments adequate? [more]

															Komfie Manalo, Opalesque Asia: The unrelated position mismarking incidents that quickly precipitated the closures of both Visium Asset Management and Marinus Capital have been recent focal points for market participants, but regulatory scrutiny of valuation choices for less liquid instruments is 
														





More Exclusives


25. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Roundtable: Changing investor preferences: Outflows from bigger and inflows to smaller managers [more]

																														Komfie Manalo, Opalesque Asia: This year saw a small outflow of funds from bigger managers and inflows into smaller hedge fund managers, said Duncan Crawford, head of Hedge Fund Sales team at Societe Generale during the latest 								
															


25. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Global Return Asset Management ends 1H up +7.04% [more]

																														Bailey McCann, Opalesque New York: New York-based value hedge fund Global Return Asset Management has ended the first half of 2017 up +7.04 percent net, according to performance information obtained by Opalesque. The firm's flagship fund is up +59.87 percent since inception in 2013.

The r								
															


24. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Roundup: Institutions and family offices shift to hedge funds and alternatives despite valuation concerns: hedge fund news, week 30 [more]

																														In the week ending 21 July, 2017, the global trend to shift into alternative assets is gathering pace more institutional investors are turning to private equit								
															


21. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Modern investor tools (6): Hedge fund investor trends seen through Hedge Connection platform [more]

																														Benedicte Gravrand, Opalesque Geneva for New Managers: 

Modern Investor Tools is a series on technology providers that assist asset allocators.

Founded in 2005, 								
															


19. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: National foundation study shows improved 2016 investment returns [more]

																														Bailey McCann, Opalesque New York: Data from the recently released 2016 Council on Foundations-Commonfund Study of Investment of Endowments for Private and Community Foundations (CCSF) show that foundations returns have improved slightly. According to the report, private foundations reported an a								
															


17. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Come to Bermuda's premier hedge fund event in October [more]

																														Benedicte Gravrand, Opalesque Geneva: Just as the wind starts blowing auburn leaves along the streets of New York and London and people start revisiting their winter coats, some hedge funders might like to find solace in Bermuda, where they could have dinner on the beach and go on a mini-cruise. 								
															


17. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Roundup: Majority of hedge fund investors to "significantly or moderately" shift money to quant funds: hedge fund news, week 29 [more]

																														In the week ending 14 July, 2017, in FinTech, a report by Jefferies pointed to a chart from Google Trends as a visualisation how interest in "data science" 								
															


14. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Green Alpha Advisors goes long on the 'next economy' [more]

																														Bailey McCann, Opalesque New York: Garvin Jabusch co-founder and CIO of Denver-based Green Alpha Advisors bristles at being lumped in with other sustainability and ESG funds. When we met, he was in New York to speak at a sustainable investing conference about what he calls the "next economy" and 								
															


11. Jul. | 
																															
																														CTA survey results on investment methodology, fees and traded markets [more]

																														Matthias Knab, Opalesque: London based J8 Capital Management conducted a global survey to fund out how CTAs work and generate returns. The survey was supported by Opalesque. 



 

The 2017 CTA survey by far and large confirmed the findings of the 2014 and 2015 CTA survey (total of 110 respons								
															


10. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Roundup: One third of surveyed hedge funds break even with $50m or less assets: hedge fund news, week 28 [more]

																														In the week ending 07 July, 2017, a study by AIMA  has found that most alternative investment management firms are able to turn a profit and expand with considerably less th								
															


07. Jul. | 
																															
																														Paper says 'abnormal' hedge funds trades based on prime broker information flow offer 4% superior performance [more]

																														Matthias Knab, Opalesque: The popular press often accuses hedge funds of trading on information not available to other market participants. In this paper, the authors Nitish Kumar, Kevin Mullally, Sugata Ray and Yuehua Tangwe provide evidence that one source of that information is a fund's prime 								
															


07. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: 361 Capital takes the lead with marketing automation [more]

																														Bailey McCann, Opalesque New York: When Denver, Colorado-based 361 Capital reorganized under new leadership in 2010, the boutique investment management firm made a significant decision to embed technology in all parts of their business. The management team knew then that the barriers to entry in 								
															


06. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Turmoil in Quant Land: A hedge fund's candid view why strategies that were once working regularly mysteriously stopped working [more]

																														Matthias Knab, Opalesque: Neal Berger is is President of Eagle's View Asset Management and an investor and allocator I've known and respected for many years. His most recent extended market commentary, which is in parts included below, is a highly recommended read and a candid analysis wh								
															


05. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque TV:  Quant develops effective market timing strategy [more]

																														Benedicte Gravrand, Opalesque Geneva for New Managers: A quant trader based in Bodrum, Turkey, has been developing a market timing strategy for the last six years and has found a way to make it an effective one. As 								
															





																												Previous Opalesque	Exclusives                                  
																										





More Other Voices


21. Jun. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: What is the Capital Inflow From China A-share Index Inclusion? [more]

															By Qi Wang, CFA, CEO at MegaTrust Investment (HK):

As expected, MSCI today announced the inclusion of China A-shares in its Emerging Markets Index for the firs								
															


24. May. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: The insidious threat of data mining bias [more]

															Guest article from Kris Longmore, Founder and Head of Quantitative Research at Quantify:In the context of systematic trading research, data mining bias refers to the risk of attributing significance to a result that was in fact due to chance. I refer to it as an "insidious threat" becau								
															


17. May. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: How to Evaluate a Machine Learning Based Trading System? [more]

															Meta Alpha, LLC - Submitted to Opalesque as Guest Article - Confidential and Proprietary 1. Is it really machine learning, i.e. does it really learn? Many systems depend on traditional statistical techniques such as GARCH and other techniques but are not really machine learning. In othe								
															


12. May. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: Aon Hewitt retirement and investment blog: Hedge fund indices as benchmarks [more]

															Executive Summary
Where clients are looking to benchmark hedge fund investments against a relevant market, or peer
average, we recommend that clients use HFRI Fund Weighted Indices as opposed to indices from other
providers or the newer Asset Weighted indices from HFRI.
In some situatio								
															


26. Apr. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: "Winner-take-all" dynamics and hedge fund investing [more]

															A growing stream of thinking in microeconomics is the concept of "winner-take-all" dynamics. The idea seems simple. A combination of networking economics and classic economies of scale creates situations where there are just a few dominant firms or economic agents who are able to capture significant								
															


04. Apr. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: Hedge funds manage risk: Opposing view [more]

															By: Richard H. Baker

Even in times of pressure, research shows that investors particularly institutional investors such as pensions, foundations and endowments continue to use hedge funds as tools to help meet their unique financial and risk management needs.
 
This is especially true in the 								
															


08. Feb. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: Institutionalisation has secured the future of hedge funds, but industry must further evolve [more]

															From Christen Thomson, Citigate Dewe Rogerson: Reading some of the mainstream financial press, you would be forgiven for thinking that the hedge fund business model is dead. One august news organisation headlined one particularly gloomy story, "The Golden Era of Hedge Funds Draws to a Close With 								
															


06. Feb. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: Best investors are good storytellers while great investments are good stories [more]

															By Alex Gavrish, Etalon Investment Research .

Alex Gavrish explains why best investments are just like good stories or movies: with three-part structure, important turning points, intrigue, drama, and surprises.


Over past few year								
															




Previous Other Voices
                                              
																									
Access Alternative Market Briefing


Access our fully search-able archive on hedge fund and alternatives news (71541 articles)


Go directly to current Alternative Market Briefing newsletter
























 









Top Forwarded
Top Tracked
Top Searched

Investing - Hedge fund CQS favors structured credit, Direct lending funds' fading all-weather appeal, Funds hunt for cracks in most-prized US shopping malls[more]
Hedge fund CQS favors structured credit
From BArrons.com: A hedge fund manager that can invest across the investment landscape says in his latest semi annual report this week that he's finding opportunities in structured credit -- particularly the shorter term, floating rate kind. ExamplLaunches - Bitcoin hedge fund launches ethereum-subscribed ICO investment vehicle, Jersey players institutionalize first regulated crypto-currency hedge fund[more]
Bitcoin hedge fund launches ethereum-subscribed ICO investment vehicle
From Coindesk.com: The operators of a regulated, Jersey-based bitcoin hedge fund have officially closed a new $5 million fund aimed at investing in cryptocurrency tokens and initial coin offerings (ICOs). Backed by funSWFs - China Wealth fund backs TPG lender as part of U.S. property push[more]
From Bloomberg.com: China Investment Corp., the sovereign wealth fund that controls $814 billion in assets, is betting on U.S. real estate by investing in a commercial real estate lender formed by the money management firm TPG. In conjunction with last week's initial public offering of TPG RE FinancMonths to minutes: Enigma launch aims to boost crypto hedge fund creation[more]
From Coindesk.com: What if starting a hedge fund was as easy as downloading an API? A startup incubated at MIT Media Lab is today revealing a product designed with this ease-of-use in mind. Called Catalyst, the first product offering by blockchain startup Enigma aims to trigger nothing short of an eSeward & Kissel launches new compliance service[more]
Bailey McCann, Opalesque New York: The law firm that formed the first hedge fund - Seward & Kissel - has launched a new compliance service for asset managers.  Seward & Kissel Regulatory Compliance, or SKRC, offers full-scale regulatory compliance consulting solutions provided by the firm's attor
							Click here for More about Opalesque Tracking- A new, unique Premium Service -
emerging managerssaemorMillburnAQR"hedge fund launch"Moore Emerging Marketsids capitalstandard pacificcreditSeed


Latest VideosFeaturing : Tages Capital: One of Europe's largest and most experienced providers of seed and acceleration capital.Tages Capital LLP is one of the most active and experienced providers of seed and acceleration capital to emerging alternative fund managers. Tages Capital has invested over $700m of seeding/acceleration capital across 15 trans...» Watch the videoMore Videos »Subscribe to Video Feed » 





 On this site people currently   read about: 



bischoff
turkey
man group
PARDUS
hermes
morgan stanley
Hedge Fund Incubator
goldentree
Adar
social media
nestle
Gold
citigroup
outsource
maga
King Street
viking
people
armored wolf
Moore Emerging Markets
credit
bridgewater
Mark
Tudor
onex
japan
standard pacific
separately Managed Accounts
asia markets
mortgage fund
ids capital
asian hedge fund
PAULSON
focus
administration
hedge fund
HBK
Maverick
pension
sungard
equinox
hugh hendry
fund manager
HEDGE
golden china
Seed
redemptions
aqr
marshall wace
CQS
Kenmar
Rothstein Kass
managed account
Ospraie
new fund launch




Opalesque Roundtable Series - U.K. 2017Current Issue (U.K. 2017)| |Roundtable Archive



ALTERNATIVE 
		MARKET BRIEFINGThe Only Hedge Fund Newswire Read By Elite Managers » More Current Issue |  Subscribe Now | Archive 

NASDAQ 100 Index – Daily
Near Term Trend: BullishFriday’s Close: 5,921.52 (+ 0.01%)UPDATE: Last week, I suggested buying if NDX tests 5,710 with a target of 6,100 and stops below 5678.The NDX continued the recent upside move for the duration of last week – blowing off any concerns about valuations or “top-ticking” the market. Technically, the upside now projects up to 6136 – perhaps after a pullback.Buy any dips in the NDX down to 5,750 with stops on any daily close below 5,709 and with an upside target of 6,136.

Current Issue
 | Subscribe  | 
About















Company Information
About Opalesque
History
Awards & Reviews
Testimonials
Privacy & Security
Terms & Conditions
Site Map
Media Kit
Contact


Publications
 Alternative Market Briefing

Technical Research
NEW MANAGERS




Opalesque Roundtables


Research

Technical Research



Private Equity Strategies



Products & Services

Events
Live Chat (for Traders only)

Connect with Opalesque

 Subscribe to our Services
 Subscribe to our RSS feed
 Connect with us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Twitter
Subscribe to Opalesque.TV




back to top



					Publisher Opalesque is a member of the Opalesque Group. ©	2001-17 Opalesque | All rights reserved. Please visit other member firms and services of the Opalesque Group: 
					
					
					Hedge-Professionals Database  |
					 Opalesque.TV  | Opalesque Solutions





























Neuberger Berman Principal Strategies Fund L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Amato  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Neuberger Berman Principal Strategies Fund L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    190 South La Salle Street Suite 2400 
    Chicago, IL, 60603Phone: 312-325-7700 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-01-18


Amended


$8,750,000


$1,750,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2016-11-14


New


$7,000,000


$7,000,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Joseph V. Amato 
 Executive 


 Lawrence Kohn 
 Executive 


 N/A Neuberger Berman Investment Advisers Llc 
 Executive 


 N/A Neuberger Berman Principal Strategies Gp Llc 
 Promoter 


 Joseph Rotter 
 Executive 












NHS Stock Quote - Neuberger Berman High Yield Strategies Fund
























































What We Offer

Impact Portfolio
Trading Account
IPOs



Why Motif


Who We Are

About Us
Leadership
Press
Careers



Resources

Explore Motifs
Blog
FAQ









Log In
Open Account



Log In
Open Account

















                    Neuberger Berman High Yield Strategies Fund - NHS (AMEX) 


                        11.99                                            

0.00 (0.00%) 


	                	                Quotes delayed 15 mins. Currently July 27, 2017 5:04:21 AM   
                


Sign Up To Buy This Stock
By signing up, you can buy this stock for just $4.95 or purchase it within a Motif






Key Financials

Day Range:11.94 - 12.04
52 Week Range:10.67 - 12.20
Open:11.94
Shares:19.54M
Market Cap:234.29M
EPS:0.52
P/E Ratio:22.90
Div Yield:7.26 


                    Performance
                


Previous close


No Chart Available





Purchase NHS in a Motif

                A motif is an intelligently weighted basket of up to 30 stocks and ETFs built around themes and investing styles.
                
                On our platform, you can buy shares of NHS not only as a single stock, but also as part of a motif.
            




Community Motifs with NHS




Brian's Motif 3
-- 1 YR RTN






Pure Cash Flow - Part 4 of 5
-- 1 YR RTN


View all community motifs with NHS






What Others Think About NHS







FinInvTr
@FinInvTr • Jul 26

Complete List Of Stocks With Dividend Yields Above 5%  buff.ly/2uVGeNw $NAT $NAUH $NCMI $NDRO $NEWM $NEWT $NGL $NHS $NILSY $NLY 



















FinInvTr
@FinInvTr • Jul 25

Complete List Of Stocks With Dividend Yields Above 5%  buff.ly/2uDkG5p $NAT $NAUH $NCMI $NDRO $NEWM $NEWT $NGL $NHS $NILSY $NLY 



















Random Stocks Daily
@randomstocks_d • Jul 22

Obtained randomly: $RSPP $STAR -F $ABR -C $KPTI $AHGP $SXCP $NHS $ARE $GM $NAC . More details at randomstocks.buckmaster.ca 



















Clive Blanchard
@blanchyshed • Jul 19

RT @DrUmeshPrabhu : @blanchyshed @Jeremy_Hunt @doctorcaldwell @shashidharamk @amirhannan @drcmday  Spot on. All good leaders walk the walk. S…





1













Dr Umesh Prabhu
@DrUmeshPrabhu • Jul 19

@blanchyshed @Jeremy_Hunt @doctorcaldwell @shashidharamk @amirhannan @drcmday  Spot on. All good leaders walk the wa… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… 





1


1




See more tweets




News About NHS

16.1% Dividend Yield Makes CEFL Still Attractive
Seeking Alpha (Wed, Jul 26)


FTI Investors Alert: Hagens Berman Alerts Investors in TechnipFMC plc to Investigation into Possible Securities Law Violations Related to Admitted Improper Accounting
PR Newswire (Wed, Jul 26)


Diesel and petrol car ban: Clean air strategy 'not enough' - BBC News
BBC News (Wed, Jul 26)


U.S. Strategies Review: Growth Investing Keeps Paying As Markets Hit New Highs
Seeking Alpha (Wed, Jul 26)


Euro zone yields near one-week highs ahead of Fed meeting
CNBC (Wed, Jul 26)


McDonald's comeback kicks into high gear thanks to new sandwiches
CNN Money (Tue, Jul 25)


4% Dividend Yield From IBM: International Business Machinations?
Seeking Alpha (Tue, Jul 25)


Here's why on trader is betting on more highs for copper
CNBC (Tue, Jul 25)


OCUL Investors Update: Hagens Berman Alerts Investors in Ocular Therapeutix, Inc. to Expanded Class Period in Pending Securities Class Action, Reminds Them of the September 5, 2017 Lead Plaintiff Deadline, and Updates Them About Possible Disclosure Problems Concerning OTX-TP Factors
PR Newswire (Tue, Jul 25)


GOLDMAN SACHS: Bitcoin may need 'another few swings' before making a run at record highs
Business Insider (Mon, Jul 24)






Related Companies Within The Asset Management Sector




BlackRock Inc. - 432.71
BLK






The Bank of New York Mellon Corp. - 53.39
BK




AABA

Altaba Inc. - 58.90
AABA






The Blackstone Group L.P. - 34.49
BX






State Street Corporation - 94.28
STT

























1-855-586-6843call
9am-6pm ET, Monday - Friday
service@motifinvesting.com
P.O. Box 3548, Rancho Cordova, CA 95741





What We Offer
Impact Portfolio
Trading Account
IPOs





Why Motif





Who We Are
About Us
Leadership
Press
Careers




Resources
Explore Motifs
Blog
FAQ
Pricing




Other Sites
Motif Advisor
Motif Capital







Motif Capital Management, Inc., is an SEC-registered investment adviser and a separate, wholly-owned subsidiary of Motif Investing, Inc., a registered broker-dealer and member SIPC.
Member: FINRA | SIPC

Terms of Use
Business Continuity
Business Rule 606
Privacy Policy
Sitemap

© 2017 Motif Investing, Inc. All rights reserved. Build ID production.281




The Exchange Traded Funds prospectus contains its investment objectives, risks, charges, expenses and other important information you should read and consider carefully prior to making an investment decision.
        Please review the current prospectus, available from the Prospectus link on www.motifinvesting.com, by phone at 1-855-586-6843, or in writing at Motif Investing, Inc., P.O. Box 3548, Rancho Cordova, CA  95741.
ETFs have unique features that you should be aware of, which can include distribution of any gains, risks related to securities within the portfolio, and tax consequences. The data quoted herein represents past performance and is not indicative of future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that your investment, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original value. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data provided.  Please review the prospectus or other research tools provided on this site for more recent information. Contact Motif Investing at 1-855-586-6843 to obtain the most recent month-end performance data.
The 30-Day SEC Yield reflects the dividends and interest earned during the past 30 days after the deduction of the ETF’s expenses.  The 30-day SEC Yield is an annual percentage rate based on the ETF's share price and is calculated by dividing the net investment income per share for the 30 days ended on the date of calculation by that day’s maximum share price.  The Distribution Yield is the trailing 12-Month End Yield derived by adding the trailing 12-month's income distributions and dividing the total by the last month's ending share price. Income refers to interest payments from fixed-income ETFs and dividend payments from stock-based ETFs.
The ETF prospectus is provided by DFS (http://www.rrdonnelley.com/financial-services/). The use of this prospectus is restricted solely to the website of Motif Investing and may not be redistributed, copied or otherwise made available without the express written consent of DFS. Donnelley Financial, LLC. d/b/a EDGAR Online and the information providers herein make no claims concerning the validity of the information provided hereby and will not be held liable for any use of this information. The information provided herein may be displayed and printed for your internal use only and may not reproduced, retransmitted, distributed, disseminated, sold, published, broadcast or circulated to anyone without the express written consent of Donnelley Financial, LLC. d/b/a EDGAR Online.


Fixed income investments are subject to various unique risks, including changes in credit quality, market valuations, liquidity, prepayments, early redemption,
    corporate events, tax ramifications, and other factors. Fixed income securities are subject to increased loss of principal during periods of rising interest rates.


The 1-Year Return/Return Since Inception indicates the performance of this particular motif over the last 12 months or, if the motif was created within the past 12 months, since the date the motif was created. See how we calculate returns.


The Motif Index level represents the performance of a benchmark motif (a motif in our catalog) over time. It is set at 
1000 on the date of inception of the motif. For example, a Motif Index of 1100 represents a 10% return since inception. Similarly, the change in the Index over a 
specified period represents the period return on the portfolio holding the same share weights as the benchmark motif.
The Motif Index is a measure created and maintained by the firm, which has the discretion to change the holdings that comprise the index and to make alterations to a particular Motif Index.


Popularity shows you how much interest a motif is attracting, compared to other motifs. We base this score on a proprietary formula that uses factors like how many people are viewing the motif, and how much conversation about it is happening in the community, in a range from Low-to-High.
The Volatility measurement for a Motif represents the annualized standard deviation of daily returns on a portfolio holding the same share weights as the Motif, and is measured in a range from Low to High. Since the standard deviation of returns are commonly used as a measure of portfolio risk, a Volatility measurement that is High is indicative of the fact that holding the motif in the past subjected the holder to larger fluctuations or higher risk.
The Valuation metric represents the present valuation of the stocks in the motif relative to the broader equity market. The Valuation metric is calculated as the composite Price-to-Earnings ratio for the stocks in the motif weighted by their respective share weights in a range from Low to High.


Standard pricing: $9.95 total commission per motif transaction. Other fees may apply. For details on fees and commissions, please   
    click here.

        Performance returns indicate the performance of a particular security over that stated period of time as of the date provided. Performance is quoted for informational purposes only, however, there is no guarantee those returns will continue. See how we calculate returns.
    

        Performance returns, including 1-month Return/Return Since Inception/1-year returns indicates the performance of this particular motif over that stated period of time as of the date provided. Performance is quoted for informational purposes only, however, there is no guarantee those returns will continue. See how we calculate returns.
    
System response time and account access times may vary due to a variety of factors, including trading volumes, market conditions, system performance, and other factors.
Time shown in Eastern Time unless otherwise specified.


The data contained herein from third party providers is obtained from what are considered reliable sources. However, it's accuracy, completeness, or reliability cannot be guaranteed. 


Investing in securities involves risks, you should be aware of prior to making an investment decision, including the possible loss of principal. An investment in individual stocks, or a collection of stocks
    focused on a particular theme or idea, such as a motif, may be subject to increased risk of price fluctuation over more diversified holdings due to adverse developments which can affect a particular industry or sector.
    Investments in ETFs can include those with a narrow or targeted investment strategy and can be subject to similar sector risks than more broadly diversified investments.
    Motif makes no representation regarding the suitability of a particular investment or investment strategy.  You are responsible for all investment decisions you make including understanding the risks involved with your
    investment strategy.   


Please refer to your personal Motif Social Network privacy settings to verify they are current according to your personal requirements. You are responsible
     for establishing your privacy settings according to your unique needs and ensuring they remain current, accurate, and based on your individual and self-directed
     instructions. You should refer to the Terms of Use for further information regarding your authorized use of the Motif Social Network, available on the Support
     page.
Any opinions, comments and recommendations in the Motif Investing Network ("Network") are generated by its members and do not represent the opinions, 
    comments or recommendations of Motif or any of its Associates. The content is intended for educational and informational purposes only and it should 
    not be construed as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell securities, or any other product or service provided by Motif. Motif is not
    responsible for and does not guarantee the accuracy, currency, completeness or usefulness of information, commentary, recommendations, advice, investment
    ideas or other materials generated within Motif's Network by customers and users participating with Social Groups. The content within the Motif Network is
    not personalized or tailored in any way to a user or customer's financial circumstances, investment objectives, risk tolerance or time horizon and the
    securities and investment strategies discussed may not be suitable for participants. Any performance data displayed has not been verified and is not an
    indication of future results. All investments are subject to risk. Content presented in the Motif Network is subject to edit or removal without notice.


While certain companies may have consistently paid dividends in the past, there can be no assurance or guarantee that they will be able to continue paying dividends in the future.


International investments involve additional risks you should be aware of, which include differences in financial accounting standards,
    currency fluctuations, political instability, foreign taxes and regulations, news that can trigger volatile conditions, and the potential 
    for illiquid markets. Small cap companies in these markets may react with greater volatility in reaction to activities in those markets.





















Neuberger Berman - HedgeFundJobList














































































sales@hedgefundjoblist.com



 









High Quality Hedge Fund Lists & Private Equity Lists 




Home
About
Prices/Lists
Frequently Asked Questions
Blog
Contact









 

 





­ 



Previous Next 

Neuberger Berman 



Neuberger Berman – Hedge Fund Company Info
Description:
Neuberger Berman is a hedge fund management company based in New York, NY and has approximately $122.1129 billion in assets under management. Neuberger Berman specializes in Fund of Funds and was founded in 1937.
Contact Details
 
Address:
605 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10158
United States
Phone/Fax:
Phone: 212-476-000
Fax: 212-476-862
Other Contact Details:
Website: www.nb.com
Fund Size:
Current AUM: Available
Basic Fund Details:
Investment Strategies: Fund of Funds    
SEC Registered: No
Year Founded: 1937
Key Employees:
Brad…, Director
Key Executive Details
Other Details:
# of Employees: 260
Employment Info:
Career/HR Email: ….@nb.com
Hiring Status: Available
Download Info In Excel Format
Find 30 categories of updated info on Neuberger Berman including all of the above info in the below lists:
United States Hedge Fund List

Mid-Atlantic Region Hedge Fund / PE List
×Neuberger Berman Main Email Address
The main corporate email address for Neuberger Berman is available as part of its listing in the following downloadable hedge fund lists:
United States Hedge Fund List

Mid-Atlantic Region Hedge Fund / PE ListClose×Neuberger Berman AUM
Updated assets under management information for Neuberger Berman is available as part of its listing in the following downloadable hedge fund lists:
United States Hedge Fund List

Mid-Atlantic Region Hedge Fund / PE ListClose×Neuberger Berman Client InfoInformation on clients of Neuberger Berman is available as part of its listing in the following downloadable hedge fund lists:
United States Hedge Fund List

Mid-Atlantic Region Hedge Fund / PE ListClose×Neuberger Berman Executive Contacts
Full details for top executives at Neuberger Berman, including name, position, and email addresses are available as part of its listing in the following downloadable hedge fund lists:
United States Hedge Fund List

Mid-Atlantic Region Hedge Fund / PE ListClose×Neuberger Berman Employment InfoInterested in a job with Neuberger Berman? Our unique “hiring status” column shows you if they are currently hiring new employees. Also access their HR/Career emails as part of its listing in the following downloadable hedge fund lists:
United States Hedge Fund List

Mid-Atlantic Region Hedge Fund / PE ListClose 


Popular
Recent






United States Hedge Fund List

													May 27th, 2016												




Lake Hill Capital Management

													September 19th, 2016												




Top 75 US Hedge Funds 2016

													May 27th, 2016												








Manning Napier Advisors

													September 29th, 2016												




CEA Principal Advisors Group

													September 29th, 2016												




Woodside Capital Partners

													September 29th, 2016												
















Tags@
Absolute Return
Aerospace/Defense
Arbitrage
AUM
Business Services
clients
Commodities
Consumer Products
Convertibles
Credit
Distressed Assets
Distribution
Email address
Emerging Markets
Energy
Equity
Event Driven
Financial Services
Fixed Income
Food and Beverage
founded
Fund of Funds
Funds
Global Equity
Global Macro
Health Care
Hedge Fund
Industrials
Investment Bank
Investment Banking
Long/Short
Managed Futures
Manufacturing
Media
Middle Market
Multi Strategy
phone
Private Equity
Real Estate
Services
Small Cap
Technology
Value
Ventures


By admin|2016-08-21T14:54:14+00:00August 21st, 2016|Fund of Funds, Hedge Fund|0 Comments 
Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!
 

About the Author: admin 

 






Comments are closed.


 
 
  
 
 
 













Neuberger Berman Genesis FundNeuberger Berman Genesis Fund1Fund Facts
         
      
                    Inception Date:
                  Aug 26, 1993
                    CUSIP:
                  640917100
                        Ticker Symbol:
                      NBGEXMorningstar Category:‡Small Growth
                        As of
                         Jun 30, 2017Fund Net Assets†
                        ($millions)
                      
                        $11,122Documents for Fund or Underlying Fund(s)
         
      ProspectusDescriptionPerformance & ExpensesDistributionsMorningstar InformationCharacteristicsStatisticsDescriptionObjective†
         
      The investment seeks growth of capital.Principal Investment Strategies†
         
      The fund invests mainly in common stocks of small-capitalization companies, which it defines as those with a total market value of no more than $2 billion at the time the fund first invests in them. It may continue to hold or add to a position in a stock after the company's market value has grown beyond $2 billion. The fund seeks to reduce risk by diversifying among many companies and industries.Principal Investment Risks
         
      
          There is no guarantee that the Fund will achieve its investment objective.
          You may lose money by investing in the Fund.
          
          Please see the Fund’s prospectus or other disclosure documents for information about the Fund’s risks.
        
       
    Performance & ExpensesStandard Performance
                As of
                 Jun 30, 2017
                  Fund/Benchmark Name
                QtrYTD1-Yr3-Yr5-Yr10-YrSince InceptionNeuberger Berman Genesis Trusta2.09%5.11%17.42%7.19%12.48%7.96%12.14%Russell 2000 Indexa,b2.46%4.99%24.60%7.36%13.70%6.92%N/AMorningstar Small Growtha,c4.33%10.15%23.12%6.67%12.81%7.05%N/AFund past performance, as shown, is no guarantee of how the Fund will perform in the future. The performance shown has been annualized for periods greater than one year. Investment returns and principal value will fluctuate, so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. For current performance, visit www.icmarc.org.Fund performance is shown comparing it to a "benchmark" which may be a (i) broad-based securities market index (ii) a group of mutual funds with similar investment objectives, or (iii) a short term government backed debt obligation such as a U.S. Treasury Bill. An index is not available for direct investment, is unmanaged, and does not reflect the costs of portfolio management or trading. A fund's portfolio may differ from the securities held in an index.Annual Fund Operating ExpensesTotal Expensesa1.10%
       
    a. Certain information including, but not limited to, benchmark performance or other performance and/or fee information, is provided by Morningstar, Inc., © 2017 All rights reserved. This information: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar and/or its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of information. Morningstar is a registered trademark of Morningstar, Inc.b. The Russell 2000® Index measures the performance of the small-cap segment of the U.S. equity universe. The Russell 2000® Index is a subset of the Russell 3000® Index, and includes approximately 2,000 of the smallest securities based on a combination of their market cap and current index membership.c. The Fund’s Morningstar Category Average is a group of funds with similar investment objectives and strategies and is the equal–weighted return of all funds per category. Morningstar places funds in certain categories based on a fund’s historical portfolio holdings.DistributionsDividends and Capital Gains
         
      
                  Record Date
                
                  Ex/Payable Date
                
                  Income/Capital Gains Paid Per Share
                Dec 16, 2016Dec  16, 2016$3.547200000Dec 17, 2015Dec  17, 2015$5.580300000Dec 15, 2014Dec  15, 2014$4.944700000Dec 16, 2013Dec  16, 2013$4.693700000Dec 14, 2012Dec  14, 2012$2.222800000
       
    Morningstar InformationMorningstar RatingTM
         
      
                As of
                Jun 30, 2017
                  Period
                
                  Stars
                
                  Category Size
                
                  Overall
                599
                  3-Year
                599
                  5-Year
                533
                  10-Year
                398The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or “star rating”, is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange–traded funds, closed–end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three–year history. Exchange–traded funds and open–ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk–Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product′s monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three–, five–, and 10–year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three–year rating for 36–59 months of total returns, 60% five–year rating⁄40% three–year rating for 60–119 months of total returns, and 50% 10–year rating⁄30% five–year rating⁄20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.Morningstar Stylebox†
                  As of
                  Jun 30, 2017
                      Equity Stylebox
                    Allocation of Assets†
                  As of
                  Mar 31, 2017
                    Type of Asset
                  
                    Percent
                  Equity99%Fixed Income0%Cash/Other1%
                Due to rounding, percentages shown may not add up to 100%.
              
       
    
       
    CharacteristicsAllocation of Assets†
                As of
                Mar 31, 2017Asset ClassPercentDomestic Stock94.0%Foreign Stock4.6%Domestic Bond0.0%Foreign Bond0.0%Preferred0.0%Convertible0.0%Cash1.4%Other0.0%
              Due to rounding, percentages shown may not add up to 100%.
            
       
    Equity Sector†
              As of
              Mar 31, 2017SectorPercentIndustrials20.7%Technology18.0%Financial Services17.6%Consumer Cyclical14.0%Healthcare12.7%Basic Materials7.8%Consumer Defensive5.2%Energy2.3%Real Estate0.3%
            Exposure reflects equity securities only and will sum to the equity exposure of the fund.
          
       
    Top Ten Holdings†
              As of
              Mar 31, 2017Holding NamePercentPool Corp2.2%West Pharmaceutical Services Inc2.1%Sensient Technologies Corp1.8%Church & Dwight Co Inc1.7%Fair Isaac Corp1.7%IDEXX Laboratories Inc1.6%Bank of Hawaii Corp1.6%Tyler Technologies Inc1.6%Manhattan Associates Inc1.6%Littelfuse Inc1.6%
       
    StatisticsPortfolio Statistics†
                      As of
                      Jun 30, 2017Statistic3-Year5-YearBeta0.740.76Alpha1.451.83Standard Deviation11.9511.20
       
    
       
    
            Footnotes
          1.Please read the fund's prospectus carefully for a complete summary of all fees, expenses, investment objectives and strategies, risks, financial highlights, and performance information. Investing involves risk, including possible loss of the amount invested. Investors should carefully consider the information contained in the prospectus before investing. You may contact us to obtain a prospectus or to answer questions by calling 800-669-7400, emailing investorservices@icmarc.org, or visiting www.icmarc.org.†The source for this information is Morningstar, Inc. Copyright © 2017 Morningstar, Inc.® All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Morningstar, Inc. is a global investment research firm that is not affiliated with ICMA-RC. ICMA-RC does not independently verify Morningstar data.‡Morningstar places funds in certain categories based on the fund's historical portfolio holdings. Placement of a fund in a particular Morningstar category does not mean that the fund will remain in that category or that it will invest primarily in securities consistent with its Morningstar category. A fund's investment strategy and portfolio holdings are governed by its prospectus, guidelines or other governing documents, not its Morningstar category.^ Back to Top