

Neurovance Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























neurovance inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Biotech & Pharma
Sub-Industry: Specialty Pharma
Neurovance Inc. manufactures and designs pharmaceutical drugs and medications. The Company develops pharmaceutical preparations for the treatment of disorder of the central nervous system. Neurovance operates and markets drugs throughout the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

43 Thorndike Street
Suite S1-3
Cambridge, MA 02141
United States


Phone:
1-617-758-0300


Fax:
-





Board Members




Chairman/CEO
Company


Jeffrey Bailey
Neurovance Inc








Board Members
Company


Timothy Barberich
Bionevia Pharmaceuticals Inc


Paul Weiss
Procertus Biopharm Inc


Daniel Omstead
Tekla Capital Management LLC


Campbell Murray
Euthymics Bioscience Inc




Show More
























From The Web












Press Releases




Alexion Announces Executive Leadership Changes

May 23, 2017






Key Executives


Jeffrey Allen Bailey "Jeff"


Chairman/CEO




Anthony A McKinney


Chief Development Ofcr/Founder







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































 


Otsuka Pharmaceutical to Acquire Neurovance, Inc. | Discover Otsuka | Otsuka in the U.S.




Welcome to Otsuka in the U.S.Otsuka in the U.S.













Otsuka's affiliated companies around the world work with a shared commitment to "contribute to better health worldwide"Otsuka Global Website JapanAsia, The Middle East and Oceania Australia China Egypt Indonesia Pakistan Philippines South Korea Taiwan Thailand VietnamNorth and South America Brazil Canada USEurope EU Union Denmark Finland France Germany Italy Norway Spain Sweden Switzerland UK








Search
News & Media
Otsuka Pharmaceutical to Acquire Neurovance, Inc.
 
Acquisition of clinical-stage company in ADHD widens Otsuka’s presence in mental health
Tokyo, Japan – March 3, 2017 – Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (OPC) today announces an agreement with Neurovance, Inc. (Neurovance) under which OPC has agreed to acquire Neurovance, a privately held, venture-funded, clinical stage pharmaceutical company focused on attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and related disorders.  
Under the terms of the agreement, Otsuka America, Inc. (OAI), a subsidiary of OPC, is to provide an estimated USD $100 million in upfront payments at closing, up to $150 million in additional payments contingent on achievement of development and approval milestones, and future additional payments contingent on achievement of sales milestones. The contract was signed on March 2 (U.S. Eastern Standard Time), and the transaction closing is expected to occur in the second quarter of 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.
Neurovance is developing centanafadine (CTN, formerly EB-1020) for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in adult and pediatric patients. The company is based in Cambridge, Mass., and was established as a spin-off from Euthymics Bioscience, Inc. in 2011.
Centanafadine is a non-stimulant, triple reuptake inhibitor that modulates norepinephrine, dopamine and serotonin reuptake with the intent of improving focus, attention, and specific higher level cognitive skills in patients with ADHD. Two phase II clinical trials in adults, including a phase IIb trial, have been completed for centanafadine, setting the stage for the start of phase III trials in ADHD.
Tatsuo Higuchi, president and executive director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. commented, “Otsuka has been investing prudently in acquiring assets and collaborating on the development of new technologies that address specific patient needs in the central nervous system, cardio-renal and oncology therapeutic areas. Neurovance’s resources will be a welcomed, integral part of our activities in CNS.”
The acquisition of Neurovance is an extension to ADHD of Otsuka’s strategy in the CNS therapy area to develop new products that can also address issues of importance to patients such as compliance with medicine taking or the challenging side effects from existing medications. Centanafadine is a non-stimulant drug candidate which in its development to date has shown that it may achieve comparable efficacy to stimulant drugs with a potentially lower risk of abuse.  
Following the consummation of the transaction, Neurovance will be an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
About ADHD
Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a CNS disorder marked by a persistent pattern of inattention and/or hyperactivity-impulsivity that interferes with functioning or development. Some people with ADHD only have problems with one of the behaviors, while others have symptoms of both inattention and hyperactivity-impulsivity. Most children with ADHD have the combined type.
ADHD symptoms often appear in childhood and can continue through adolescence and adulthood. Symptoms of ADHD can be mistaken for emotional or disciplinary problems or missed entirely in quiet, well-behaved children, leading to a delay in diagnosis. Adults with undiagnosed ADHD may have a history of problems at work, difficult or failed relationships, or poor academic performance.
Scientists are not sure what causes ADHD. Like many other illnesses, a number of factors can contribute to ADHD, such as genes, exposure to cigarette smoking, alcohol use, drug use  or environmental toxins during pregnancy, low birth weight, or brain injuries. ADHD is more common in males than females. Other conditions, such as learning disabilities, anxiety disorder, conduct disorder, depression, and substance abuse, are common in people with ADHD.[i]
Attention-deficit hyper activity disorder affects both children and adults. The lifetime prevalence of ADHD in adolescents aged 13 to 18 in the U.S. is 9%, and of those, 1.8% are classified as “severe.” [ii] In U.S. adults aged 18 and older, the lifetime prevalence is 8.1% with the average age of onset being 7.[iii]  The 12-month prevalence in U.S. adults is 4.1%, with 41.3% of those being classified as “severe.”[iv] The global market size for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder therapies was USD $11.2 billion in FY 2016.[v]
Learn more about adult ADHD from the organization ADHD in ADULTS at www.ADHDinadults.com.
For additional information on ADHD, please visit the National Institute of Mental Health website.

About Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Otsuka Pharmaceutical is a global healthcare company with the corporate philosophy: “Otsuka-people creating new products for better health worldwide.” Otsuka researches, develops, manufactures and markets innovative products, with a focus on pharmaceutical products for the treatment of diseases and nutraceutical products for the maintenance of everyday health.
In pharmaceuticals, Otsuka is a leader in the challenging area of mental health and also has research programs on several under-addressed diseases including tuberculosis, a significant global public health issue. These commitments illustrate how Otsuka is a “big venture” company at heart, applying a youthful spirit of creativity in everything it does.
Otsuka Pharmaceutical is a wholly owned subsidiary of Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd., the holding company for the Otsuka group of companies that is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan. Otsuka Holdings had consolidated sales of approximately USD 11 billion in 2016 and approximately 31,000 employees at year end. Otsuka Pharmaceutical welcomes you to visit its global website at https://www.otsuka.co.jp/en. Learn more about Otsuka in the U.S. at www.otsuka-us.com and connect with us on Twitter at @OtsukaUS.

About Neurovance, Inc.
Headquartered in Cambridge, MA, Neurovance is a clinical stage neuroscience-focused company. Hypothesis-driven, proprietary research at Neurovance discovered and developed centanafadine (CTN), a triple reuptake inhibitor that represents a novel approach to help adults and children with ADHD, Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder. Neurovance is funded in a venture capital investment by Novartis Venture Fund, Venture Investors, Tekla Capital Management, GBS Venture Partners, State of Wisconsin Investment Board (SWIB) and Timothy J. Barberich.
Forward-looking Statements
Certain statements contained in this press release, including without limitation expectations as to future sales and operating results, constitute forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements in this press release include statements regarding the anticipated benefits of the transaction; statements regarding the anticipated timing of filings and approvals relating to the transaction; statements regarding the expected timing of the completion of the transaction; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “plans,” “intends,” “estimates,” “projects,” “forecasts,” “outlook,” and similar expressions are also intended to identify forward-looking statements. The statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors which may cause the company's actual results, earnings, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to, the following: general industry and market conditions, general domestic and international economic conditions such as interest rate and currency exchange fluctuations, technological advances and patents attained by competitors, challenges inherent in new product development and clinical trials, claims and concerns about product safety and efficacy, obtaining regulatory approvals, domestic and foreign healthcare reforms, and healthcare cost containment, laws and regulations affecting domestic and foreign operations, and failure to gain market acceptance or third-party consents. Risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ from expectations also include: uncertainties as to the timing of the offer and merger; uncertainties as to how many Neurovance stockholders will proffer their stock in the offer; the risk that competing offers will be made; and the possibility that various closing conditions for the transaction may not be satisfied or waived, including that a governmental entity may prohibit, delay or refuse to grant approval for the consummation of the transaction. We will not undertake and specifically decline any obligation to update or correct any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events.

[i] National Institute of Mental Health, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.  Available at: https://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/topics/attention-deficit-hyperactivity-disorder-adhd/index.shtml (Accessed February 2017)
[ii] Merikangas KR, He J, Burstein M, Swanson SA, Avenevoli S, Cui L, Benjet C, Georgiades K, Swendsen J. Lifetime prevalence of mental disorders in U.S. adolescents: Results from the National Comorbidity Study-Adolescent Supplement (NCS-A). J Am Acad Child Adolesc Psychiatry. 2010 Oct;49(10):980-989.
[iii] Kessler RC, Berglund PA, Demler O, Jin R, Walters EE. Lifetime prevalence and age-of-onset distributions of DSM-IV disorders in the National Comorbidity Survey Replication (NCS-R). Archives of General Psychiatry. 2005 Jun;62(6):593–602.
[iv]Kessler RC, Chiu WT, Demler O, Walters EE. Prevalence, severity, and comorbidity of twelve-month DSM-IV disorders in the National Comorbidity Survey Replication (NCS-R). Archives of General Psychiatry, 2005 Jun;62(6):617–27
[v] IMS MIDAS database (accessed February 2017)
Otsuka Contacts
Media: Jeffrey Gilbert Leader, Pharmaceutical PR     Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co, Ltd.  gilbert.jeffrey@otsuka.co.jp  +81 3 6361 7379, +81 80 8728 6039
  U.S.  Kimberly Whitefield Corporate Communications Otsuka America Pharmaceutical, Inc.              kimberly.whitefield@otsuka-us.com
+1 609 535-9259
February 2017     01US17EUC0032Press Releases 02 Mar 2017Share on










Back to News & Media






Back to Press Releases






Next Press Releases


























	Neurovance Inc. - Company Profile - BioCentury




























































Publications
archives
BCIQ
Conferences
version 4.3.15.600





Free Trial / Subscribe


SIGN IN



English
简体中文
日本語
한국어







Biocentury





Menu





                                        Home
                                        
+




                                        Publications
                                        
+



Publications Home >


BioCentury>


BC Innovations>


BC Extra>


BC Week In Review>


Current Issues>




Archives 
                                        
+



Archives Home >


Basic Search>


Advanced Search>


Back Issues>




BCIQ
                                        
+



BCIQ Home >


Overview>


Pipeline Analyst>


Financial Analyst>


Company Analyst>


Deal Analyst>




Conferences 
                                        
+




Conferences Home >


Newsmakers


Bio€quity Europe


Future Leaders


China Healthcare Summit


Other Industry Events





eLearning 
                                        
+



eLearning Home >


Videos>


White Papers>


                                            Follow Us
                                            


























BCIQ / Company Profile


BCIQ Overview   |    
                        Settings   |   
                        Support















Biocentury



Print this                                                    
                        
















                         
                            

    

    

    
                         
                        



                            Neurovance Inc.
                        









print preview


export


bookmark


share with colleague





















General Information
                    






 Location

Cambridge, Mass.


 Region

New England


 Country

U.S.


 Business Category

Neurology


 Year Founded

2012


 Website

http://www.neurovance.com



 Lead Product Status

Phase II






















 Archive Items are loading
                            













 Financial Information
                        






 Financing
                                                Summary







 Financing Details







 Earnings
                                    Summary
                                






 Stocks Annual Chart
                                





















 Pipeline Information
                        






 Pipeline
                                                Summary







 Pipeline Details




















 Deals Information
                        






 Deals
                                                Summary







 Deals Details






















About Biocentury


Company Overview


Management


Editorial & Research




Contact


Contact Us


Advertising & Sponsorship


Career Opportunities




Support


Forgot Password


Customer Service


Reprints


FAQs




Products & Solutions


Products Overview


Publications


Archives


BCIQ


Conferences


eLearning


RSS Feeds




Legal


User Agreement


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Your California Privacy Rights


Use of Images

Follow Us
                            











What is BioCentury?
BioCentury employs a fully integrated multimedia platform — including publications, video, online data solutions and conferences — to provide its audience with authoritative and up-to-date intelligence about corporate strategy, partnering, emerging technology, clinical data, public policy and the financial markets.

Sign in
Free Trial












© 2017 BioCentury Inc. All Rights Reserved.
     
                        Terms & Conditions
                          |  
                        Privacy Policy











Set Email Alert






dummy











 



Otsuka Pharmaceutical to Acquire Neurovance, Inc. | Business Wire
























































Otsuka Pharmaceutical to Acquire Neurovance, Inc.




Acquisition of clinical-stage company in ADHD widens Otsuka’s 
      presence in mental health






March 02, 2017 04:05 PM Eastern Standard Time



TOKYO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (OPC) today announces an agreement with 
      Neurovance, Inc. (Neurovance) under which OPC has agreed to acquire 
      Neurovance, a privately held, venture-funded, clinical stage 
      pharmaceutical company focused on attention-deficit hyperactivity 
      disorder (ADHD) and related disorders.
    


      Under the terms of the agreement, Otsuka America, Inc. (OAI), a 
      subsidiary of OPC, is to provide an estimated USD $100 million in 
      upfront payments at closing, up to $150 million in additional payments 
      contingent on achievement of development and approval milestones, and 
      future additional payments contingent on achievement of sales 
      milestones. The contract was signed on March 2 (U.S. Eastern Standard 
      Time), and the transaction closing is expected to occur in the second 
      quarter of 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.
    

      Neurovance is developing centanafadine (CTN, formerly EB-1020) for the 
      treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in adult and 
      pediatric patients. The company is based in Cambridge, Mass., and was 
      established as a spin-off from Euthymics Bioscience, Inc. in 2011.
    

      Centanafadine is a non-stimulant, triple reuptake inhibitor that 
      modulates norepinephrine, dopamine and serotonin reuptake with the 
      intent of improving focus, attention, and specific higher level 
      cognitive skills in patients with ADHD. Two phase II clinical trials in 
      adults, including a phase IIb trial, have been completed for 
      centanafadine, setting the stage for the start of phase III trials in 
      ADHD.
    

      Tatsuo Higuchi, president and executive director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical 
      Co., Ltd. commented, “Otsuka has been investing prudently in acquiring 
      assets and collaborating on the development of new technologies that 
      address specific patient needs in the central nervous system, 
      cardio-renal and oncology therapeutic areas. Neurovance’s resources will 
      be a welcomed, integral part of our activities in CNS.”
    

      The acquisition of Neurovance is an extension to ADHD of Otsuka’s 
      strategy in the CNS therapy area to develop new products that can also 
      address issues of importance to patients such as compliance with 
      medicine taking or the challenging side effects from existing 
      medications. Centanafadine is a non-stimulant drug candidate which in 
      its development to date has shown that it may achieve comparable 
      efficacy to stimulant drugs with a potentially lower risk of abuse.
    

      Following the consummation of the transaction, Neurovance will be an 
      indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
    

About ADHD


      Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a CNS disorder marked 
      by a persistent pattern of inattention and/or hyperactivity-impulsivity 
      that interferes with functioning or development. Some people with ADHD 
      only have problems with one of the behaviors, while others have symptoms 
      of both inattention and hyperactivity-impulsivity. Most children with 
      ADHD have the combined type.
    

      ADHD symptoms often appear in childhood and can continue through 
      adolescence and adulthood. Symptoms of ADHD can be mistaken for 
      emotional or disciplinary problems or missed entirely in quiet, 
      well-behaved children, leading to a delay in diagnosis. Adults with 
      undiagnosed ADHD may have a history of problems at work, difficult or 
      failed relationships, or poor academic performance.
    

      Scientists are not sure what causes ADHD. Like many other illnesses, a 
      number of factors can contribute to ADHD, such as genes, exposure to 
      cigarette smoking, alcohol use, drug use or environmental toxins during 
      pregnancy, low birth weight, or brain injuries. ADHD is more common in 
      males than females. Other conditions, such as learning disabilities, 
      anxiety disorder, conduct disorder, depression, and substance abuse, are 
      common in people with ADHD.1


      Attention-deficit hyper activity disorder affects both children and 
      adults. The lifetime prevalence of ADHD in adolescents aged 13 to 18 in 
      the U.S. is 9%, and of those, 1.8% are classified as “severe.” 2 
      In U.S. adults aged 18 and older, the lifetime prevalence is 8.1% with 
      the average age of onset being 7.3 The 12-month prevalence in 
      U.S. adults is 4.1%, with 41.3% of those being classified as “severe.”4 
      The global market size for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder 
      therapies was USD $11.2 billion in FY 2016.5


      Learn more about adult ADHD from the organization ADHD in ADULTS at www.ADHDinadults.com.
    

      For additional information on ADHD, please visit the National 
      Institute of Mental Health website.
    

About Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.


      Otsuka Pharmaceutical is a global healthcare company with the corporate 
      philosophy: “Otsuka-people creating new products for better health 
      worldwide.” Otsuka researches, develops, manufactures and markets 
      innovative products, with a focus on pharmaceutical products for the 
      treatment of diseases and nutraceutical products for the maintenance of 
      everyday health.
    

      In pharmaceuticals, Otsuka is a leader in the challenging area of mental 
      health and also has research programs on several under-addressed 
      diseases including tuberculosis, a significant global public health 
      issue. These commitments illustrate how Otsuka is a “big venture” 
      company at heart, applying a youthful spirit of creativity in everything 
      it does.
    

      Otsuka Pharmaceutical is a wholly owned subsidiary of Otsuka Holdings 
      Co., Ltd., the holding company for the Otsuka group of companies that is 
      headquartered in Tokyo, Japan. Otsuka Holdings had consolidated sales of 
      approximately USD 11 billion in 2016 and approximately 31,000 employees 
      at year end. Otsuka Pharmaceutical welcomes you to visit its global 
      website at https://www.otsuka.co.jp/en. 
      Learn more about Otsuka in the U.S. at www.otsuka-us.com 
      and connect with us on Twitter at @OtsukaUS.
    

About Neurovance, Inc.


      Headquartered in Cambridge, MA, Neurovance is a clinical stage 
      neuroscience-focused company. Hypothesis-driven, proprietary research at 
      Neurovance discovered and developed centanafadine (CTN), a triple 
      reuptake inhibitor that represents a novel approach to help adults and 
      children with ADHD, Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder. Neurovance 
      is funded in a venture capital investment by Novartis Venture Fund, 
      Venture Investors, Tekla Capital Management, GBS Venture Partners, State 
      of Wisconsin Investment Board (SWIB) and Timothy J. Barberich.
    

Forward-looking Statements


      Certain statements contained in this press release, including without 
      limitation expectations as to future sales and operating results, 
      constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in 
      this press release include statements regarding the anticipated benefits 
      of the transaction; statements regarding the anticipated timing of 
      filings and approvals relating to the transaction; statements regarding 
      the expected timing of the completion of the transaction; and any 
      statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Words such as 
      “expects,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “plans,” “intends,” “estimates,” 
      “projects,” “forecasts,” “outlook,” and similar expressions are also 
      intended to identify forward-looking statements. The statements involve 
      known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors which may 
      cause the company's actual results, earnings, performance, or 
      achievements to be materially different from any future results, 
      performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such 
      forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited 
      to, the following: general industry and market conditions, general 
      domestic and international economic conditions such as interest rate and 
      currency exchange fluctuations, technological advances and patents 
      attained by competitors, challenges inherent in new product development 
      and clinical trials, claims and concerns about product safety and 
      efficacy, obtaining regulatory approvals, domestic and foreign 
      healthcare reforms, and healthcare cost containment, laws and 
      regulations affecting domestic and foreign operations, and failure to 
      gain market acceptance or third-party consents. Risks and uncertainties 
      that could cause results to differ from expectations also include: 
      uncertainties as to the timing of the offer and merger; uncertainties as 
      to how many Neurovance stockholders will proffer their stock in the 
      offer; the risk that competing offers will be made; and the possibility 
      that various closing conditions for the transaction may not be satisfied 
      or waived, including that a governmental entity may prohibit, delay or 
      refuse to grant approval for the consummation of the transaction. We 
      will not undertake and specifically decline any obligation to update or 
      correct any forward-looking statements to reflect events or 
      circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the 
      occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events.
    

1 National Institute of Mental Health, Attention Deficit 
      Hyperactivity Disorder. Available at: https://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/topics/attention-deficit-hyperactivity-disorder-adhd/index.shtml 
      (Accessed February 2017)2 Merikangas KR, He J, Burstein 
      M, Swanson SA, Avenevoli S, Cui L, Benjet C, Georgiades K, Swendsen J. 
      Lifetime prevalence of mental disorders in U.S. adolescents: Results 
      from the National Comorbidity Study-Adolescent Supplement (NCS-A). J Am 
      Acad Child Adolesc Psychiatry. 2010 Oct;49(10):980-989.3 
      Kessler RC, Berglund PA, Demler O, Jin R, Walters EE. Lifetime 
      prevalence and age-of-onset distributions of DSM-IV disorders in the 
      National Comorbidity Survey Replication (NCS-R). Archives of General 
      Psychiatry. 2005 Jun;62(6):593–602.4 Kessler RC, Chiu 
      WT, Demler O, Walters EE. Prevalence, severity, and comorbidity of 
      twelve-month DSM-IV disorders in the National Comorbidity Survey 
      Replication (NCS-R). Archives of General Psychiatry, 2005 
      Jun;62(6):617–275 IMS MIDAS database (accessed February 
      2017)
    


Contacts

Otsuka ContactsMedia:Otsuka Pharmaceutical 
      Co., Ltd.Jeffrey Gilbert, +81 3 6361 7379Leader, 
      Pharmaceutical PRMobile: +81 80 8728 6039gilbert.jeffrey@otsuka.co.jpU.S.Otsuka 
      America Pharmaceutical, Inc.Kimberly Whitefield, +1 609 535-9259Corporate 
      Communicationskimberly.whitefield@otsuka-us.com
















Release Summary
Otsuka Pharmaceutical to Acquire Neurovance, Inc., a Clinical-Stage Company






Contacts

Otsuka ContactsMedia:Otsuka Pharmaceutical 
      Co., Ltd.Jeffrey Gilbert, +81 3 6361 7379Leader, 
      Pharmaceutical PRMobile: +81 80 8728 6039gilbert.jeffrey@otsuka.co.jpU.S.Otsuka 
      America Pharmaceutical, Inc.Kimberly Whitefield, +1 609 535-9259Corporate 
      Communicationskimberly.whitefield@otsuka-us.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up

















Otsuka Pharmaceutical to Acquire Neurovance, Inc.
Acquisition of clinical-stage company in ADHD widens Otsuka’s presence in mental health｜Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.







































Contacts
Change Font Size
日本語




About Otsuka


About Otsuka


Otsuka's Vision
President's Message
Corporate Philosophy


Corporate Profile
Financial Performance
 Electronic Financial Disclosure (in Japanese)
Facility Overview
Original Global Development
Otsuka Stories
Timeline of Otsuka’s History
Corporate Symbol


Contact Addresses in Japan
Affiliated Companies in and Outside Japan




Business Descriptions
Otsuka’s Two Core Businesses


Pharmaceutical Business


Central Nervous System
Tuberculosis
Ophthalmology
Oncology




Pharmaceutical Business Products


Global Topics
News Releases




Nutraceutical Business


Rehydration
Soylution
Cosmedics





Nutraceutical Business Products








Career & Talents
Our Products


Our Products

Nutraceutical Business Products


POCARI SWEAT
POCARI SWEAT ION WATER
ORONAMIN C
Calorie Mate
Nature Made
Gerblé
FIBE-MINI
BODYMAINTÉ
Amino-Value
energen
Jog Mate Protein JELLY


theCALCIUM
Kenja-no-shokutakuDouble Support
Kenja-no-kaiminSleep Rhythm Support
OMUGI SEIKATSU


For women


EQUELLE






Soylution


SOYJOY
SOYSH
SoyCarat


Cosmedics


UL･OS
InnerSignal


OTC Drugs


Oronine
NEW SARALIN




For Infants


BeanStalk


Medical Foods


OS-1




 TV Ads (in Japanese)


Frequently Asked Questions


FAQs About Drinks, Food Products, and Supplements	






Health & Illness


Health & Illness

Nutrition


Get Enough! The SurprisingFacts About Dietary Fiber
True Achievers PursueNutritional Balance
Everything You Need to KnowAbout GI




Health


Protect Yourself From Heat Disorders
Locomotive Syndrome
Skin Care Q&A
Living Well With Menopause


Preventing Traveler'sThrombosis(Economy Class Syndrome)




Central Nervous System Diseases


Schizophrenia,Bipolar disorder, Depression,Pediatric autism spectrum disorder
Tenkan info (in Japanese)
Restless Legs Syndrome


Ophthalmology


Do You Have the Symptomsof Dry Eye?




Lifestyle-related Diseases


Metabolic Syndrome Classroom


Digestive System Diseases


Get Your Healthy Stomach Back
Liver Cirrhosis Nutritional Therapy That Anyone Can Do




Skin Conditions


Acne! Are You Doing AnythingAbout It?




Sports


BCAA Helps Maintain Exercise Performance!




Cardiovascular Diseases


PAD: Be Careful ofChanges in Your Limbs



Communicable Diseases Respiratory Illnesses


Did You Know There Are Quick Tests for infectious Diseases?






Innovation & Science


Innovation & Science

Original Research & Development
  Pharmaceutical Product Pipeline
Principal Research & Development Facilities
Clinical Trial Data Transparency




Our Commitments


Our Commitments

Social Activities
Listening to Customer
Diversity
Otsuka People Talk
 Otsuka Museum of Art
Environmental Activities
Compliance and Risk Management
Download Our CSR Report




Global Partners



Tweet








News Releases

HOME
About Otsuka
News Releases
2017
Otsuka Pharmaceutical to Acquire Neurovance, Inc. ... 


Most Recent Releases
2017
2016
2015

Past News


2014

2013

2012

2011

2010

2009

2008

2007

2006










Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
March 3, 2017


Pharmaceuticals

Otsuka Pharmaceutical to Acquire Neurovance, Inc.
Acquisition of clinical-stage company in ADHD widens Otsuka’s presence in mental health


Tweet





Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (OPC) today announces an agreement with Neurovance, Inc. (Neurovance) under which OPC has agreed to acquire Neurovance, a privately held, venture-funded, clinical stage pharmaceutical company focused on attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and related disorders.  

Under the terms of the agreement, Otsuka America, Inc. (OAI), a subsidiary of OPC, is to provide an estimated USD $100 million in upfront payments at closing, up to $150 million in additional payments contingent on achievement of development and approval milestones, and future additional payments contingent on achievement of sales milestones. The contract was signed on March 2 (US Eastern Time) and the transaction closing is expected to occur in the second quarter of 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. 

Neurovance is developing centanafadine (CTN, formerly EB-1020) for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in adult and pediatric patients. The company is based in Cambridge, Mass., and was established as a spin-off from Euthymics Bioscience, Inc. in 2011.

Centanafadine is a non-stimulant, triple reuptake inhibitor that modulates norepinephrine, dopamine and serotonin reuptake with the intent of improving focus, attention, and specific higher level cognitive skills in patients with ADHD. Two phase II clinical trials in adults, including a phase IIb trial, have been completed for centanafadine, setting the stage for the start of phase III trials in ADHD.

Tatsuo Higuchi, president and executive director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. commented, “Otsuka has been investing prudently in acquiring assets and collaborating on the development of new technologies that address specific patient needs in the central nervous system, cardio-renal and oncology therapeutic areas. Neurovance’s resources will be a welcomed, integral part of our activities in CNS.”

The acquisition of Neurovance is an extension to ADHD of Otsuka’s strategy in the CNS therapy area to develop new products that can also address issues of importance to patients such as compliance with medicine taking or the challenging side effects from existing medications. Centanafadine is a non-stimulant drug candidate which in its development to date has shown that it may achieve comparable efficacy to stimulant drugs with a potentially lower risk of abuse.  

Following the consummation of the transaction, Neurovance will be an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.About Neurovance, Inc.Headquartered in Cambridge, MA, Neurovance is a clinical stage neuroscience-focused company. Hypothesis-driven, proprietary research at Neurovance discovered and developed centanafadine (CTN), a triple reuptake inhibitor that represents a novel approach to help adults and children with ADHD, Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder. Neurovance is funded in a venture capital investment by Novartis Venture Fund, Venture Investors, Tekla Capital Management, GBS Venture Partners, State of Wisconsin Investment Board (SWIB) and Timothy J. Barberich.


Information in this news release was current as of the original release date.










Back to News Releases 2017
Go to the Top



Home




Otsuka Group


Otsuka Holdings
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory
TAIHO PHARMACEUTICAL


Otsuka Warehouse
Otsuka Chemical
Otsuka Medical Devices






Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sitemap


Otsuka-people creating new products for better health worldwide
Copyright (c) 2017 Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.


























	NEUROVANCE PHARMACEUTICALS INC. Trademark of Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc.. Serial Number: 78879974 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Pharmaceutical Products
NEUROVANCE PHARMACEUTICALS INC.










 
Get FREE email alerts













NEUROVANCE PHARMACEUTICALS INC.  Trademark Information
 Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc.
PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS FOR THE TREATMENT OF DISORDERS OF THE CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM
PRINTED INSTRUCTIONAL, EDUCATIONAL AND TEACHING MATERIALS IN THE FIELD OF TREATMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF DISORDERS OF THE CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM
PROVIDING MEDICAL INFORMATION IN THE FIELD OF DISORDERS OF THE CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM




Perfect for these industries

Pharmaceutical Products
Paper Goods and Printed Material
Medical, Beauty & Agricultural Services 





Words that describe this mark
pharmaceutical   preparations   treatment   disorders   central   nervous    
                                    




This is a brand page for the NEUROVANCE PHARMACEUTICALS INC. trademark by Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. 
                                in La Jolla, CA, 92037.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this NEUROVANCE PHARMACEUTICALS INC. trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. of the NEUROVANCE PHARMACEUTICALS INC. trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the NEUROVANCE PHARMACEUTICALS INC. trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, May 09, 2006,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        NEUROVANCE PHARMACEUTICALS INC. by 
                        Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc., La Jolla, CA  92037.
                        The USPTO has given the NEUROVANCE PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
                        trademark serial  number of  78879974.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for NEUROVANCE PHARMACEUTICALS INC. is 
                        
                        
                                            AnneMarie Kaiser of 
                                            KNOBBE, MARTENS, OLSON & BEAR LLP,  2040 Main Street, 14th Floor, Irvine CA 92614 
                                .
                            The NEUROVANCE PHARMACEUTICALS INC. trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Pharmaceutical Products
                                , 
                                    Paper Goods and Printed Material
                                , 
                                    Medical, Beauty & Agricultural Services 
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for NEUROVANCE PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
                            is PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS FOR THE TREATMENT OF DISORDERS OF THE CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM. 
                            





Word mark:
 NEUROVANCE PHARMACEUTICALS INC.


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

4/6/2009






  Serial Number:  
78879974


  Filing Date:  
5/9/2006


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS FOR THE TREATMENT OF DISORDERS OF THE CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
12/12/2006


Last Applicant/Owner:

Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc.La Jolla, CA  92037
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (PHARMACEUTICALS INC.)


 Correspondent:


AnneMarie Kaiser
KNOBBE, MARTENS, OLSON & BEAR LLP
2040 Main Street, 14th Floor
Irvine CA 92614






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (005) - Pharmaceutical and veterinary preparations; sanitary preparations for medical purposes; dietetic substances adapted for medical use, food for babies; plasters, materials for dressings; material for stopping teeth, dental wax; disinfectants; preparations for destroying vermin; fungicides, herbicides. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided




Primary Class: 
 Class (016) - Paper, cardboard and goods made from these materials, not included in other classes; printed matter; bookbinding material; photographs; stationery; adhesives for stationery or household purposes; artists' materials; paint brushes; typewriters and office requisites (except furniture); instructional and teaching material (except apparatus); plastic materials for packaging (not included in other classes); printers' type; printing blocks.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided




Primary Class: 
 Class (044) - Medical services; veterinary services; hygienic and beauty care for human beings or animals; agriculture, horticulture and forestry services. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your NEUROVANCE PHARMACEUTICALS INC. trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

4/6/2009
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



AnneMarie Kaiser


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of NEUROVANCE PHARMACEUTICALS INC. trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search neurovancepharmaceut on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for NEUROVANCE PHARMACEUTICALS ... 




NEUROVANCE PHARMACEUTICALS INC. is providing PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS FOR THE TREATMENT OF DISORDERS OF THE CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















Otsuka Pharmaceutical to Acquire Neurovance, Inc.HomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 4 hrs 15 minsS&P Futures2,477.25+4.00 (+0.16%)Dow Futures21,679.00+33.00 (+0.15%)Nasdaq Futures5,978.00+30.00 (+0.50%)Otsuka Pharmaceutical to Acquire Neurovance, Inc.Business WireMarch 2, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareTOKYO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (OPC) today announces an agreement with Neurovance, Inc. (Neurovance) under which OPC has agreed to acquire Neurovance, a privately held, venture-funded, clinical stage pharmaceutical company focused on attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and related disorders.Under the terms of the agreement, Otsuka America, Inc. (OAI), a subsidiary of OPC, is to provide an estimated USD $100 million in upfront payments at closing, up to $150 million in additional payments contingent on achievement of development and approval milestones, and future additional payments contingent on achievement of sales milestones. The contract was signed on March 2 (U.S. Eastern Standard Time), and the transaction closing is expected to occur in the second quarter of 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.Neurovance is developing centanafadine (CTN, formerly EB-1020) for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in adult and pediatric patients. The company is based in Cambridge, Mass., and was established as a spin-off from Euthymics Bioscience, Inc. in 2011.Centanafadine is a non-stimulant, triple reuptake inhibitor that modulates norepinephrine, dopamine and serotonin reuptake with the intent of improving focus, attention, and specific higher level cognitive skills in patients with ADHD. Two phase II clinical trials in adults, including a phase IIb trial, have been completed for centanafadine, setting the stage for the start of phase III trials in ADHD.Tatsuo Higuchi, president and executive director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. commented, “Otsuka has been investing prudently in acquiring assets and collaborating on the development of new technologies that address specific patient needs in the central nervous system, cardio-renal and oncology therapeutic areas. Neurovance’s resources will be a welcomed, integral part of our activities in CNS.”The acquisition of Neurovance is an extension to ADHD of Otsuka’s strategy in the CNS therapy area to develop new products that can also address issues of importance to patients such as compliance with medicine taking or the challenging side effects from existing medications. Centanafadine is a non-stimulant drug candidate which in its development to date has shown that it may achieve comparable efficacy to stimulant drugs with a potentially lower risk of abuse.Following the consummation of the transaction, Neurovance will be an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.About ADHDAttention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a CNS disorder marked by a persistent pattern of inattention and/or hyperactivity-impulsivity that interferes with functioning or development. Some people with ADHD only have problems with one of the behaviors, while others have symptoms of both inattention and hyperactivity-impulsivity. Most children with ADHD have the combined type.ADHD symptoms often appear in childhood and can continue through adolescence and adulthood. Symptoms of ADHD can be mistaken for emotional or disciplinary problems or missed entirely in quiet, well-behaved children, leading to a delay in diagnosis. Adults with undiagnosed ADHD may have a history of problems at work, difficult or failed relationships, or poor academic performance.Scientists are not sure what causes ADHD. Like many other illnesses, a number of factors can contribute to ADHD, such as genes, exposure to cigarette smoking, alcohol use, drug use or environmental toxins during pregnancy, low birth weight, or brain injuries. ADHD is more common in males than females. Other conditions, such as learning disabilities, anxiety disorder, conduct disorder, depression, and substance abuse, are common in people with ADHD.1Attention-deficit hyper activity disorder affects both children and adults. The lifetime prevalence of ADHD in adolescents aged 13 to 18 in the U.S. is 9%, and of those, 1.8% are classified as “severe.” 2 In U.S. adults aged 18 and older, the lifetime prevalence is 8.1% with the average age of onset being 7.3 The 12-month prevalence in U.S. adults is 4.1%, with 41.3% of those being classified as “severe.”4 The global market size for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder therapies was USD $11.2 billion in FY 2016.5Read MoreLearn more about adult ADHD from the organization ADHD in ADULTS at www.ADHDinadults.com.For additional information on ADHD, please visit the National Institute of Mental Health website.About Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.Otsuka Pharmaceutical is a global healthcare company with the corporate philosophy: “Otsuka-people creating new products for better health worldwide.” Otsuka researches, develops, manufactures and markets innovative products, with a focus on pharmaceutical products for the treatment of diseases and nutraceutical products for the maintenance of everyday health.In pharmaceuticals, Otsuka is a leader in the challenging area of mental health and also has research programs on several under-addressed diseases including tuberculosis, a significant global public health issue. These commitments illustrate how Otsuka is a “big venture” company at heart, applying a youthful spirit of creativity in everything it does.Otsuka Pharmaceutical is a wholly owned subsidiary of Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd., the holding company for the Otsuka group of companies that is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan. Otsuka Holdings had consolidated sales of approximately USD 11 billion in 2016 and approximately 31,000 employees at year end. Otsuka Pharmaceutical welcomes you to visit its global website at https://www.otsuka.co.jp/en. Learn more about Otsuka in the U.S. at www.otsuka-us.com and connect with us on Twitter at @OtsukaUS.About Neurovance, Inc.Headquartered in Cambridge, MA, Neurovance is a clinical stage neuroscience-focused company. Hypothesis-driven, proprietary research at Neurovance discovered and developed centanafadine (CTN), a triple reuptake inhibitor that represents a novel approach to help adults and children with ADHD, Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder. Neurovance is funded in a venture capital investment by Novartis Venture Fund, Venture Investors, Tekla Capital Management, GBS Venture Partners, State of Wisconsin Investment Board (SWIB) and Timothy J. Barberich.Forward-looking StatementsCertain statements contained in this press release, including without limitation expectations as to future sales and operating results, constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this press release include statements regarding the anticipated benefits of the transaction; statements regarding the anticipated timing of filings and approvals relating to the transaction; statements regarding the expected timing of the completion of the transaction; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “plans,” “intends,” “estimates,” “projects,” “forecasts,” “outlook,” and similar expressions are also intended to identify forward-looking statements. The statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors which may cause the company's actual results, earnings, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to, the following: general industry and market conditions, general domestic and international economic conditions such as interest rate and currency exchange fluctuations, technological advances and patents attained by competitors, challenges inherent in new product development and clinical trials, claims and concerns about product safety and efficacy, obtaining regulatory approvals, domestic and foreign healthcare reforms, and healthcare cost containment, laws and regulations affecting domestic and foreign operations, and failure to gain market acceptance or third-party consents. Risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ from expectations also include: uncertainties as to the timing of the offer and merger; uncertainties as to how many Neurovance stockholders will proffer their stock in the offer; the risk that competing offers will be made; and the possibility that various closing conditions for the transaction may not be satisfied or waived, including that a governmental entity may prohibit, delay or refuse to grant approval for the consummation of the transaction. We will not undertake and specifically decline any obligation to update or correct any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events.1 National Institute of Mental Health, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder. Available at: https://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/topics/attention-deficit-hyperactivity-disorder-adhd/index.shtml (Accessed February 2017)2 Merikangas KR, He J, Burstein M, Swanson SA, Avenevoli S, Cui L, Benjet C, Georgiades K, Swendsen J. Lifetime prevalence of mental disorders in U.S. adolescents: Results from the National Comorbidity Study-Adolescent Supplement (NCS-A). J Am Acad Child Adolesc Psychiatry. 2010 Oct;49(10):980-989.3 Kessler RC, Berglund PA, Demler O, Jin R, Walters EE. Lifetime prevalence and age-of-onset distributions of DSM-IV disorders in the National Comorbidity Survey Replication (NCS-R). Archives of General Psychiatry. 2005 Jun;62(6):593–602.4 Kessler RC, Chiu WT, Demler O, Walters EE. Prevalence, severity, and comorbidity of twelve-month DSM-IV disorders in the National Comorbidity Survey Replication (NCS-R). Archives of General Psychiatry, 2005 Jun;62(6):617–275 IMS MIDAS database (accessed February 2017)View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170302005888/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextDon't Believe the Spin: Fidget Spinners Have No Proven BenefitsLiveScience.comDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredGrey hair reversal is unexpected side effect of cancer drug trialNetDoctorGene therapy helps dogs with muscle dystrophy, humans next?AFP Relax NewsLilly (LLY) Tops Q2 Earnings & Sales, Ups View, Stock FallsZacksEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredMerck faces cancer drugs setback ahead of rival AstraZeneca's landmark trial resultsThe TelegraphKristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business InsiderAP Exclusive: Boy Scouts chief expected a fiery Trump speechAssociated PressWhy Are Professionals Fighting Apple Vinegar Scam?Passion.ioSponsoredDollar steadies after Fed skid, shares hit new highsReutersAmazon’s Echo rivaled by Xiaomi and Facebook: rptYahoo Finance VideoAmazon earnings — What you need to know in markets on ThursdayYahoo FinancePeople in Heavy Debt May Be in For a Big SurpriseFreedom Debt ReliefSponsoredPhil Mickelson trash-talked Jordan Spieth at the Open Championship — and Phil is going to have to eat his wordsBusiness InsiderMcCain slams Trump's transgender military ban, says it's why 'major policy announcements should not be made via Twitter'Business InsiderSens. McCain and Ernst, both veterans, oppose Trump’s ban on transgender military serviceC: Americans should not have to pay for anyone's reassignment surgery.
Certainly not the military!Join the Conversation1 / 54.6k

























* :: Scrip

















In order to deliver a personalized, responsive service and to improve the site, we remember and store information about how you use it. This is done using simple text files called cookies which sit on your computer. By continuing to use this site and access its features, you are consenting to our use of cookies. To find out more about the way Informa uses cookies please go to our Cookie Policy page.






Scrip is part of the Business Intelligence Division of Informa PLC


Informa PLC


About us


Investor relations


Talent




This site is operated by a business or businesses owned by Informa PLC and all copyright resides with them. Informa PLC’s registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. Number 8860726.



                Informa
            








Toggle Menu

            Menu
        







 












Other Publications: In Vivo | Medtech Insight | Pink Sheet | Rose Sheet 










Register






                                    Sign In
                                





This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use. For high-quality copies or electronic reprints for distribution to colleagues or customers, please call +44 (0) 20 3377 3183
Printed By  









                            UsernamePublicRestriction
                        




                Already Registered?
            

                Sign in to continue reading.
            



                Your login and/or password information does not match our records. Please try again.
            




Forgot your password?

 Remember Me
                    



Sign In










Thanks, we've sent a link to reset your password


Forgot your password?
 
Enter the email address associated with your account and an email will be sent to you to reset your password.
Please enter a valid email address.
Unfortunately we've not been able to process this request.




Submit




Need help?  Please call UK support at +44 (0)20 7017 4161 / US support at +1 617 374 2242 or onlineaccess@informa.com.





                New to Scrip?
            

                Request a free trial today! 

Free Trial


Register for our free email digests:
            



                        Your username does not meet the requirements.
                    

                        An account with that username already exists.
                    

                        Unfortunately we've not been able to process your registration. Please contact support.
                    

                        Register
                    














Toggle Menu

        Menu
    


Home







Commercial




Companies


Deals


Strategy


Market Access


Market Intelligence


Appointments









Research & Development




Clinical Trials


Approvals


Therapy Areas


Pipeline Watch






Policy & Regulation







                                            Hot Topics                                        



US Election 2016


Pricing Debate


Brexit






Regional Coverage




Meet the Team


Scrip Awards


Scrip 100


Scrip Asia 100


Ask The Analyst


PDF Library


RSS Feeds


Free Trial Request


Subscribe


Advertise















                UsernamePublicRestriction
            




                Already Registered?
            

                Sign in to continue reading.
            



                Your login and/or password information does not match our records. Please try again.
            




Forgot your password?

 Remember Me
                    



Sign In










Thanks, we've sent a link to reset your password


Forgot your password?
 
Enter the email address associated with your account and an email will be sent to you to reset your password.
Please enter a valid email address.
Unfortunately we've not been able to process this request.




Submit




Need help?  Please call UK support at +44 (0)20 7017 4161 / US support at +1 617 374 2242 or onlineaccess@informa.com.





                New to Scrip?
            

                Request a free trial today! 

Free Trial


Register for our free email digests:
            



                        Your username does not meet the requirements.
                    

                        An account with that username already exists.
                    

                        Unfortunately we've not been able to process your registration. Please contact support.
                    

                        Register
                    

















Email





Share





















Neurovance Inc.

www.neurovance.com



Latest From Pfizer Inc.






                Bookmark
            









26 Jul 2017


News






            Policy Prescriptions: User Fees, Biosimilars, Brexit
        


        By M. Nielsen Hobbs


US FDA extends its own user fee deadline; biosimilars earn a dubious milestone; and EMA unveils some contingency planning for Brexit. Policy Prescriptions rounds up recent regulatory news and trends reported by sister publication the Pink Sheet



FDA
Advisory Committees






                Bookmark
            









26 Jul 2017


News






            Appointments: GSK, Neurocrine Biosciences, Cue Biopharma, BenevolentAI And Ferring Pharmaceuticals
        


        By Lubna Ahmed


This week's roundup includes two executive appointments by GSK, plus updates from Radius Health Inc., Cue Biopharma and BenevolentAI, with Myovant Sciences making four key management hires.



Appointments
BioPharmaceutical






                Bookmark
            









25 Jul 2017


Analysis






            Generic Labeling Rule Defies Predictions, Remains In FDA's Long-Term Pipeline
        


        By Michael Cipriano


Policy that would allow generic sponsors to change product labels has been delayed yet again, not spiked completely, even with Commissioner Gottlieb's known opposition to the rule.



Regulation
Drug Safety






                Bookmark
            









25 Jul 2017


Analysis






            Lilly Hopes To Revitalize Its Cancer Brand With 'Foundational' Agents
        


        By Joseph Haas


While reporting 19% US sales growth for the quarter, Lilly also outlined a revised oncology R&D strategy and revealed that refiling the NDA for baricitinib may be delayed 18 months or more.



Research and Development Strategies
Sales & Earnings


See All



Company Information

Industry

Biotechnology    

Pharmaceuticals    
Therapeutic Areas
Neurology, Nervous System
Alias(es)
Ownership
Private
Headquarters

Worldwide            

North America            

USA            






Parent & Subsidiaries

Neurovance Inc.

Senior Management

            Jeff  Bailey, Chmn. & CEOCatherine  O'Brien, Dir., Clinical OperationsWilliam T Pappafotopoulos, VP, Fin. & Admin.Brian  Goff, COOAnthony   McKinney, Chief Dev. Officer
        
Contact Info

Neurovance Inc.
                Phone: (617) 758-0300 
            43 Thorndike St. 
            Ste. S1-3 
            Cambridge, MA 02141 
            USA 






Advertisement







Advertisement



 









You must sign in to use this functionality



                Your login and/or password information does not match our records. Please try again.
            




Forgot your password?

 Remember Me
                    



Sign In










Thanks, we've sent a link to reset your password


Forgot your password?
 
Enter the email address associated with your account and an email will be sent to you to reset your password.
Please enter a valid email address.
Unfortunately we've not been able to process this request.




Submit




Need help?  Please call UK support at +44 (0)20 7017 4161 / US support at +1 617 374 2242 or onlineaccess@informa.com.














Authentication.SignIn.HeadSignInHeader



                Your login and/or password information does not match our records. Please try again.
            




Forgot your password?

 Remember Me
                    



Sign In










Thanks, we've sent a link to reset your password


Forgot your password?
 
Enter the email address associated with your account and an email will be sent to you to reset your password.
Please enter a valid email address.
Unfortunately we've not been able to process this request.




Submit




Need help?  Please call UK support at +44 (0)20 7017 4161 / US support at +1 617 374 2242 or onlineaccess@informa.com.











UsernamePublicRestriction
				

Register

Your username does not meet the requirements.
Sorry - this email domain is not allowed.
Sorry - public email accounts are not allowed. Please provide a work email address.
An account with that username already exists.
Unfortunately we've not been able to process your registration. Please contact support.

				Register
			





		Neurovance Inc.
	








			Email Company
		




All set! This article has been sent to my@email.address.



				All fields are required. For multiple recipients, separate email addresses with a semicolon.
			


					Please make sure all fields are completed.
				

					Please enter a valid e-mail address
				


					Please make sure you have filled out all fields
				


					Please make sure you have filled out all fields
				


Subject: Neurovance Inc.
                    



Add a personalized message to your email





Cancel


Send





				DCD.EmailPopout.Notice
			










×










This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use. For high-quality copies or electronic reprints for distribution to colleagues or customers, please call +44 (0) 20 3377 3183
Printed By  






Neurovance, Inc. Company Profile




























































BioPortfolio
Biotech, Healthcare and Medical Resources































Advertisement

Topics


All Topics
Biotechnology
Biotech Business
Biotech Products
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Dermatology
Drug Discovery
Endocrinology
Gastroenterology
Immunology
Infectious Diseases
Mental Health
Neurology
Obstetrics
Orthopedics
Public Health
Respiratory
Rheumatology
Urology 
			Track topics on Twitter
Track topics that are important to you




Printed From BioPortfolio.com

Neurovance, Inc. Company Profile

05:15 EDT 27th July 2017 | BioPortfolio











      Neurovance has been spun out of Euthymics Bioscience, Inc. to advance 
      EB-1020, a norepinephrine and dopamine-preferring reuptake inhibitor for 
      ADHD. In addition to EB-1020, Neurovance also holds a substantial 
      portfolio of research stage reuptake inhibitors.
    


News Articles
[3 Associated News Articles listed on BioPortfolio]
Neurovance, Otsuka deal

Otsuka acquiring ADHD company Neurovance

Otsuka Pharmaceuticals Acquires Neurovance
NewsTwo phase II clinical trials in adults, including a phase IIb trial, have been completed for centanafadine


Drugs and Medications
[0 Results]
None


PubMed Articles
[0 Results]
None


Clinical Trials
[0 Results]
None


Companies
[2 Associated Companies listed on BioPortfolio]
Neurovance Inc.
Neurovance is a neuroscience-focused, clinical-stage biopharmaceutical 
      company that specializes in triple reuptake inhibitors specifically 
      optimized for adult attention deficit hy...
Neurovance, Inc.
Neurovance has been spun out of Euthymics Bioscience, Inc. to advance 
      EB-1020, a norepinephrine and dopamine-preferring reuptake inhibitor for 
      ADHD. In addition to EB-1020, Neurov...

More Information about "Neurovance, Inc." on BioPortfolio
We have published hundreds of Neurovance, Inc. news stories on BioPortfolio along with dozens of Neurovance, Inc. Clinical Trials and PubMed Articles about Neurovance, Inc. for you to read. In addition to the medical data, news and clinical trials, BioPortfolio also has a large collection of Neurovance, Inc. Companies in our database. You can also find out about relevant Neurovance, Inc. Drugs and Medications on this site too.





Quick LinksAdvanced Search |
					Login |
					Subscribe | 
					RSS 

Quick Search






Advertisement


 

Relevant Topic
Bioscience
Bioscience - any of the sciences that deal with living organisms.  The study of the nature, behavior, and uses of living organisms as applied to biology.

 Any of the branches of natural science dealing with living things, such as their structure, b...




Corporate Database Quicklinks
Search Corporate Database
Latest Corporate Records
Biotech Companies by Location
Popular Company Records
Recent Company Searches
Add or Control Your Corporate Profile


Searches Linking to this Company Record


















BioPortfolio Limited

About Us
Contact Us

Social Media

Twitter (200+ Accounts)
Twitter 
Google+ 
LinkedIn 



Publish Content

Publish
Publish Your Press Release
Advertise

Agreements

Agreements
Medical Disclaimer
Privacy



Tools

MyBioPortfolio
RSS

Help

FAQs
Sitemaps
XML Sitemap







			This site complies with the
			HONcode standard for trustworthy health
			information:
Verify here.



		The information provided by BioPortfolio.com is not a substitute for
		professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. The BioPortfolio
		site is sponsored BioPortfolio Limited with offices at Stafford House,
		10 Prince of Wales Road, Dorchester, DT1 1PW, England. If you
		are a legal copyright holder or a designated agent for such and you believe a
		post on this website falls outside the boundaries of “Fair Use” and
		legitimately infringes on your or your client's copyright we may be contacted
		concerning copyright matters at: priority@bioportfolio.com.
		
		All rights reserved. All other trademarks recognized. Copyright
		© 1997-2017 BioPortfolio Limited. Site developed by
		Alacrify Ltd.
	
















Neurovance, Inc. Company Profile




























































BioPortfolio
Biotech, Healthcare and Medical Resources































Advertisement

Topics


All Topics
Biotechnology
Biotech Business
Biotech Products
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Dermatology
Drug Discovery
Endocrinology
Gastroenterology
Immunology
Infectious Diseases
Mental Health
Neurology
Obstetrics
Orthopedics
Public Health
Respiratory
Rheumatology
Urology 
			Track topics on Twitter
Track topics that are important to you




Printed From BioPortfolio.com

Neurovance, Inc. Company Profile

05:15 EDT 27th July 2017 | BioPortfolio











      Neurovance has been spun out of Euthymics Bioscience, Inc. to advance 
      EB-1020, a norepinephrine and dopamine-preferring reuptake inhibitor for 
      ADHD. In addition to EB-1020, Neurovance also holds a substantial 
      portfolio of research stage reuptake inhibitors.
    


News Articles
[3 Associated News Articles listed on BioPortfolio]
Neurovance, Otsuka deal

Otsuka acquiring ADHD company Neurovance

Otsuka Pharmaceuticals Acquires Neurovance
NewsTwo phase II clinical trials in adults, including a phase IIb trial, have been completed for centanafadine


Drugs and Medications
[0 Results]
None


PubMed Articles
[0 Results]
None


Clinical Trials
[0 Results]
None


Companies
[2 Associated Companies listed on BioPortfolio]
Neurovance Inc.
Neurovance is a neuroscience-focused, clinical-stage biopharmaceutical 
      company that specializes in triple reuptake inhibitors specifically 
      optimized for adult attention deficit hy...
Neurovance, Inc.
Neurovance has been spun out of Euthymics Bioscience, Inc. to advance 
      EB-1020, a norepinephrine and dopamine-preferring reuptake inhibitor for 
      ADHD. In addition to EB-1020, Neurov...

More Information about "Neurovance, Inc." on BioPortfolio
We have published hundreds of Neurovance, Inc. news stories on BioPortfolio along with dozens of Neurovance, Inc. Clinical Trials and PubMed Articles about Neurovance, Inc. for you to read. In addition to the medical data, news and clinical trials, BioPortfolio also has a large collection of Neurovance, Inc. Companies in our database. You can also find out about relevant Neurovance, Inc. Drugs and Medications on this site too.





Quick LinksAdvanced Search |
					Login |
					Subscribe | 
					RSS 

Quick Search






Advertisement


 

Relevant Topic
Bioscience
Bioscience - any of the sciences that deal with living organisms.  The study of the nature, behavior, and uses of living organisms as applied to biology.

 Any of the branches of natural science dealing with living things, such as their structure, b...




Corporate Database Quicklinks
Search Corporate Database
Latest Corporate Records
Biotech Companies by Location
Popular Company Records
Recent Company Searches
Add or Control Your Corporate Profile


Searches Linking to this Company Record


















BioPortfolio Limited

About Us
Contact Us

Social Media

Twitter (200+ Accounts)
Twitter 
Google+ 
LinkedIn 



Publish Content

Publish
Publish Your Press Release
Advertise

Agreements

Agreements
Medical Disclaimer
Privacy



Tools

MyBioPortfolio
RSS

Help

FAQs
Sitemaps
XML Sitemap







			This site complies with the
			HONcode standard for trustworthy health
			information:
Verify here.



		The information provided by BioPortfolio.com is not a substitute for
		professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. The BioPortfolio
		site is sponsored BioPortfolio Limited with offices at Stafford House,
		10 Prince of Wales Road, Dorchester, DT1 1PW, England. If you
		are a legal copyright holder or a designated agent for such and you believe a
		post on this website falls outside the boundaries of “Fair Use” and
		legitimately infringes on your or your client's copyright we may be contacted
		concerning copyright matters at: priority@bioportfolio.com.
		
		All rights reserved. All other trademarks recognized. Copyright
		© 1997-2017 BioPortfolio Limited. Site developed by
		Alacrify Ltd.
	

























Neurovance, Inc. | Email CEO @neurovance.com CFO 

















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL






















































 




                    Neurovance, Inc.





neurovance.com





43 Thorndike Street                 
                 
Cambridge, MA 02141
Phone: 617-758-0300
Fax: 617-758-0420









 














Type:

                    Private                
Employees:

10 - 19

Revenue: 

1 - 2.5 Million

Industry:  
                    Biotech/Healthcare->BioTech/Drugs                
SIC Code:  
                     2836  - Biological Products, Except Diagnostic
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











No Categories





No Products Found












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








Show All CDN
CMS
Other










Google Ajax
The AJAX Code Playground is an educational tool to show code examples for various Google Javascript APIs.






WordPress
WordPress - popular blogging platform






Yoast Plugins
                                       No Description Available 
                                        


Sign up to see all













Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND








Company in the News



                                            December 15, 2016 - New Hire
 NameTitleBrian  Goff COOJeff Bailey CEO/ChairmanAnthony McKinneyChief Development Officer/Co-Founder/ceo Euthymics
Read Entire Article



 Sign up to see all press events 









Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data











                                        Gregg Beloff                                    

Title: CFO







                         No Email Avail                            
Finance

export









                                        Ross Reife                                    

Title: Interim Chief Medical Officer








Free Trial For Email


Medical - Science

export









                                        Brian Goff                                    

Title: COO







                         No Email Avail                            
Operations

export









                                        William Pappafotopoulos                                    

Title: VP Finance/Administration







                         No Email Avail                            
Finance

export









                                        Jeff Bailey                                    

Title: Chair 







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Anthony Mckinney                                    

Title: Chief Development Officer/Co-Founder/ceo Euthymics








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Stephen Gendel                                    

Title: Media








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Catherine Oâ€™brien                                    

Title: Dir Clinical Operations







                         No Email Avail                            
Medical - Science

export








Showing 1 to 
                8                                

                                    of 8 entries            









 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS















Yearly


Quarterly




































Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
Neurovance, Inc., a Biotech/drugs company, is based in Cambridge, MA. They can be reached through Neurovance, Inc. email format addresses indicated on their Lead411 profile with a domain of @neurovance.com.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@neurovance.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Similar Companies:
Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Have you been searching for Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s contact information for hours? Have you been trying to find Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s domain format email  addresses?. Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a Biotech/drugs and is based in Lexington, MA and more information like linkedin facts, phone numbers, cfo executives and facebook profiles can be found within the Lead411 profile.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@cubist.com addresses.
Curis, Inc
If you don't want to waste too much time looking for company information regarding Curis, Inc, a Biotech/drugs company, check out their Lead411 profile. Our profiles have linkedin data, phone numbers, cfo contacts, and more. It contains helpful contact information regarding top company officials, including that of Curis, Inc's CEO , and other Curis, Inc email format addresses within the @curis.com domain. Curis, Inc is based in Lexington, MA.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@curis.com addresses.
ArQule, Inc.
ArQule, Inc. is a Burlington, MA-based company working within the Biotech/drugs industry. You can find ArQule, Inc. email format addresses here with the domain @arqule.com.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@arqule.com addresses.




Company Directory > Neurovance, Inc.























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Plus Size Clothing for Women - Macy's



















































  







       Sign In   Stores  Book An Appointment Find a Store Find an Event   Stores Customer Service                                               my bag (0)       WOMEN     Women's Clothing   Activewear   Basic Clothing   Blazers   Capris   Coats   Dresses   Jackets   Jeans   Jumpsuits & Rompers   Leggings   Lingerie & Shapewear   Maternity   Pajamas & Robes   Pants   Shorts   Skirts   Suits & Suit Separates   Sweaters   Swimwear   Tights, Socks, & Hosiery   Tops   Wear to Work       Plus Sizes   Dresses   Pants & Capris   Swimwear   Tops   Trendy Plus Size   All Plus Sizes     Petites   Cardigans   Dresses   Jeans   Pants & Capris   Tops   All Petites     New & Now   Avec Les Filles   Bare Shoulder   Graphic Tees & Sweatshirts   New Arrivals   Soft Pant   Trend Shop       Women's Brands   Adrianna Papell   Alfani   Calvin Klein   Charter Club   INC International Concepts   Lauren Ralph Lauren   MICHAEL Michael Kors   Nike   Style & Co   The Fur Vault   The North Face   Tommy Hilfiger   Under Armour   Vince Camuto   See All Brands     Featured Shops   Cashmere Shop   Dress Edit   Must Haves   Petite Fit Guide   Plus Must Haves & Fit Guide   Sports Fan Shop By Lids   Swim Finder   The Wedding Shop       Contemporary Brands   Bar III   Free People   Levi's   Lucky Brand   RACHEL Rachel Roy   All Contemporary Clothing     Designer Brands   Eileen Fisher   Polo Ralph Lauren   All Designer Clothing     Shoes, Handbags, & More   Beauty   Handbags   Belts, Hats & Scarves   Jewelry & Watches   Shoes   Sunglasses   Tech Shop     40-70% off Clearance      MEN  HOME  BED & BATH  SHOES  HANDBAGS  BEAUTY  KIDS  JUNIORS  JEWELRY  WATCHES  ACTIVE  BRANDS      Wedding Registry Gift Cards Deals & Promotions Lists                RTP header-xapi 07/27/2017 04:24:31 EDT 17L  Wed Jun 14 18:39:25 UTC 2017 0.11.1 




Popular Searches
Bathing Suits Calvin Klein Calvin Klein Dresses Lauren Ralph Lauren Women's Michael Kors Nike Women's Tommy Hilfiger Women's Tops - Plus Size Women's Dresses Women's Tops



Plus Size ClothingLooking for an amazing selection of plus size clothes for women? There are so many styles, colors and brands waiting for you to discover. Shop stylish options for all occasions and find many pieces available in fun, vibrant colors such as sizzling confident red, warm blush pink, and soft, feminine purple.
For casual day-to-day outfits, find cute and comfortable tops along with figure flattering plus size jeans. A pair of slim rocker boot-cut blue jeans from Seven7 pairs matches well with a blouse, tee-shirt, sweater or jacket. For plus size clothing for women with dramatic contrast and just as much comfort, slip into some straight leg black wash jeans from Not Your Daughter's Jeans. And go feminine chick with a long sleeve shawl in luxurious cashmere. Get great tops for any season from tank tops to sweaters.
Polish your work wardrobe with sharp and sophisticated plus size pant suits and skirt suits. Mix and match suit separates from Anne Klein blazers with bottoms of our choice. Look for slimming pinstripe trousers or office appropriate pencil skirts in extended sizes. Tahari offers lovely textured jackets and Kasper Suits features beautiful prints.
Find a wonderful selection of dressy plus size clothes for women. Start a special evening out by slipping into dazzling formalwear or add some eye catching contrast with a one-shouldered a-line dress from International Concepts. Ruby Rox carries plus size dresses for attending an evening event or a wedding. For more casual occasions and day-to-day wear, look for dresses that can be worn to work or to a dinner date.
From suit jackets to halter tops and evening gowns to jeans, you'll find fashionable plus size clothing for women you're looking for at macys.com. Shop at Macy’s for the latest trends in regular and extended sizes.












To ensure you're getting the best shopping experience, please enable JavaScript in your browser preferences.








Plus Sizes



40-70% off clearance


plus size clothing


Activewear


Coats


Dresses


Graphic Tees


Jackets & Blazers


Jeans


Jumpsuits & Rompers


Leggings


Lingerie & Shapewear


Maternity


Pajamas & Robes


Pants & Capris


Shorts


Skirts


Suits & Suit Separates


Sweaters


Swimwear


Tops


Trendy Plus Sizes


Vests


Wear to Work




petite plus size


All Petite Plus Size





plus size brands



Alfani



Alfani



Anne Klein



Anne Klein



Calvin Klein



Calvin Klein



Charter Club



Charter Club



City Chic



City Chic



INC International Concepts



INC International Concepts



Lauren Ralph Lauren



Lauren Ralph Lauren



MICHAEL Michael Kors



MICHAEL Michael Kors



Style & Co



Style & Co



Tommy Hilfiger



Tommy Hilfiger




Rachel Rachel Roy Curvy Collection




American Rag




Jessica Simpson




JM Collection




Karen Scott




Melissa McCarthy Seven7




Silver Jeans




Celebrity Pink Plus




Jones New York




Levi's




Lucky Brand Jeans




Tahari ASL




Ideology




Material Girl




SLINK Jeans




mblm by Tess Holliday



See All Brands




featured shops


#macyslove Photo Gallery


Back To School


Denim Destination


Dress Edit


How to Wear it


Must Haves & Fit Guide


The Wedding Shop




shoes & accessories


Handbags & Accessories


Hats, Scarves & Wraps


Hosiery


Shoes


Sunglasses




plus size sale & clearance






 







10



























 
























Shop our Super Weekend Sale










25-40% Off Select Tops







25-40% off Select Shorts & Capris







25-40% off Select Active







50% Off Select Swimwear






















Tops














Dresses























Pants & Capris














Cardigans























Swim














Shorts























Jeans














Jackets & Blazers


































































































 





































 













Overview







Read all reviews








or call 1 800 BUY MACY (289 6229)


See Full Product Details



Qty:



















32147
Plus Sizes
QUICKVIEW

 


































 







  MCOM footer-xapi 07/27/2017 04:14:06 EDT 17L  Wed Jun 14 18:39:25 UTC 2017 0.11.1 
















































RTP
catalog -
catSplash
Page Layout - Canvas
macys-navapp_replica_prod_cellB_ma100mlvnav017_m01
MA100MLVNAV017
07/27/2017 05:16:30 EDT
17L
 Sat Jul 8 01:05:37 UTC 2017
2.81.39





Kids Clothes - Clothing for Children - Macy's




















































  







       Sign In   Stores  Book An Appointment Find a Store Find an Event   Stores Customer Service                                               my bag (0)       WOMEN  MEN  HOME  BED & BATH  SHOES  HANDBAGS  BEAUTY  KIDS     Girls   Toddler Girls (2T-5T)   Girls 2-6X   Girls 7-16     Girl's Clothing   Activewear   Basic Clothing   Coats & Jackets   Dresses   Jeans   Leggings & Pants   Pajamas   Sets & Outfits   Shoes   Shorts   Sweatshirts & Hoodies   Swimwear   Tops   Underwear & Socks   All Girls       Boys   Toddler Boys (2T-5T)   Boys 2-7   Boys 8-20     Boys' Clothing   Activewear   Basic Clothing   Coats & Jackets   Jeans   Pajamas   Pants   Sets & Outfits   Shirts & Tees   Shoes   Shorts   Suits & Dress Shirts   Sweatshirts & Hoodies   Swimwear   Underwear & Socks   All Boys       Baby   Baby Girl (0-24 months)   Baby Boy (0-24 months)   Newborn Shop     Baby Clothing   Activewear   Bodysuits   Coats & Jackets   Coveralls   Dresses & Dresswear   Pajamas   Pants & Leggings   Rompers   Sets & Outfits   Shirts & Tees   Shoes   Shorts   Socks   Swimwear   All Baby            More For Kids & Baby   Accessories & Backpacks   Baby Shower Gifts   Baby Strollers & Gear   Back to School   Character Shop   Kids' & Baby Room   Mix & Match   Special Occasions   Toys & Games     40-80% Off Clearance      JUNIORS  JEWELRY  WATCHES  ACTIVE  BRANDS      Wedding Registry Gift Cards Deals & Promotions Lists                RTP header-xapi 07/27/2017 04:27:21 EDT 17L  Wed Jun 14 18:39:25 UTC 2017 0.11.1 




Popular Searches
Bathing Suits Calvin Klein Calvin Klein Dresses Maxi Dresses Michael Kors Michael Kors Handbags Michael Kors Sandals Michael Kors Shoes Tommy Hilfiger White Dress



Kids ClothingFrom the cutest clothes to baby essentials, you’ll find it all at Macy’s kids shop. Whether you’re shopping for a baby shower gift or stocking up on goodies for your own, we’ve got you covered. Look for kids apparel ranging from newborns to toddlers and beyond, toys, and tools for helping mom and dad out.Welcome the new addition with delightful baby clothes. For girls, dress her in the prettiest pinks and purples from baby sets to body suits. Bundle her up in warm coats and jackets when the weather gets cold, and go for dresses and skirts for the summer. Don’t forget the adorable accessories like baby booties and socks, along with blankets and hats. For boys, keep him cozy in the cuddly coveralls and rompers featuring friendly cartoons characters. Give him preppy style with sweaters and polo shirts. For special occasions, look for baby boy’s suits and tuxes for your dapper little guy. Baby essentials and gear make the perfect presents for the expectant mom. Find strollers and car seats for securing your precious cargo, along with baby monitors for keeping an eye on your little one. Backpacks, diaper bags and totes are convenient for taking along travel necessities like extra diapers and bottles. Also look for sippy cups and snack containers for yummy treats on the go. The fun doesn’t stop there. Kids of all ages will love the coolest in toys and games. Look for cuddly teddy bears and huggable dolls for tiny tots, along with blocks and puzzles for toddlers. Education is enjoyable with learning games for improving motor and coordination skills. They’ll also love arts and craft sets for creating original works of art. It’s going to be the BEST. YEAR. EVER. in Macy’s coolest Back-to-School clothing, accessories, shoes & more!Clothes, tools, toys and more—we’ve got it all. From sweet outfits for princesses to rough and tough gear for wrangling the boys, your little one is sure to be stylish from playtime to naptime. Find everything you need for babies and beyond when you shop Macy’s kids selection.Looking for huge savings? Shop our Black Friday, Cyber Monday and Holiday Gift Guide!













To ensure you're getting the best shopping experience, please enable JavaScript in your browser preferences.








Kids & Baby



40-80% off clearance


baby


Baby Girl (0-24 months)


Baby Boy (0-24 months)


Baby Shower Gifts


Baby Strollers & Gear


Newborn Shop


All Baby




girls


Toddler Girls (2T-5T)


Girls 2-6X


Girls 7-16


Girls' Dresses


Girls' Sets & Outfits


Girls Shirts & Tops


Girls' Shoes


All Girls




boys


Toddler Boys (2T-5T)


Boys 2-7


Boys 8-20


Boys' Sets & Outfits


Boys' Shirts & Tees


Boys' Shorts


Boys' Shoes


All Boys




kids' & baby clothing


Accessories & Backpacks


Activewear


Basic Clothing


Coats & Jackets


Dresses 


Jeans


Leggings & Pants


Pajamas


School Uniforms


Sets & Outfits


Shirts & Tees


Shoes


Shorts


Skirts


Suits & Dress Shirts


Sweaters


Sweatshirts & Hoodies


Swimwear


Underwear & Socks




character shop


Batman v Superman


Frozen


Hello Kitty


Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles


Trolls


All Characters





kids' & baby brands



Carter's



Carter's



Calvin Klein



Calvin Klein



Epic Threads



Epic Threads



First Impressions



First Impressions



Levi's



Levi's



Nike



Nike



Ralph Lauren Childrenswear



Ralph Lauren Childrenswear



The North Face



The North Face



Tommy Hilfiger



Tommy Hilfiger



Under Armour



Under Armour




Frozen




Graco




GUESS




Little Me




adidas




Hello Kitty




Melissa and Doug




Nautica




Puma




Nowadays



See All Brands




kids' style watch


Kids Party Guide


Special Occasions


Kids' Back to School




more for kids' & baby


Mix & Match


Toys & Games


Kids' & Baby Room


Kids' Jewelry & Watches


Kids' Luggage & Backpacks


Finish Line Athletic Shoes


Sports Fan Shop by Lids




sale & clearance






 







10



























 






























Dresses














Suits & Dress Shirts














Newborn Shop























Sets & Outfits For Her














Sets & Outfits For Him














Sets & Outfits For Baby























Girls Active














Boys Active














Baby Gear
































































































 













Overview







Read all reviews








or call 1 800 BUY MACY (289 6229)


See Full Product Details



Qty:



















5991
Kids & Baby
QUICKVIEW

 


































 







  MCOM footer-xapi 07/27/2017 04:07:45 EDT 17L  Wed Jun 14 18:39:25 UTC 2017 0.11.1 
















































RTP
catalog -
catSplash
Page Layout - Canvas
macys-navapp_replica_prod_cellB_ma100mlvnav015_m01
MA100MLVNAV015
07/27/2017 05:16:35 EDT
17L
 Sat Jul 8 01:05:37 UTC 2017
2.81.39


