


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Fiduciary Management, Inc. | Investment Counsel



















































Home
About Us

Introduction
Professional Staff


Institutional Investors

Introduction
Small Cap Equity Composite
Large Cap Equity Composite
All Cap Equity Composite
International Equity Composite
Strategy Letters

Small Cap Equity ISO Letters
Large Cap Equity ISO Letters
All Cap Equity ISO Letters
International Equity ISO Letters


Articles


FMI Mutual Funds
Contact Us




























 Fiduciary Management, Inc. (“FMI”), founded in 1980, is an employee owned independent money management firm based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. FMI’s equity investing strategies apply a value discipline, with a focused approach firmly rooted in fundamental research.   As of 6/30/2017, FMI manages over $25 billion in assets for domestic and international institutions, individual investors, and Registered Investment Advisors through separately managed accounts and the FMI Family of Funds.






















             ©2017  Fiduciary Management, Inc.   

        












Maintenance Management Software Price Quotes From Qualified Sellers




































Maintenance Management Software Price Quotes From Qualified Sellers




































Maintenance Management Software Price Quotes From Qualified Sellers




































Maintenance Management Software Price Quotes From Qualified Sellers
































New England Asset Management Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback



























new england asset management inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
New England Asset Management, Inc. operates as an investment management firm. The Company offers asset and risk management, investment accounting, and reporting services to governmental entities, pension and profit sharing plans, corporations, and charitable organizations. New England Asset Management serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

Pond View Corporate Center
74 Batterson Park Road
Farmington, CT 06032
United States


Phone:
1-860-676-8722


Fax:
1-860-676-8712


Web url:
www.neamgroup.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company


William Rotatori
New England Asset Mgmt Inc


























From The Web











Key Executives


William E Rotatori "Bill"


Chairman/CEO




Calvin Clark Jr "Chip"


President




Vincent J Delucia "Vin"


Chief Investment Officer




Karen J Morais


Chief Compliance Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




























































GENERAL RE NEW ENGLAND ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. - STAMFORD, CT - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CT



STAMFORD



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            GENERAL RE NEW ENGLAND ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC.
                                    



 





















G 


GENERAL RE NEW ENGLAND ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC.
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



695 MAIN ST STE 600 STAMFORD, CT 06901
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 1993
 Incorporated DE
 Annual Revenue $190,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts RONALD FURGUSON







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1993 the company has been providing Investment Advice. General Re New England Asset Management, Inc. is incorporated in Delaware, has 2 employees and estimated revenues of $190,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







G

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















New England Asset Management, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 11:47 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of New England Asset Management, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
New England Asset Management is a privately owned investment manager. The firm also provides enterprise risk management, investment technology solutions, investment accounting services and reporting, regulatory and rating agency reporting, managing custodian relationship, and performance analysis, along with analytical tools and integrated risk management services to its clients. It primarily provides its services to insurance companies. The firm also caters to high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, pooled investment vehicles, and state or municipal government entities. It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm also offers structur...
New England Asset Management is a privately owned investment manager. The firm also provides enterprise risk management, investment technology solutions, investment accounting services and reporting, regulatory and rating agency reporting, managing custodian relationship, and performance analysis, along with analytical tools and integrated risk management services to its clients. It primarily provides its services to insurance companies. The firm also caters to high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, pooled investment vehicles, and state or municipal government entities. It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm also offers structured finance pools for its clients. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. The firm typically invests in value stocks. For the fixed income portion, the firm invests in government, corporate, mortgage-backed, asset backed, and municipal securities. It employs a fundamental analysis to create its portfolios. The firm was formerly known as General Re-New England Asset Management, Inc. New England Asset Management was founded in 1984 and is based in Farmington, Connecticut with an additional office in Rancho Santa Fe, California. It operates as a subsidiary of General Re Corporation.
Detailed Description


Pond View Corporate Center74 Batterson Park RoadFarmington, CT 06032United StatesFounded in 1984



Phone: 860-676-8722

Fax: 860-676-8712

www.neamgroup.com







Key Executives for New England Asset Management, Inc.




Mr. William Eugene Rotatori CFA


      	Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Calvin Clark Jr.


      	President
      








Dr. James E. Bachman Ph.D.


      	Vice President
      








Mr. Vincent J. DeLucia


      	Chief Investment Officer
      








Mr. Robert Emery CFA


      	Head of Information Technology
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact New England Asset Management, Inc., please visit www.neamgroup.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































 





403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




﻿































Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $3.72 Billion - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Nordstrom Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Nordstrom Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $3.72 Billion
Analysts Expect Paychex, Inc. (NASDAQ:PAYX) to Post $0.60 EPS
Cogeco Communications Inc (TSE:CCA) Expected to Earn FY2018 Earnings of $6.11 Per Share
BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. Expected to Post FY2018 Earnings of ($0.72) Per Share (BDSI)
Royal Bank Of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for NCI Building Systems, Inc. (NCS)
CVR Partners, LP (NYSE:UAN) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Diversified Trust Co Holds Stake in Northern Trust Corporation (NASDAQ:NTRS)
Prospera Financial Services Inc Acquires Shares of 7,070 Home Bancorp, Inc. (HBCP)
Bollard Group LLC Buys 3,038 Shares of Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (HEP)
Gradient Investments LLC Increases Position in PDC Energy, Inc. (PDCE)
Gradient Investments LLC Raises Position in Canon, Inc. (NYSE:CAJ)
Spirit of America Management Corp NY Has $788,000 Stake in EOG Resources, Inc. (NYSE:EOG)
Charter Trust Co. Reduces Position in Marathon Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:MPC)
Harman International Industries (NYSE:HAR) Receives News Sentiment Rating of 0.15
Whiting Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:WLL) Now Covered by Bank of America Corporation
$245.80 Million in Sales Expected for Multi-Color Corporation (LABL) This Quarter
Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Datawatch Corporation’s FY2018 Earnings (DWCH)
LivePerson, Inc. (LPSN) EVP Dustin Dean Sells 2,400 Shares of Stock
Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (NYSE:CFG) Issues Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS
Lamb Weston Holdings Inc. (NYSE:LW) Announces $0.19 Quarterly Dividend




 


Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $3.72 Billion

					Posted by Michael Walen on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 




Wall Street analysts expect Nordstrom, Inc. (NYSE:JWN) to announce $3.72 billion in sales for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks. Four analysts have made estimates for Nordstrom’s earnings, with the lowest sales estimate coming in at $3.70 billion and the highest estimate coming in at $3.75 billion. Nordstrom posted sales of $3.65 billion in the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year-over-year growth rate of 1.9%. The firm is expected to issue its next earnings results after the market closes  on Thursday, August 10th.
On average, analysts expect that Nordstrom will report full-year sales of $3.72 billion for the current financial year, with estimates ranging from $15.03 billion to $15.31 billion. For the next year, analysts forecast that the business will report sales of $15.48 billion per share, with estimates ranging from $15.27 billion to $15.78 billion. Zacks Investment Research’s sales calculations are an average based on a survey of sell-side analysts that that provide coverage for Nordstrom.


 Get Nordstrom Inc. alerts:



Several brokerages recently issued reports on JWN. Vetr cut Nordstrom from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $48.92 price objective for the company. in a report on Monday, April 10th. Piper Jaffray Companies  set a $42.00 target price on Nordstrom and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, May 13th. Robert W. Baird  set a $50.00 target price on Nordstrom and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, May 13th. ValuEngine lowered Nordstrom from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, June 8th. Finally, Atlantic Securities raised Nordstrom from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and boosted their price target for the company from $45.00 to $58.00 in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have assigned  a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $47.23.




A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Parallel Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of  Nordstrom by 12.7% in the first quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 2,099 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 236 shares during the last quarter.  Gemmer Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of  Nordstrom by 0.8% in the first quarter. Gemmer Asset Management LLC now owns 2,252 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $105,000 after buying an additional 18 shares during the last quarter.  Ledyard National Bank raised its position in shares of  Nordstrom by 291.1% in the first quarter. Ledyard National Bank now owns 2,362 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $110,000 after buying an additional 1,758 shares during the last quarter.  Advisory Services Network LLC purchased a new position in shares of  Nordstrom during the first quarter worth about $113,000.  Finally, NEXT Financial Group Inc raised its position in shares of  Nordstrom by 55.4% in the second quarter. NEXT Financial Group Inc now owns 2,642 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $126,000 after buying an additional 942 shares during the last quarter. 64.07% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $3.72 Billion” was  posted by Markets Daily and is the property of of Markets Daily. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be read at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/21/nordstrom-inc-jwn-expected-to-announce-quarterly-sales-of-3-72-billion.html. 
Shares of Nordstrom (JWN) traded up 0.435% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $47.305. 564,327 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $46.32 and a 200-day moving average of $45.28. Nordstrom has a 52 week low of $39.05 and a 52 week high of $62.82. The stock has a market capitalization of $7.86 billion, a PE ratio of 22.147 and a beta of 0.83. 
About Nordstrom
Nordstrom, Inc is a fashion specialty retailer in the United States. The Company’s segments include Retail and Credit. As of March 20, 2017, the Company operated 344 the United States stores located in 40 states as well as an e-commerce business. The Company also offers its customers a variety of payment products and services, including credit and debit cards.
Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Nordstrom (JWN)
For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com






Receive News & Ratings for Nordstrom Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nordstrom Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website





































































 









Goldman Sachs BDC (NYSE:GSBD) vs. Fortress Investment Group (FIG) Head to Head Review | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Fortress Investment Group LLC - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortress Investment Group LLC with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Comparing A.H. Belo Corporation (NYSE:AHC) & tronc (TRNC)					

Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold					

Profit Investment Management LLC Cuts Stake in FirstCash Inc (FCFS)					

Maple Capital Management Inc. Has $5.47 Million Stake in PPL Corporation (NYSE:PPL)					

Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. (NYSE:UBA) Stake Maintained by Rehmann Capital Advisory Group					

Baidu, Inc. (NASDAQ:BIDU) Stake Increased by Rehmann Capital Advisory Group					

Rehmann Capital Advisory Group Buys 127 Shares of HP Inc. (NYSE:HPQ)					

Gentex Corporation (NASDAQ:GNTX) Shares Sold by Rehmann Capital Advisory Group					

HSBC Holdings PLC (NYSE:HSBC) Position Reduced by Rehmann Capital Advisory Group					

OpGen, Inc. (NASDAQ:OPGN) Given a $1.00 Price Target at HC Wainwright					

Vicor Corporation (NASDAQ:VICR) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds					

Maple Capital Management Inc. Has $8.94 Million Position in Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (NASDAQ:CHKP)					

Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Systemax (NYSE:SYX) Share Price					

Tarbox Family Office Inc. Has $119,000 Stake in MPLX LP (MPLX)					

Zacks: Brokerages Expect EnPro Industries (NPO) to Post $0.50 Earnings Per Share					

Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for CyrusOne (CONE)					

Kelly Services, Inc. (NASDAQ:KELYA) Position Maintained by Maple Capital Management Inc.					

Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. (NYSE:TSM) Stake Decreased by Augustine Asset Management Inc.					

21,820 Shares in MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:MTSI) Acquired by Patten & Patten Inc. TN					

Patten & Patten Inc. TN Sells 362 Shares of Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. (NYSE:HLT)					





 





						Goldman Sachs BDC (NYSE:GSBD) vs. Fortress Investment Group (FIG) Head to Head Review					

						 July 8th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Latisha Jones 


							Filed Under: Comparison Articles - Finance 







Tweet










Fortress Investment Group (NYSE: FIG) and Goldman Sachs BDC (NYSE:GSBD) are both finance companies, but which is the superior business? We will contrast the two businesses based on the strength of their earnings, valuation, profitabiliy, analyst recommendations, dividends, institutional ownership and risk. 
Risk and Volatility
Fortress Investment Group has a beta of 1.96, suggesting that its stock price is 96% more volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively, Goldman Sachs BDC has a beta of 0.86, suggesting that its stock price is 14% less volatile than the S&P 500. 




Analyst Ratings
This is a breakdown of current recommendations and price targets for Fortress Investment Group and Goldman Sachs BDC, as reported by MarketBeat. 



Sell Ratings
Hold Ratings
Buy Ratings
Strong Buy Ratings
Rating Score


Fortress Investment Group
0
4
0
0
2.00


Goldman Sachs BDC
1
4
3
0
2.25


Fortress Investment Group presently has a consensus price target of $6.00, suggesting a potential downside of 25.28%. Goldman Sachs BDC has a consensus price target of $22.18, suggesting a potential downside of 2.03%. Given Goldman Sachs BDC’s stronger consensus rating and  higher probable upside, analysts plainly believe Goldman Sachs BDC is more favorable than Fortress Investment Group.
Dividends
Fortress Investment Group pays an annual dividend of $0.36 per share and has a dividend yield of 4.5%. Goldman Sachs BDC pays an annual dividend of $1.80 per share and has a dividend yield of 8.0%. Fortress Investment Group pays out 116.1% of its earnings in the form of a dividend, suggesting it may not have sufficient earnings to cover its dividend payment in the future. Goldman Sachs BDC pays out 132.4% of its earnings in the form of a dividend, suggesting it may not have sufficient earnings to cover its dividend payment in the future. 
Profitability
This table compares Fortress Investment Group and Goldman Sachs BDC’s net margins, return on equity and return on assets.



Net Margins
Return on Equity
Return on Assets


Fortress Investment Group
8.26%
41.94%
16.42%


Goldman Sachs BDC
39.55%
10.92%
6.18%


Institutional and Insider Ownership
43.5% of Fortress Investment Group shares are owned by institutional investors. Comparatively, 35.9% of Goldman Sachs BDC shares are owned by institutional investors. 45.2% of Fortress Investment Group shares are owned by insiders. Comparatively, 0.3% of Goldman Sachs BDC shares are owned by insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that hedge funds, large money managers and endowments believe a stock will outperform the market over the long term.
Valuation and Earnings
This table compares Fortress Investment Group and Goldman Sachs BDC’s gross revenue, earnings per share (EPS) and valuation.



Gross Revenue
Price/Sales Ratio
EBITDA
Earnings Per Share
Price/Earnings Ratio


Fortress Investment Group
$933.37 million
1.88
$209.67 million
$0.31
25.90


Goldman Sachs BDC
N/A
N/A
N/A
$1.36
16.65


Fortress Investment Group has higher revenue and earnings than Goldman Sachs BDC. Goldman Sachs BDC is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than Fortress Investment Group, indicating that it is currently the more affordable of the two stocks. 
Fortress Investment Group Company Profile
Fortress Investment Group LLC (Fortress) is an investment management firm. The Company operates through segments, including private equity funds, permanent capital vehicles, credit hedge funds, credit PE funds, liquid hedge funds and Logan Circle. Its business is to sponsor the formation of, and provide investment management services for, various investment funds, permanent capital vehicles and related managed accounts (the Fortress Funds). Fortress’s sources of income from the Fortress Funds are management fees, incentive income and investment income on its investments in the funds. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s private equity business manages approximately $13.5 billion of assets under management (AUM); credit funds business manages approximately $18.1 billion of AUM; liquid hedge funds business manages over $4.6 billion of AUM, and Logan Circle business manages approximately $33.4 billion of AUM.
Goldman Sachs BDC Company Profile
Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc. is a closed-end management investment company. The Company is a specialty finance company, which is focused on lending to middle-market companies. The Company’s investment objective is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation primarily through direct originations of secured debt, including first lien, including first lien, unitranche, including last out portions of such loans, and second lien debt, and unsecured debt, including mezzanine debt, as well as through select equity investments. The Company invests primarily in the United States middle-market companies. The Company invests in illiquid securities, including debt and equity investments, of middle-market companies. As of December 31, 2016, its portfolio included first lien/senior secured debt, first lien/last-out unitranche, second lien/senior secured debt, unsecured debt, preferred stock, common stock, and investment funds and vehicles.





Receive News & Ratings for Fortress Investment Group LLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortress Investment Group LLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 



























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Fiduciary Management, Inc. | Investment Counsel



















































Home
About Us

Introduction
Professional Staff


Institutional Investors

Introduction
Small Cap Equity Composite
Large Cap Equity Composite
All Cap Equity Composite
International Equity Composite
Strategy Letters

Small Cap Equity ISO Letters
Large Cap Equity ISO Letters
All Cap Equity ISO Letters
International Equity ISO Letters


Articles


FMI Mutual Funds
Contact Us




























 Fiduciary Management, Inc. (“FMI”), founded in 1980, is an employee owned independent money management firm based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. FMI’s equity investing strategies apply a value discipline, with a focused approach firmly rooted in fundamental research.   As of 6/30/2017, FMI manages over $25 billion in assets for domestic and international institutions, individual investors, and Registered Investment Advisors through separately managed accounts and the FMI Family of Funds.






















             ©2017  Fiduciary Management, Inc.   

        












Maintenance Management Software Price Quotes From Qualified Sellers




































Maintenance Management Software Price Quotes From Qualified Sellers




































Maintenance Management Software Price Quotes From Qualified Sellers




































Maintenance Management Software Price Quotes From Qualified Sellers






























