


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















1031property












































Copyright © 2016 1031property.com  All rights reserved.




Privacy Policy










FREE Triple Net Property List




1031 NNN Properties For Sale







Request NNN Properties List



Enter your details below and one of our representatives will contact you.






*Required Fields







Your Name *


Your Email *


Phone Number *


Role *Select RoleInvestorCPAAttorneyFinancial AdvisorReal Estate Broker - Representing ClientsReal Estate Broker - Personal InvestmentsOther


Investment Status *Select StatusConsidering a SaleProperty ListedUnder ContractIn 45 Day Property ID PeriodCash InvestmentResearching 1031 ExchangesResearching NNN Lease Opportunities


Equity *Select Equity< $100,000$100,000 - $250,000$250,001 - $500,000$500,001 - $1,000,000$1,000,001 - $2,000,000$2,000,001 - $5,000,000$5,000,001 + 




>> Get Your NNN List Now <<





Our Process is




SIMPLE....








1







2







3





Complete One Easy Form


Receive Triple Net Properties List


Buy the Property That's Best For You!








NNN are Ideal for 1031 Exchanges


Freedom from Property Management


Credit Tenants with Long Term Leases


Receive Increased Cash Flow


Institutional Quality Real Estate


NNN Properties Available Nationwide


Exclusive Off-Market NNN Properties


Find Properties in 45 Days


Select Flexible Investment Sizes


Investments as Low as $100,0000





Benefits of 1031 & NNN Properties

























As Seen In




Need Help?  Call Now: 


1-888-395-0046




Privacy Policy










 Get 1031 List




 Get 1031 List




 Get 1031 List




Call 1-888-395-0046 Now For Your NNN List




What is a Triple Net Lease?


The terms “Triple Net Lease”, Triple Net Leased “Triple-Net,” “NNN,” “Net Lease,” “Net-Net- Net” are
interchangeable. The definition of a Triple Net Lease (NNN) requires the tenant to pay all insurance, maintenance,
and taxes. The tenant is responsible for all normal expenses of ownership, leaving the owner free of day-to- day
management responsibility.


Most commercial property NNN leases are often between 10-25 years and include cost-of- living rent increases.
Rental payment continues for the full term of a NNN lease. This makes the credit rating of the tenant very important.




 Get 1031 List




NNN-1031 Investment Advantages


Here are a few benefits of an investment grade (defined as having a BBB- or better credit rating by at least one of the rating agencies) triple NNN investment property:


	
	1. Net leased properties can relieve owners from day-to- day management issues.

	2. Steady income-stream potential paid by an investment grade corporate tenant.

	3. A long-term lease to a corporate tenant with credit rating makes it easier to get a mortgage loan at favorable rates.

	4. NNN properties may have high residual values because they are most often built for retailers who have researched the market to find high density, middle income areas with attractive traffic patterns.




 Get 1031 List




Why Triple-Net- Leases should align tenant and landlord interest.


Many regional and national companies choose to lease their business property. Leasing the property gives the
occupying companies the ability to control their physical environment without the financial commitment of
ownership. By leasing the property, companies free up their corporate funds for business expansion and
improvement. A Triple-Net lease gives the companies control over the property they occupy without the capital
commitment of ownership.


Most commercial property NNN leases are often between 10-25 years and include cost-of- living rent increases.
Rental payment continues for the full term of a NNN lease. This makes the credit rating of the tenant very important.




1031 Exchange NNN-DST Properties


Some Triple Net investment properties are available as a Tenancy in Common (DST) interest.  NNN-DST properties
can be single-tenant, industrial, or retail properties with long-term leases to corporate tenants, however it is not
uncommon to find Triple Net Lease, NNN investment multi-tenant office property.

A potential investor could perhaps exchange into a DST 1031 exchange triple net property that requires little day-to-
day involvement by the investor. These undivided fractional interests provide an alternative to sole ownership of real
estate by allowing taxpayers to purchase interests in larger, commercial quality properties that are professionally
managed.




Sole Ownership NNN vs. Delaware Statutory Trusts (DST)


Since the mid-1990s, 1031 exchange investors have reinvested their equity into Triple Net Lease (NNN) investment properties structured as Tenancy-in- Common (DST). If you are an accredited and pre-qualified investor searching for a Triple Net Lease (NNN) property you may consider the following potential advantages of investing in a Triple Net Lease (NNN) property owned Delaware Statutory Trusts: (see 1031 Tenant in Common Pitfalls)


1. Selection of qualified 1031 exchange (DST) Triple Net Lease (NNN) properties. A limited variety of Tenancy-in- Common (DST) Triple Net Lease (NNN) properties usually exist for sale in different asset classes and geographical locations.

	2. Diversification. There is always risk, but net proceeds may be split among several (DST) Triple Net Lease (NNN) properties and thus invested in several different markets and asset classes, depending on an exchangers equity/debt requirements and the limited number of DST properties available during the Exchangers identification period.

	3. Locating Delaware Statutory Trusts (DST) Triple Net Lease (NNN) replacement properties. A real estate company typically locates the DST 1031 exchange NNN property, conducts it’s own due diligence research, arranges for the financing, manages the acquisition of the new investment property, sets up the Delaware Statutory Trusts (DST) program, and provides the new owners with a management contract with a property management company (affiliated often) to manage the property on a day to day basis.

	4. The exchanger can potentially invest in higher -quality Triple Net Lease (NNN) institutional properties than if you were to invest as an individual.

	Large institutional properties could potentially benefit by having access to more competitive lenders, institutional buyers, and a stronger, more stable tenants base.

	5. The exchanger may benefit from non-recourse debt.

	Investors assume institutional grade, pre-arranged, non-recourse (no personal guarantee) financing. DST-1031 properties are sometimes available that have no debt, or up to a range of 75% leverage. (Note there are usually certain carve out provisions wherein DST owners could be personally liable.

	6. Exchangers may often match or exceed your exchange equity/debt requirements.

	Delaware Statutory Trusts (DST) investments offer Triple Net Lease (NNN) investment opportunities ranging from as little as 100K equity up to several million dollars.




Triple Net Lease & DST Master Lease


MASTER LEASE STRUCTURE IN DST SECTION 1031 REPLACEMENT PROPERTY PROGRAMS


1031 Sponsors may offer Delaware Statutory Trusts properties on a Triple Net Master Lease structure to 1031 exchange investors with a Master Lease in place.	
	


WHAT IS A Triple Net (NNN) MASTER LEASE?


In a Master Lease structure, a single entity leases the entire property from the owners in return for a stipulated rent. The owners of the property only have one tenant per the master lease, the “Master Lessee.” The Master Lessee is responsible for the management, maintenance, repairs, leasing, taxes, assessments, and insurance. Most commonly referred to as a “triple net” lease, the structure requires that the owners of the property receive their rent completely and on time from the Master Lessee.	
	




 Get 1031 List




Call 1-888-395-0046 Now For NNN List





















































Fix the following errors:Hide










The requested URL was not found on this server.The requested URL was not found on this server.The requested URL was not found on this server.The requested URL was not found on this server.




        Top-Rated NNN Properties for Sale | Triple Net Investments        














































































Top-Rated NNN Properties for Sale
Invest in Triple Net Properties Quickly and Confidently




Access our exclusive PROPERTY VAULT® for free!

Find and compare top-rated NNN triple net lease investment properties nationwide
Get instant emails with expert-selected properties that match your investment criteria, including off-market properties
Quickly and efficiently complete your investment real estate acquisition







Get Instant Access to Expert-Rated NNN Properties for Sale

OR



CALL NOW

877-486-1031
(Toll Free)
 Trusted National Real Estate Experts Since 1972
OR


Submit the Form Below














Best Contact TimeMorningAfternoonEveningAny time


RoleInvestorCPA/AttorneyBrokerOther
StatusLooking for Non 1031 PropertyProperty for SaleProperty Under ContractIn 45 Day ID PeriodNeed 1033 Replacement Property
Cash$50,000 to $99,000$100,000 to $249,000$250,000 to $499,000$500,000 to $749,000$750,000 to $999,000$1,000,000 to $3,000,000$3,000,000 to $5,000,000$5,000,000 to $10,000,000$10,000,000 to $20,000,000$20,000,000 plus





Trustpilot




Trustpilot




 We hate SPAM and promise to keep your email address safe. Privacy Policy













Trustpilot










Find Top-Rated Net Lease Properties Nationwide

We review and rate hundreds of net lease NN and NNN real estate investment properties every week. True triple net lease properties have no landlord responsibility while double net lease properties have limited landlord responsibility (commonly roof and structure). Once properties are Rated they are matched to investors needs and a notice is emailed and/or optionally texted to the investors. The investor then can login to their Property Vault for full details and easily compare with other rated investment properties.
All our net lease real estate properties are eligible for 1031 and 1033 exchanges. If you’re doing an exchange now, we’ll work to ensure that you meet your 45-day new property ID period providing you with the best net lease property plus one or more of our innovative Plan B backup plans to assure your exchange does not fail.
To round out exchanges and to provide greater diversification we also have fractional ownership through TIC investment properties (Tenants In Common) for as little as $150,000.






BEST SOURCE
FOR NET LEASE
PROPERTIES


Unique PROPERTY VAULT® to find NNN
properties
NATIONWIDE











Example Properties for Sale



Advance Auto Parts
Chase Bank
Walmart
IHOP
CVS Pharmacy
7-ELEVEN
Family Dollar
Fresenius Seamless Care
Walgreens
McDonalds
Chick-fil-A
Starbucks Coffee
FedEx
Sherwin Williams
AT&T

& many more






How Does the PROPERTY VAULT® Work?




Step 1

Register for free access to the NNN Property Vault




Step 2

We match your needs to our national inventory of NNN rated properties

Browse and compare matching properties using the Property Vault analytic tools
Receive emails when a new property is added to your Property Vault





Step 3

We help you make a final property selection and handle all the closing details

Our team of brokerage, lender, escrow, title, legal and accounting resources is at your disposal
We take care of the offer, negotiation, escrow and debt arrangement for you.












The Value of Property Ratings

The Property Vault® rating system quantifies key drivers to value to quickly identify and match the best properties to investor’s unique needs. Hundreds of properties are rated each week to identify both their short and long term strengths and weaknesses. Ratings are based in-depth analysis of stability of cash flows, potential appreciation, demographic trends, supply & demand studies, local economic conditions, traffic patterns, tenant credit, lease terms, pricing, cap rate, nature of improvements and other key value drivers.
The ratings and property characteristics are then matched to each investor’s risk tolerance and objectives and needs. Email and text message notices are automatically sent to investors giving them the ability to quickly respond to their desired property match. Objective analytic reports and data are supplied for all rated properties. Key drivers to value can be easily compared using the Property Vault® “Compare Favorites” feature to assist investors in making their final investment decision.



“I found properties I could never have found on my own.”
~ Ali S, CPA, Los Angeles California
“Easily saved me 90% of the time the process used to take me.”
~ Steve P, Investor, Dallas Texas
“The objective number-driven analytics took the “sales” part out of the equation, leaving me with a property I understood and was comfortable with. No high pressure sales, just the facts. I love it!”
~ Mike H, Investor, Scottsdale Arizona








Client Case Study



Recently I decided to it was time to sell three manufactured housing communities that I owned for a number of years. I was tired of dealing with tenants, the constant upkeep and repair and did not feel positive about the direction of the industry as a whole. In order to avoid paying over 3/4 of a million dollars in capital gains, my accountant advised me to do a 1031 exchange.
TM 1031 Exchange was recommended to me by my broker at Clear Point Financial. They located all three of the replacement properties (Verizon Wireless, Jiffy Lube, and a 14,000 sq. ft. medical office building.
I feel these properties are far superior investments than anything I could find on my own. The Property Vault was a tremendous help in sorting out and comparing properties and investment potential. TM 1031 negotiated the purchase with the sellers, arranged for the Facilitator, assisted with obtaining the needed loans and the due diligence. They were able to put me in touch with very competent legal counsel who were critical in closing the transactions in each geographic location where the properties are located.
Because I had to sell my properties and close properties in three different states while staying in compliance with the strict IRS regulations and timelines in regards to exchanges, this was not a simple transaction. TM 1031 made the whole process as smooth as possible and I would highly recommend them to other investors.
Dennis Daly
Olympia, Washington






Why Use TM 1031 Exchange to Purchase Your NNN Lease Property?




Large National Inventory of NNN Properties for Sale
Exclusive PROPERTY VAULT®, instant email/text notifications
Access to Off-Market Properties




Expert Assistance from Buyer’s Brokers, Lawyers & CPAs
Objective Property Vault Ratings/Matching
Easily View/Compare Investment Details








Get Instant Access to Expert-Rated NNN Properties for Sale

OR



CALL NOW

877-486-1031
(Toll Free)
 Trusted National Real Estate Experts Since 1972
OR


Submit the Form Below














Best Contact TimeMorningAfternoonEveningAny time


RoleInvestorCPA/AttorneyBrokerOther
StatusLooking for Non 1031 PropertyProperty for SaleProperty Under ContractIn 45 Day ID PeriodNeed 1033 Replacement Property
Cash$50,000 to $99,000$100,000 to $249,000$250,000 to $499,000$500,000 to $749,000$750,000 to $999,000$1,000,000 to $3,000,000$3,000,000 to $5,000,000$5,000,000 to $10,000,000$10,000,000 to $20,000,000$20,000,000 plus





Trustpilot




Trustpilot




 We hate SPAM and promise to keep your email address safe. Privacy Policy










Have an NNN property that you want to sell? Send us an email and we’ll be happy to help.



	
	﻿                        




















NNN Properties | Net Lease Specialist | Free 1031 Exchange




















1031/1033Exchanges

1031 Exchange
1033 Exchange


FractionalProperties
NNN Properties
Investors
Owner/Developer
PartnerProgram
Resources

Investor Needs
IRS Regulations
IRS Publications and Forms
Due Diligence
Resources
Glossary of Terms
FAQs
Industry Links
Industry Articles
1031 Tool Kit
Suggested Books
Tenant Credit Ratings


About Us

About Us
Our Approach
Tim Marshall, Founder, President and CEO



















NNN PROPERTIES
	 








   NNN PROPERTIES
Tenant Credit Ratings



What are NNN Properties?
NNN Properties are typically free standing buildings that are leased to tenants for a 10 to 25 year term.  NNN Properties offer the benefit of little or no management responsibilities as the tenant pays for all, if not most of the expenses. The investor receives their rent with little to no other involvement.
Tenants in NNN Properties are divided by both quality and type of businesses they are in.  Qualitatively NNN Properties have either credit or non credit tenants.  The most desirable (least risk) NNN Properties have investment grade (rated BBB- and better) credit tenants.

Non credit tenant NNN Properties have tenants that are not credit rated.  These tenants frequently are regional or local businesses or companies that are unrated.  Some tenants are considered credit worthy yet are unrated because they carry no debt on their books.  Click Tenant Ratings for list of tenants for NNN Properties.
Who Buys NNN Properties?
NNN Properties are appealing to those who wish to have outright ownership of their commercial real estate investments and have little to no management responsibility.  The alternative ways of owning non management commercial real estate would be to own a security in the form of a mutual fund or REIT or invest in fractional ownership Tenant in Common properties.

A major advantage of 100% direct ownership is control and the ability to defer future capital gains by doing a 1031 exchange when the property is sold.  For many investors the lack of immediate liquidity inherent in NNN Properties is offset by the lack of volatility NNN Properties offer when compared to a securitized investment.   Investors should carefully consider their need for liquidity when considering investing in NNN Properties.
How are NNN Properties Valued?
NNN Properties typically are valued using their Capitalization Rate also referred to as Cap Rate. NNN Properties cap rates reflects the value of a stream of economic benefits discounted for time and risk. Generally this is computed as a pretax cap rate using the Net Operating Income (NOI) for NNN Properties.

NOI is income less all expenses before debt service. The Cap Rate is the NOI divided by the purchase price for NNN Properties. Conversely the NOI divided by the Cap Rate will equal the purchase or selling price.
Example of Cap Rates for NNN Properties:
NOI = $100,000/10%=$1,000,000 Purchase or Selling Price
NOI = $100,000/$1,000,000=10% Cap Rate
How are Cap Rates Determined for NNN Properties?
Some of the major considerations when calculating Cap Rates for NNN Properties are:

 The credit worthiness of the tenant.
 The length of the lease, typically 10 to 25 years.
 The type of lease, triple net (NNN) or double net (NN). See below for definition.
 Type and frequency of bumps or increases if any in rent.
 Cost of financing
 Strength of the demographics of the property location
 Nature of the improvements. Are the improvements easily converted for another tenant or are they special purpose that would require significant expense and time to convert before re tenanting?
 Age and condition of the improvements
The more positive the above factors for NNN Properties, the lower the Cap Rate or the higher the value of the property related to its income stream. Conversely if the above factors for NNN Properties are weak the Cap Rate will be higher and the resulting value will be lower reflecting the greater risk of the investment.

It is important to remember that markets are not perfect and low Cap Rate NNN Properties are  not necessary a lower risk investment, they could simply be a bad investment that is over priced.  Astute investors seek NNN Properties that are mispriced in their favor, namely a higher Cap Rate for a property that has lower risk factors.
What is Build-to-Suit?
In a build-to-suit the landlord builds the improvements for the tenant and the tenant leases them back typically on a Net Lease.  The Net Lease rent payable by the tenant is a function of the construction and financing costs of the project.  This arrangement allows the tenant to move in and occupy the property with zero initial cost.

The Net Lease rent is fully deductible over the lease term, making the tenant's after-tax cost less than with alternative forms of asset-based financing.
What is a Ground Lease?
A ground lease is a method for separating ownership of the improvements (building) from the ownership of the underlying fee (ground). Typically ground leases are long term Net Leases where the tenant pays all expenses except debt service.
  Any financing for the improvements are paid for by the tenant.  In some cases the ground lease is subordinated to the debt on the improvements.

On unsubordinated ground lease, no lien is placed against the fee simple title to the land. Instead, the leasehold estate is the primary security for any debt on the improvements.  There is no depreciation with the ownership of a ground lease.
Many investors favor ground leases because they don't need to use their own funds to build the improvements yet end up owning the improvements on termination of the lease.  When the Net Lease ends the improvements revert to the owner of the ground lease the owner benefits from the full rent for both the land and the improvements.
Tenants like ground leases because they reduce the tenant's cost of development by eliminating land acquisition costs.  A long term Net Lease provides predictable rent payments that are deductible by the tenant for federal and state income tax purposes.
Typically ground leases are long term Net Leases and include set rent escalations, foreclosure rights and reversionary right (improvements revert to owner of ground lease at termination of the lease).
What is a Sale Leaseback?
A Real estate sale leaseback is when a business sells its commercial property for current market value and then leases it back typically using a Net Lease.  The seller retains the use of their real estate and frees up capital which can be used to invest back into the business.  
Real estate sale leasebacks are popular because they generate capital for immediate use within the business.

A long term Net Lease on a sale leaseback create a predictable rent that is deductible for federal and state income tax purposes Some businesses do sale and leaseback transactions for equipment as well.
Types Net Leases
NNN Properties are generally categorized as either true triple net (NNN) or double net (NN).  The distinction between NNN and NN leases is an important one as can be seen in the following definitions.
Absolute Triple Net (NNN)
The tenant pays operating expenses such as maintenance, repairs, taxes and replacement for the entire property, without limitation. The owners pay the mortgage only. This is the type of lease that most investors expect when purchasing NNN Properties.
Bond Lease (NNN)
A bond lease is a slight variation on the true triple NNN lease because the tenant is required to absolutely comply with their rent and operating expense obligations regardless of extenuating circumstances affecting the property (i.e. Even if the property is under eminent domain proceedings).  
Double Net Lease  (NN)
Similar to NNN leases but with additional owner responsibilities. The owner is generally liable for the structural components of the building such as the roof, foundation, load-bearing walls and parking.  Leases will vary so they should be carefully read.
Net Lease Alternative
For investors considering NNN Properties but who would like to invest less capital (cash) and still have little to no management responsibilities Fractional Ownership can be a good option to consider.
Advantages of Fractional Properties are the lower minimum investment (starting at $100,000), greater diversification, prepackaged financing (if any) and due diligence material.  Unlike a stock, or bond Fractional Ownership can qualify for 1031 and 1033 exchanges providing they follow IRS guidelines.
CLICK HERE for more information on Fractional Ownership

Get More Information   
See Property Listings

For immediate assistance call 877 486 1031 or 310 264 0497. 




FEATURED PROPERTIES









Home: TM 1031 Exchange     
1031 Exchanges     
Fractional Properties     
NNN Properties     
1031 Investors     
Owner/Developer     
Partner Programs
Resources     
About Us     
Contact Us    
Property Listings     
1031 Exchange Content     
Site Map     
Privacy Policy



This site contains our latest survey of rated properties.Information obtained from sources deemed reliable but not guaranteed.
  TM 1031 Exchange Inc. does not provide legal or tax advice. Investors should conduct their own independent investigations and rely only on those results.
  Before making any investment decision consult with appropriate professionals.
Copyright © 2016, TM 1031 Exchange Inc.









Contact TM 1031 Exchange














1031/1033Exchanges

1031 Exchange
1033 Exchange


FractionalProperties
NNN Properties
Investors
Owner/Developer
PartnerProgram
Resources

Investor Needs
IRS Regulations
IRS Publications and Forms
Due Diligence
Resources
Glossary of Terms
FAQs
Industry Links
Industry Articles
1031 Tool Kit
Suggested Books
Tenant Credit Ratings


About Us

About Us
Our Approach
Tim Marshall, Founder, President and CEO














PLEASE CONTACT ME
	 







Property Vault Registration












To expedite registration call 1 877 486 1031 or fill in form below to start process.


Name:  *


Email:  *


Telephone:  *


Best Time to Reach You? 
Morning
Afternoon
Evening

Your Role?
    
-- Select One --
Experienced Investor
Institutional Investor
Investor Group
First Time Investor
Developer
CPA/Attorney as Investor
CPA/Attorney with Client
Agent/Broker with Client
Agent/Broker as Investor
Other

Equity to Invest?
    
-- Select One --
$50,000 to $99,000
$100,000 to $249,000
$250,000 to $499,000
$500,000 to $749,000
$750,000 to $999,000
$1,000,000 to $3,000,000
$3,000,000 to $5,000,000
$5,000,000 to $10,000,000
$10,000,000 to $20,000,000
$20,000,000 plus

Status?
    
-- Select One --
Looking for Non 1031 Property
Property for Sale
Property Under Contract
In 45 Day ID Period
Need 1033 Replacement Property
Other

* Indicates a Required Field     
No Spam Privacy Policy

  

Property type of interest:


 Single Tenant Net Lease
 Multi-Tenant
 Office
 Multi Family
 Retail
 Mixed Use
 Industrial
 Student Housing


 Assisted Living
 Hospitality
 Educational Care
 Restaurant
 Other


Are you interested in
Fractional Investments ($100,000 Minimum)?     Yes  No
Email Free Articles on following topics:
     1031 Exchange Strategies      1031 Tool Kit
     Real Estate Investment Strategies
     Pluses and Minus of Fractional Ownership
     Investing in Net Lease Properties
Details about your Situation and Needs:










Home: TM 1031 Exchange     
1031 Exchanges     
Fractional Properties     
NNN Properties     
1031 Investors     
Owner/Developer     
Partner Programs
Resources     
About Us     
Contact Us    
Property Listings     
1031 Exchange Content     
Site Map     
Privacy Policy



This site contains our latest survey of rated properties.Information obtained from sources deemed reliable but not guaranteed.
  TM 1031 Exchange Inc. does not provide legal or tax advice. Investors should conduct their own independent investigations and rely only on those results.
  Before making any investment decision consult with appropriate professionals.
Copyright © 2016, TM 1031 Exchange Inc.










About TM 1031 Exchange




















1031/1033Exchanges

1031 Exchange
1033 Exchange


FractionalProperties
NNN Properties
Investors
Owner/Developer
PartnerProgram
Resources

Investor Needs
IRS Regulations
IRS Publications and Forms
Due Diligence
Resources
Glossary of Terms
FAQs
Industry Links
Industry Articles
1031 Tool Kit
Suggested Books
Tenant Credit Ratings


About Us

About Us
Our Approach
Tim Marshall, Founder, President and CEO



















ABOUT US
	 








ABOUT TM 1031 EXCHANGE
A wealth management firmconnecting quality investors with quality properties. 
TM 1031 Exchange Inc. was founded by Tim Marshall in 1999 to provide the investment knowledge and access to the widest possible selection of fairly priced properties, both on and off-market. 
Our team is comprised of experts with extensive experience in investment real estate, risk mitigation, portfolio strategy, wealth management and 1031 exchanges. Through the TM 1031 Exchange Partner Program, investors have access to highly qualified real estate attorneys, Certified Public Accountants, Qualified Intermediaries, Brokers and other real estate professionals.
The TM 1031 Exchange Inc. goal is to provide investors with clear, straight-forward, and useful information in addition to access to the most attractive available properties on the market. Special emphasis is placed on non-management properties, 1031 exchanges, wealth creation and preservation. We work on a consultative basis offering knowledge and a complete, ready when needed, inventory of quality investment properties.
The company is distinctive because of its investor-centric approach. Only after we understand an investor's needs do we provide detailed property information from our national inventory of properties.  We are performance based and are only compensated on close.  
The net result of our approach -we quickly match quality investors with suitable, quality properties. 
For specific questions about 

1031 Exchanges 

call 1-877-486-1031 or click here to EMail.



FEATURED PROPERTIES






Home: TM 1031 Exchange     
1031 Exchanges     
Fractional Properties     
NNN Properties     
1031 Investors     
Owner/Developer     
Partner Programs
Resources     
About Us     
Contact Us    
Property Listings     
1031 Exchange Content     
Site Map     
Privacy Policy



This site contains our latest survey of rated properties.Information obtained from sources deemed reliable but not guaranteed.
  TM 1031 Exchange Inc. does not provide legal or tax advice. Investors should conduct their own independent investigations and rely only on those results.
  Before making any investment decision consult with appropriate professionals.
Copyright © 2016, TM 1031 Exchange Inc.










        New Mountain | Team
    





















FirmTeamSustainabilityNews





New Mountain Private EquityNew Mountain Public EquityNew Mountain Credit



New Mountain's private equity funds seek to acquire the highest quality leaders in carefully selected growth industries.
              Learn More >>
            New Mountain Vantage Advisers, LLC ("Vantage") holds non-control positions in the U.S. public equity market.
              Learn More >>
            New Mountain’s credit strategies apply the firm’s “defensive growth” industry approach  to the debt portion of the capital structure.
              Learn More >>
            






Team


By Position   |   By Platform   |   Management Partners   |   Advisory Board







Teddy Kaplan
Managing Director
Teddy Kaplan, Managing Director, joined New Mountain in 2016 to add net lease and other yield-oriented real estate products to its range of credit and yield offerings. Prior to joining New Mountain, he was Managing Director of Angelo, Gordon & Co., where he was instrumental in the formation and management of Angelo, Gordon’s net lease real estate funds from 2006 to 2015.  Mr. Kaplan was Co-Manager of Angelo Gordon's first two net lease funds, with combined committed equity capital of approximately $720 million. He served on the investment committees of all Angelo Gordon net lease funds, including the firm's third net lease fund, which had committed equity capital in excess of $1 billion.  
Prior to that, he was with W. P. Carey Inc. from 2003 to 2006, where he led the origination, underwriting, and financing of net lease real estate investments in a wide range of industries.  Since 2003, Mr. Kaplan has originated, underwritten, and financed over $2 billion in net lease and other real estate transactions.
Mr. Kaplan previously worked at Meyer, Duffy & Associates making private equity investments in growth and early stage companies and at Brown Brothers Harriman in corporate and financial sponsors banking.
Mr. Kaplan received his B.S. from the McIntire School of Commerce at the University of Virginia with a concentration in Finance in 1996 and his M.B.A. from Columbia Business School in 2003.
Back to Team By Position











                © New Mountain Capital 2017
            

Contact










Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















New-Mountain-Capital-Hires-Teddy-Kaplan-to-Lead-Net-Lease-Real-Estate-Business - Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 













 Stock Quotes and Investment Research  -- Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 









 



New Mountain Capital Hires Teddy Kaplan to Lead Net Lease Real Estate Business | Business Wire


























































New Mountain Capital Hires Teddy Kaplan to Lead Net Lease Real Estate 
      Business






February 11, 2016 07:30 AM Eastern Standard Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--New Mountain Capital, LLC (“New Mountain”), a firm which manages 
      approximately $15 billion of private equity, public equity and credit 
      assets, announced today that Teddy Kaplan has joined the firm as a 
      Managing Director, to head New Mountain’s efforts to add net lease real 
      estate to the firm’s existing range of credit and yield offerings.
    


      Mr. Kaplan was most recently a Managing Director in the Net Lease Real 
      Estate group of Angelo, Gordon & Co., where he was instrumental in the 
      formation and management of that firm’s net lease real estate funds. Mr. 
      Kaplan was Co-Manager of Angelo, Gordon’s first two net lease funds, 
      with combined committed equity capital of approximately $720 million. He 
      served on the investment committees of all Angelo, Gordon net lease 
      funds, including the firm’s third net lease fund, which had committed 
      equity capital in excess of $1 billion. Prior to his nine-year tenure at 
      Angelo, Gordon, Mr. Kaplan led the origination, underwriting and 
      financing of net lease real estate investments for W.P. Carey Inc. Since 
      2003, he has originated, underwritten, and financed over $2 billion of 
      net lease and other real estate transactions.
    

      New Mountain emphasizes deep fundamental research, growth and business 
      building across all of its lines of business, with a particular focus on 
      non-cyclical “defensive growth” niches. New Mountain has never had a 
      private equity portfolio company bankruptcy or missed an interest 
      payment since the firm began in 1999. New Mountain has purchased over 
      $3.5 billion of debt and credit yield instruments since 2008, chiefly 
      for its Guardian and New Mountain Finance Corporation (NYSE:NMFC) 
      efforts, with only $6 million of realized default losses to date.
    

      The firm believes that well executed net leases can provide another 
      attractive source of non-cyclical and “defensive growth” cash yield in 
      similar industries and companies that New Mountain already researches. 
      Furthermore, sale-leaseback investments may benefit from rising rents 
      over time, long durations for successful positions with no prepayment 
      risk, and the safety and collateral of the physical property itself.
    

      “We believe Teddy Kaplan is one of the top net lease experts in the 
      industry, and that he will be able to help create highly attractive and 
      risk controlled yield opportunities for New Mountain’s investors,” said 
      Steve Klinsky, New Mountain’s founder and CEO. “We are very pleased he 
      has agreed to join our team, and to help build this important investment 
      area.”
    

      “New Mountain has used its skills as an owner and builder of private 
      equity companies in order to emerge as a leader in the ‘defensive 
      growth’ sectors of the credit world,” said Mr. Kaplan. “I have long 
      admired the culture and collective expertise of the New Mountain team 
      and believe they have developed an optimal platform from which to 
      execute sale-leasebacks and other net lease real estate transactions 
      with leveraged and sponsored companies. I look forward to helping New 
      Mountain continue its exceptional success by extending its reach into 
      these net lease verticals.”
    

      About New Mountain Capital
    

      New Mountain Capital is a New York-based alternative investments firm 
      that emphasizes business building and growth, rather than debt, as it 
      pursues long-term capital appreciation. The firm currently manages 
      private equity, public equity, and credit funds with over $15 billion in 
      aggregate capital commitments. New Mountain seeks out what it believes 
      to be the highest quality growth leaders in carefully selected industry 
      sectors and then works intensively with management to build the value of 
      these companies. For more information on New Mountain Capital, please 
      visit www.newmountaincapital.com.
    




Contacts

      The Abernathy MacGregor Group, for New Mountain CapitalDana 
      Gorman, 212-371-5999
    














Contacts

      The Abernathy MacGregor Group, for New Mountain CapitalDana 
      Gorman, 212-371-5999
    








 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up























 


 






Acquisition and Financing for New Mountain Net Lease Corporation - Experience - Bass Berry | Sims : Centered to Deliver





































Firm News
About Us
Careers
Contact
Global Reach





Firm News
About Us
Careers
Contact
Global Reach


LinkedIn
Twitter






Search


 








Close X




Our Professionals

Meet Our Professionals >











Attorney Spotlight
How does Justin Starling's former career as an urban planner inform his counsel to real estate developers? Read more>










Search

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z










Services
Alternative Dispute Resolution
Antitrust & Trade Practices
Bankruptcy & Restructuring
Banks & Financial Institutions
Broker-Dealer & Financial Products
Business Disputes
Capital Markets
Certificate of Need & CON Hearings
Compliance & Government Investigations
Construction Contracts & Litigation
Consumer Financial Services
Corporate & Securities
Corporate Governance
Corporate Tax
Cross-Border Transactions
Debt Financing Transactions
Digital Media, Content & Marketing
Economic Development & Corporate Relocation
Electronic Data & Technology
Employee Benefits
Environmental
Executive Compensation
Financial Services
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA)
Government Advocacy & Public Policy
Government Contractor Mergers & Acquisitions
Government Contracts
Health IT Software Vendor Issues
Healthcare
Healthcare Compliance & Administrative Proceedings
Healthcare Contracting, Regulatory & Operational
Healthcare Disputes
Healthcare Finance
Healthcare Fraud & Abuse
Healthcare Information Technology
Healthcare Joint Ventures & Syndications
Healthcare Mergers, Acquisitions & Dispositions
Healthcare Private Equity
Healthcare Real Estate
Insurance & Managed Care
Intellectual Property & Technology
Intellectual Property & Technology Transactions
Intellectual Property Litigation
International
International Trade
Labor & Employment
Litigation & Dispute Resolution
Managed Care Strategy & Disputes
Mergers & Acquisitions
Monitorships
Nonprofit Organizations
Partnership Tax
Patents
Privacy & Data Security
Private Equity
Procurement Fraud
Products Liability & Torts
Public Company Advisory
Public Finance
Real Estate & Construction
Real Estate Transactions
Regulatory & Administrative Proceedings
Securities & Shareholder Litigation
Shareholder Activism
Specialty Pharmacy & Pharmaceuticals
State & Local Tax
Tax
Trademarks
Trusts & Estates
Utilities – Telecom, Energy & Water
Venture Capital




Offices
Knoxville
Memphis
Nashville
Washington, D.C.









Titles
Member
Associate
Attorney
Chief Officer
Counsel
Director
Manager
Member (retired)
Public Policy Advisor
Senior Advisor
Senior Attorney




Schools
American University
American University Washington College of Law
Amherst College
Arkansas State University
Auburn University
Augustana College
Ave Maria School of Law
Belmont University
Belmont University College of Law
Birmingham Southern College
Boston College
Boston College Law School
Boston University School of Law
Bowling Green State University
Brigham Young University
Brown University
Centre College
Christian Brothers University
Civil Aviation University of China
Clemson University
Colgate University
College of William & Mary
Columbia Law School
Columbus School of Law
Community College of the Air Force
Cornell Law School
Davidson College
District Court (Landgericht) Frankfurt am Main
Duke University
Duke University School of Law
East Tennessee State University
Eastern Kentucky University
Eastern Michigan University
Eckerd College
Emory and Henry College
Emory University
Emory University School of Law
Florida State University
Furman University
George Mason University
George Mason University School of Law
George Washington University Law School
Georgetown University
Georgetown University Law Center
Georgia State University College of Law
Harvard Law School
Harvard University
Idaho State University
Indiana University
Indiana University of Pennsylvania
Johann Wolfgang Goethe-Universitat
Kansas State University
Keble College of Oxford University
Lipscomb University
London School of Economics
Louisiana State University
Louisiana State University Paul M. Herbert Law Center
Louisiana Tech University
Loyola University
Memphis State University
Meredith College
Miami University
Middle Tennessee State University
Millsaps College
Mississippi College
Mississippi College School of Law
Mississippi State University
Murray State University
New York University
New York University School of Law
North Carolina State University
Northern Kentucky University Chase College of Law
Northwestern University
Northwestern University School of Law
Notre Dame Law School
Oklahoma Christian University
Oklahoma State University
Oral Roberts University
Pepperdine University School of Law
Princeton University
Providence College
Purdue University
Randolph-Macon Woman's College
Rhodes College
Rice University
Rutgers University School of Law
Saint Francis University
Saint Louis University School of Law
Samford University Cumberland School of Law
Shorter College
South Dakota State University
Southern Baptist Theological Seminary
Southern Methodist University
Southern Methodist University Dedman School of Law
Southern New Hampshire University
Spelman College
Stanford University
State University of New York Albany
State University of New York University at Buffalo Law School
Stetson University
Stetson University College of Law
Syracuse University
Syracuse University College of Law
Temple University Beasley School of Law
Tennessee Technological University
Texas Christian University
The Catholic University of America Columbus School of Law
The Citadel - The Military College of South Carolina
The George Washington University
The George Washington University Law School
The Ohio State University Moritz College of Law
The University of Texas
The University of Texas at Dallas
The University of Texas School of Law
The University of Western Ontario
Transylvania University
Trevecca University
Trinity College
Tufts University
Tulane University
United States Military Academy
University of Alabama
University of Alabama School of Law
University of Arkansas
University of Arkansas at Little Rock William H. Bowen School of Law
University of Arkansas School of Law
University of California, Berkeley School of Law
University of California, Los Angeles
University of Cambridge
University of Chicago
University of Dallas
University of Florida
University of Florida Levin College of Law
University of Georgia
University of Georgia School of Law
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
University of Kentucky
University of Kentucky College of Law
University of Louisville
University of Louisville Brandeis School of Law
University of Maryland
University of Memphis
University of Memphis Cecil C. Humphreys School of Law
University of Memphis School of Law
University of Michigan
University of Michigan Law School
University of Mississippi
University of Mississippi School of Law
University of Missouri
University of Missouri School of Law
University of New Hampshire
University of North Carolina
University of North Carolina at Asheville
University of North Carolina School of Law
University of Notre Dame
University of Pennsylvania
University of Pennsylvania Law School
University of Rochester
University of South Carolina
University of Southern California
University of St. Andrews (Scotland)
University of Tennessee
University of Tennessee at Chattanooga
University of Tennessee at Martin
University of Tennessee College of Law
University of Tennessee Haslam College of Business
University of the South
University of Toledo College of Law
University of Virginia
University of Virginia McIntire School of Commerce
University of Virginia School of Law
University of Washington
University of Wisconsin - Madison
University of Wisconsin - Oshkosh
Valparaiso University
Vanderbilt Law School
Vanderbilt University
Vanderbilt University Owen Graduate School of Management
Vassar College
Villanova University
Wake Forest University
Wake Forest University School of Law
Washington and Lee University
Washington and Lee University School of Law
Washington State University
Washington University School of Law
Wellesley College
Western Carolina University
Western Kentucky University
Western New England College School of Law
William & Mary School of Law
Xavier University
Yale Law School
Yale University



Search











Close X




Experience

Search our Experience










Client Types
Public Company
Private Company
Government
Individual
Nonprofit



Services
Alternative Dispute Resolution
Antitrust & Trade Practices
Bankruptcy & Restructuring
Banks & Financial Institutions
Broker-Dealer & Financial Products
Business Disputes
Capital Markets
Certificate of Need & CON Hearings
Compliance & Government Investigations
Construction Contracts & Litigation
Consumer Financial Services
Corporate & Securities
Corporate Governance
Corporate Tax
Cross-Border Transactions
Debt Financing Transactions
Digital Media, Content & Marketing
Economic Development & Corporate Relocation
Employee Benefits
Environmental
Executive Compensation
Financial Services
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA)
Government Advocacy & Public Policy
Government Contractor Mergers & Acquisitions
Government Contracts
Health IT Software Vendor Issues
Healthcare
Healthcare Compliance & Administrative Proceedings
Healthcare Contracting, Regulatory & Operational
Healthcare Disputes
Healthcare Finance
Healthcare Fraud & Abuse
Healthcare Information Technology
Healthcare Joint Ventures & Syndications
Healthcare Mergers, Acquisitions & Dispositions
Healthcare Private Equity
Healthcare Real Estate
Insurance & Managed Care
Intellectual Property & Technology
Intellectual Property & Technology Transactions
Intellectual Property Litigation
International
International Trade
Labor & Employment
Litigation & Dispute Resolution
Managed Care Strategy & Disputes
Mergers & Acquisitions
Monitorships
Nonprofit Organizations
Patents
Privacy & Data Security
Private Equity
Procurement Fraud
Products Liability & Torts
Public Company Advisory
Public Finance
Real Estate & Construction
Real Estate Transactions
Regulatory & Administrative Proceedings
Securities & Shareholder Litigation
Shareholder Activism
Specialty Pharmacy & Pharmaceuticals
State & Local Tax
Tax
Trademarks
Utilities – Telecom, Energy & Water
Venture Capital



Professionals
Martha Allard
Rachael Andersen-Watts
Richard Arnholt
Taylor Ashley
Ryan Baker
Russell Baldwin
H. Lee Barfield II
Richard Barry
Jaime Barwig
Scott Bell
Gardner Bell
Philip Berg
Angela Bergman
Susan Bilbro
Lillian Blackshear
Derick Blakely
Michael Brady
Robert Brewer
Laura Brothers
Timothy Browne
Emily Burrows
Curtis Capeling
Dustin Carlton
Stefanie Carter
Meg Casey
James Cheek
Shu Chen
J. Taylor Chenery
Annie Christoff
Terry Clark
E. Steele Clayton
Shayne Clinton
Meredith Collins
Krista Cooper
Jennie Corley
David Cox
Joseph Crace
Lymari Cromwell
Matthew Curley
Neal Curtis
Michael Dagley
Douglas Dahl II
Alexandria Davenport
J. Page Davidson
John Dawson IV
Katie Day
Wallace Dietz
Brian Dobbs
Kevin Douglas
Felix Dowsley
Kristin Dunavant
John Eason
Robert Echols
Richard  Eiler
R. Todd Ervin
David Esquivel
Jeanne Marie Evans
Lindsey Fetzer
Curtis Fisher
D. Lee Flaherty
Lara Flatau
Ethan Flatt
Leslie Ford
Mary Beth Fortugno
Davidson French
John Fuller
Valere Fulwider
Louise Gaerig
Lauren Gaffney
Tim Garrett
Michael Gibson
Courtney Ginn
J. Andrew Goddard
John Golwen
James Gooch
Jamie Gordon
Meri Gordon
Thomas Gossett
B. Taylor Gray
B. Riney Green
Nathaniel Greene
John Greer
Denise Griffin
R. Dale Grimes
Alison Grippo
Anna Grizzle
Nick Grunenwald
Andrew Hard
David Harper
Brad Hart
Kaitlin Harvie
Michael Hess
Michael Hill
Michael Hill
S. Ryan Hoffman
Johnathan Holbrook
Michael Holley
D. Scott Holley
Robert Horton
L. Wearen Hughes
Angela Humphreys
Gene Humphreys
Ellen Hunter
Brian Irving
Brian Iverson
Mitchell James
Charles Jarboe
Stephen Jasper
J. James Jenkins
Paul Jennings
Michael Kapellas
John Kelly
Kris Kemp
William Kent
Joseph Kimmet
Shannon Kincaid
David King
Bryan King
Jay Knight
Eric Knox
Michael Kuffner
Howard Lamar III
Britt Latham
J. Brook Lathram
John Lawrence
William Lay
Christopher Lazarini
Robins Ledyard
Jason Lewallen
Philip Lewis
Vincent  Lillegard
J. Richard Lodge
Carin MacAllister
G. Mark Mamantov
Mark Manner
George Masterson
Richard Mattern
Thaddeus McBride
Robert McDaniel
Anthony McFarland
Scott McLeod
R. Davis Mello
Bryan Metcalf
Claire Miley
Russell Miller
Sarah Miller
Paige Mills
Amy Morgan
Lori Morgan
Karen Neal
Jonathan Nelson
Jennifer Noonan
Jason Northcutt
Jeffrey Oldham
Andrea Orr
J. Allen Overby
Todd Overman
William Ozier
Cheryl Palmeri
R. Gregory Parker
Janice Parmar
Juhi Patel
Tatjana Paterno
Michael Peek
Oliver Peglow
Frank Pellegrino
W. Brantley Phillips
Brenda Phillips
Mary Leigh Pirtle
Robert Platt
John Popham
Cynthia Reisz
Ryan Richards
Eli Richardson
Fritz Richter
J. Peter Ripley
Brian Roark
David Roberts
Todd Rolapp
Glenn Rose
Molly  Ruberg
Lucas Salyers
John Seehorn
Cynthia Sellers
Brittain Sexton
Molly Shasteen
D. Mark Sheets
Sehrish Siddiqui
Susan Sidwell
Brian Sims
Matthew Sinback
J. Paul  Singleton
Danielle Sloane
Katherine Smalley
Lucas Smith
David Smith
Blaine Smith
Michael Sontag
Richard Spore
Russell Stair
Amanda Stanley
Jonathan Stanley
Justin Starling
John Stemmler
Amy Sterling
Michael Stewart
Craig Stewart
Samuel Stumpf
Marc Tahiry
Julia Tamulis
James Tate
Shepherd Tate
T. Stephen Taylor
Shelley Thomas
Oscar Thomas
Ryan Thomas
G. Scott Thomas
Bob Thompson
Meredith Thompson
Overton Thompson III
David Thornton
Ashley Thurman
Nesrin Tift
Travis Tipton
Craig Turner
T. Gaillard Uhlhorn
Rodrigo Valle
Timothy  Van Hal
Kimberly Veirs
Erica Vick
Kurt Vincent
Julie Walker
F. Mitchell Walker
Kathryn Walker
Leigh Walton
Elizabeth Warren
Shannon Wiley
Brian Wilke
Price Wilson
Taylor Wirth
Talley Wood
Charles Wray
Jeffrey Yarbro
Virginia Yetter
Sylvia Yi
Jessalyn Zeigler

Search








Experience Spotlight
On December 1, 2016, Parker Hannifin Corporation and CLARCOR Inc. announced that the companies have entered into a definitive agreement under which Parker will acquire CLARCOR for approximately $4.3 billion in cash, including the assumption of net debt. The transaction has been unanimously approved by the board of directors of each company. Upon closing of the transaction, expected to be completed by or during the first quarter of Parker’s fiscal year 2018, CLARCOR will be combined with Parker’s Filtration Group to form a leading and diverse global filtration business. Bass, Berry & Sims has served CLARCOR as primary corporate and securities counsel for 10 years and served as lead counsel on this transaction. Read more here.











Close X




Thought Leadership

Enter your search terms in the relevant box(es) below to search for specific Thought Leadership.
To see a recent listing of Thought Leadership, click the blue Search button below.








Services
Alternative Dispute Resolution
Antitrust & Trade Practices
Bankruptcy & Restructuring
Banks & Financial Institutions
Broker-Dealer & Financial Products
Business Disputes
Capital Markets
Certificate of Need & CON Hearings
Compliance & Government Investigations
Construction Contracts & Litigation
Consumer Financial Services
Corporate & Securities
Corporate Governance
Corporate Tax
Cross-Border Transactions
Debt Financing Transactions
Digital Media, Content & Marketing
Economic Development & Corporate Relocation
Electronic Data & Technology
Employee Benefits
Environmental
Executive Compensation
Financial Services
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA)
Government Advocacy & Public Policy
Government Contractor Mergers & Acquisitions
Government Contracts
Health IT Software Vendor Issues
Healthcare
Healthcare Compliance & Administrative Proceedings
Healthcare Contracting, Regulatory & Operational
Healthcare Disputes
Healthcare Finance
Healthcare Fraud & Abuse
Healthcare Information Technology
Healthcare Joint Ventures & Syndications
Healthcare Mergers, Acquisitions & Dispositions
Healthcare Private Equity
Healthcare Real Estate
Insurance & Managed Care
Intellectual Property & Technology
Intellectual Property & Technology Transactions
Intellectual Property Litigation
International
International Trade
Labor & Employment
Litigation & Dispute Resolution
Managed Care Strategy & Disputes
Mergers & Acquisitions
Monitorships
Nonprofit Organizations
Patents
Privacy & Data Security
Private Equity
Procurement Fraud
Products Liability & Torts
Public Company Advisory
Public Finance
Real Estate & Construction
Real Estate Transactions
Regulatory & Administrative Proceedings
Securities & Shareholder Litigation
Shareholder Activism
Specialty Pharmacy & Pharmaceuticals
State & Local Tax
Tax
Trademarks
Trusts & Estates
Utilities – Telecom, Energy & Water
Venture Capital
 


Types
Publications
Events
Media Mentions



Professionals
Samar Ali
Martha Allard
Elaina  Al-Nimri
Richard Arnholt
Ryan Baker
Russell Baldwin
H. Lee Barfield II
Jaime Barwig
Scott Bell
Philip Berg
Angela Bergman
Susan Bilbro
Craig Bingham
Lillian Blackshear
Derick Blakely
Michael Brady
Robert Brewer
Emily Burrows
Dustin Carlton
Stefanie Carter
James Cheek
J. Taylor Chenery
Annie Christoff
Terry Clark
E. Steele Clayton
Shayne Clinton
Meredith Collins
Robert Cooper
Krista Cooper
Michael Cottone
David Cox
Joseph Crace
Lymari Cromwell
Matthew Curley
Neal Curtis
Michael Dagley
Douglas Dahl II
Alexandria Davenport
J. Page Davidson
John Dawson IV
Wallace Dietz
Brian Dobbs
Margaret  Dodson
Kevin Douglas
John Eason
Robert Echols
Richard  Eiler
R. Todd Ervin
David Esquivel
Jeanne Marie Evans
Lindsey Fetzer
Curtis Fisher
Lara Flatau
Mary Beth Fortugno
Davidson French
John Fuller
Lauren Gaffney
Tim Garrett
Jeff Gibson
Michael Gibson
Courtney Ginn
J. Andrew Goddard
John Golwen
James Gooch
Meri Gordon
Jamie Gordon
Thomas Gossett
B. Taylor Gray
B. Riney Green
R. Dale Grimes
Alison Grippo
Anna Grizzle
Robert Guth
Andrew Hard
Brad Hart
Kaitlin Harvie
Michael Hess
S. Ryan Hoffman
Johnathan Holbrook
D. Scott Holley
Michael Holley
Robert Horton
L. Wearen Hughes
Angela Humphreys
Kate Hunter
Ellen Hunter
Brian Irving
Brian Iverson
Mitchell James
Charles Jarboe
Stephen Jasper
J. James Jenkins
Paul Jennings
Michael Kapellas
John Kelly
Kris Kemp
Bryan King
David King
Jay Knight
Eric Knox
Howard Lamar III
Britt Latham
J. Brook Lathram
John Lawrence
William Lay
Christopher Lazarini
Robins Ledyard
Katherine  Linsey
J. Richard Lodge
G. Mark Mamantov
Mark Manner
George Masterson
Richard Mattern
Thaddeus McBride
Robert McDaniel
Anthony McFarland
Bryan Metcalf
Claire Miley
Russell Miller
Paige Mills
James Moneyhun
Lori Morgan
Amy Morgan
Karen Neal
Jonathan Nelson
Jason Northcutt
Jeffrey Oldham
Andrea Orr
J. Allen Overby
Todd Overman
William Ozier
Cheryl Palmeri
R. Gregory Parker
Juhi Patel
Tatjana Paterno
Oliver Peglow
Frank Pellegrino
W. Brantley Phillips
Mary Leigh Pirtle
Robert Platt
Kerry Price
Cynthia Reisz
Eli Richardson
Fritz Richter
Lisa Rivera
Brian Roark
David Roberts
Todd Rolapp
Glenn Rose
Molly  Ruberg
H. Shine Schattgen
John Seehorn
Cynthia Sellers
Brittain Sexton
D. Mark Sheets
Sehrish Siddiqui
Keith Simmons
Matthew Sinback
Danielle Sloane
Lucas Smith
Eleanor  Smith
David Smith
Blaine Smith
Michael Sontag
John Speer
Richard Spore
Russell Stair
Amanda Stanley
Justin Starling
John Stemmler
Amy Sterling
Michael Stewart
Julia Tamulis
Shepherd Tate
James Tate
T. Stephen Taylor
Ryan Thomas
G. Scott Thomas
Oscar Thomas
Shelley Thomas
Bob Thompson
Meredith Thompson
Overton Thompson III
David Thornton
Nesrin Tift
T. Gaillard Uhlhorn
Timothy  Van Hal
Kimberly Veirs
Erica Vick
Janelle Waack
Kathryn Walker
F. Mitchell Walker
Leigh Walton
Elizabeth Warren
Shannon Wiley
Talley Wood
Jeffrey Yarbro
Virginia Yetter
Sylvia Yi
Jessalyn Zeigler

Search







Thought Leadership Spotlight

A review of trends and developments in FCPA as well as a look ahead into what to expect for 2017. This report aims at providing corporate leaders and companies with the knowledge they need to comply with the FCPA and avoid litigation in 2017.
Read now









Acquisition and Financing for New Mountain Net Lease Corporation
Client Type:  
Private Company

We represented New Mountain Net Lease Corporation, a real estate investment trust (REIT) and affiliate of New Mountain Capital, in the acquisition and financing of six parcels of property located in Ontario, Canada; Fort Payne, Alabama; and Cleveland, Ohio. The properties are triple net leased to AP Plasman or its affiliates for use in its injection molding business. 
New Mountain Net Lease Corporation is an affiliate of New Mountain Capital, a $15 billion private equity fund based in New York City. 


You Also May Be Interested In:



$32 Million Purchase of the Meidinger Towers Office Building in Louisville
Represented real estate investment firm In-Rel Properties, Inc. in the $32 million purchase of the Meidinger Towers office building in Louisville, Kentucky
Client Type:  
Private Company


EB-5 Financing of Dallas Office Tower
Represented CMB Regional Centers in an EB-5 loan, structured as a mezzanine loan transaction, with Harwood International related to the construction and development of an office tower in Dallas
Client Type:  
Private Company


Westin Nashville Hotel Debt Refinancing
Represented Nashville Hospitality Group, LLC in a debt refinancing transaction for the Westin Nashville Hotel
Client Type:  
Private Company





















Related Professionals


John W. Dawson IV


Michael C. Gibson


Thomas Gossett


David W. Harper, Jr.


Brian R. Iverson


Related Services

Real Estate & Construction
Real Estate Transactions









Notice
Visiting, or interacting with, this website does not constitute an attorney-client relationship. Although we are always interested in hearing from visitors to our website, we cannot accept representation on a new matter from either existing clients or new clients until we know that we do not have a conflict of interest that would prevent us from doing so. Therefore, please do not send us any information about any new matter that may involve a potential legal representation until we have confirmed that a conflict of interest does not exist and we have expressly agreed in writing to the representation. Until there is such an agreement, we will not be deemed to have given you any advice, any information you send may not be deemed privileged and confidential, and we may be able to represent adverse parties. 
Accept
Decline






















 


New Mountain Finance' (NMFC) CEO Rob Hamwee on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»New Mountain Finance' (NMFC) CEO Rob Hamwee on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay. 9.17 | About: New Mountain (NMFC) New Mountain Finance Corp. (NYSE:NMFC)
Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call
May 9, 2017 10:00 AM ET
Executives
Rob Hamwee – Chief Executive Officer
Shiraz Kajee – Chief Financial Officer
Steve Klinsky – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer-New Mountain Capital
John Kline – President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts
Jonathan Bock – Wells Fargo Securities
Paul Johnson – KBW
Chris Kotowski – Oppenheimer
Operator
Good day and welcome to the New Mountain Finance Corporation’s First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded.
I would now like to turn the conference over to Rob Hamwee, CEO. Please go ahead.
Rob Hamwee
Thank you and good morning, everyone and welcome to New Mountain Finance Corporation’s first quarter earnings call for 2017. On the line with me here today are Steve Klinsky, Chairman of NMFC and CEO of New Mountain Capital; John Kline, President and COO of NMFC; Shiraz Kajee, CFO of NMFC.
Steve Klinsky is going to make some introductory remarks, but before he does, I’d like to ask Shiraz to make some important statements regarding today’s call.
Shiraz Kajee
Thanks, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Before we get into the presentation, I would like to advise everyone that today’s call and webcast are being recorded. Please note that they are the property of New Mountain Finance Corporation and that any unauthorized broadcast in any form is strictly prohibited. Information about the audio replay of this call is available in our May 8 earnings press release.
I would also like to call your attention to the customary Safe Harbor disclosure in our press release and on Page 2 of the slide presentation regarding forward-looking statements. Today’s conference call and webcast may include forward-looking statements and projections and we ask that you refer to our most recent filings with the SEC for important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements and projections. We do not undertake to update our forward-looking statements or projections unless required to by law.
To obtain copies of our latest SEC filings and to access the slide presentation that we will be referencing throughout this call, please visit our website at www.newmountainfinance.com.
At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Steve Klinsky, NMFCs Chairman, who will give some highlights beginning on Page 4 and 5 of the slide presentation. Steve?
Steve Klinsky
The team will go through the details in a moment, but let me start by presenting the highlights of another successful quarter for New Mountain Finance. New Mountain Finance’s adjusted net investment income for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, was $0.34 per share in the middle of our guidance of $0.33 to $0.35 per share and once again covering our quarterly dividend of $0.34 per share.
New Mountain Finance’s book value was $13.56 per share as compared to $13.46 per share last quarter, or $0.10 increase per share. We’re also able to announce our regular dividend for the current quarter, which will again be $0.34 per share and annualized yield in excess of 9% based on last Friday’s close.
The company had a very productive quarter of deal generation invest in $349 million in gross originations. Repayments in the quarter were $99 million. The significant increase in activity was partially funded by the $82 million equity offering, we completed in early April. I and other members of New Mountain continued to be very large owners of our stock with aggregate ownership of 8.7 million shares or approximately 13% of total shares outstanding.
In summary, we are pleased with NMFC’s continued performance and progress overall. With that, let me turn the call back over to Rob Hamwee, NMFC’s CEO.

Rob Hamwee
Thank you, Steve. Before diving into the details of the quarter as always I’d like to give everyone a brief review of NMFC and our strategy. As outlined on Page 6 of our presentation, NMFC is externally managed by New Mountain Capital, a leading private equity firm.
Since the inception of our debt investment program in 2008, we have taken New Mountain’s approach to private equity and applied it to corporate credit with a consistent focus on defensive growth business model and extensive fundamental research within industries that are already well known to New Mountain.
Or more simply put, we invest in recession resistant businesses that we really know and that we really like. We believe this approach results in a differentiated and sustainable model that allows us to generate attractive risk adjusted rates of return across changing cycles and market conditions. To achieve our mandate, we utilized the existing New Mountain investment team as our primary underwriting resource.
Turning to Page 7, you can see our total return performance from IPO in May 2011 through May 5, 2017. In the six years since our IPO, we have generated a compounded annual return to our initial public investors of 12.2%, meaningfully higher than our peers in the high yield index and well over 1000 basis points per annum above relevant risk free benchmarks.
Page 8 goes into a little more detail around relative performance against our peers that benchmarking against the ten largest externally managed BDCs that have been public at least as long as we have.
Page 9 shows return attribution. Total cumulative return continues to be largely driven by our cash dividend, which in turn has been more than 100% covered by NII. As the bar on the far right illustrates, over the six years we have been public, we have effectively maintained a stable book value, inclusive of special dividends, while generating 10.5% cash on cash return for our shareholders, fully supported by net investment income.
We are very happy to be able to deliver this performance over a period of time where risk free rates have been effectively zero and will strive to continue this performance. We attribute our success to one, our differentiated underwriting platform, two, our ability to consistently generate the vast majority of our NII from stable cash interest income, three, our focus on running the business with an efficient balance sheet and always fully utilizing inexpensive appropriately structured leverage before accessing more expensive equity, and four, our alignment of shareholder and management interests.
Our highest priority continues to be our focus on risk control and credit performance, which we believe over time, is the single biggest differentiator of total return in the BDC space.
If you refer to page 10, we once again layout the cost basis of our investments, both the current portfolio and our cumulative investments since the inception of our credit business in 2008 and then show what is migrated down the performance ladder. Since inception, we have made investments of over $4.6 billion in 198 portfolio companies, of which only 7 representing just $112 million of cost have migrated to non-accrual and only 4, representing $42 million of costs have thus far resulted in realized default losses.
This $42 million figure included our 27% realized loss in Transtar, which has now been fully incurred and the balance of the position monetized. Approximately 97% of our portfolio at fair market value is currently rated one or two on our internal scale.
Page 11 shows leverage multiple for all of our holdings above $7.5 million when we entered an investment and leverage levels for the same investment as of the end of the most recent reporting period. While not a perfect metric, the asset by asset trend in leverage multiple is a good snapshot of credit performance and helps provide some degree of empirical fundamental support for our internal ratings and marks.

As you can see by looking at the table, leverage multiples are roughly flat or trending in the right direction with only a few exceptions. Two loans that shown negative migration of 2.5 terms or more, one, which we have discussed for a number of quarter is Sierra Hamilton, where restructuring talks continue and underlying business trends are improving.
The second is a high quality business that have save to certain end market challenges and where we expect financial metrics to approve – to improve in coming quarters. The company has significant cash flow and liquidity and should have no issue servicing its debt for the foreseeable future.
The chart on Page 12 helps track the company’s overall economic performance since its IPO. At the top of the page, we show the regular quarterly dividend is being covered out of net investment income. As you can see, we continue to more than cover 100% of our cumulative regular dividend out of NII.
On the bottom of the page, we focus on below the line items. First, we look at realized gains and realized credit and other losses. As you can see looking at the row highlighted in green, we’ve had success generating real economic gains every year through a combination of equity gains, portfolio company dividends and trading profits.
Conversely, realized losses including default losses highlighted in orange have generally been smaller and less frequent and show that we are typically not avoiding non-accruals by selling poor credit at a material loss, prior to actual default. Despite our first significant realized loss since our IPO, we continue to have a net cumulative realized gain of $11 million highlighted in blue.
Looking further down the page, we can see that cumulative net unrealized appreciation highlighted in grey stands at $22 million and cumulative net realized and unrealized loss highlighted in yellow is at $11 million, an improvement of $7 million from last quarter.
I will now turn the call over to John Kline, NMFC’s President to discuss market conditions and portfolio activity. John?
John Kline
Thanks, Rob. As outlined on Page 13, the credit markets are stronger today than they have been since we went public in 2011. Spreads are uniformly tighter across all of the leverage finance asset classes in which we invest, including first lien, unit tranche, second lien, bonds, mezzanine and preferred. While pricing premiums for middle market assets still exist the spreads compared to the syndicated market have narrowed.
Leverage levels for the highest quality companies have not materially changed in recent quarters. However, more of lower quality companies are getting access to the highest levels of leverage, which makes credit selection extremely important. Investors are aware of this increased risk, but still view direct lending strategies as an attractive relative value compared to index credit and equities.
While banks are not active lenders in our market that do play a large role in the continued decline of CLO liability spreads, which are powerful driver of broader market loan pricing.
More than ever, we rely on the important for our disciplined focus on defensive growth industries and differentiate access to deal flow afforded to us by the broader New Mountain platform.
Turning to Page 14, NMFC continues to be well positioned in the event of future rate increases as 86% of our portfolio is invested in floating rate debt. Meanwhile, we have locked in 42% of our liabilities at fixed rates to ensure attractive borrowing costs over the medium-term.
Three months LIBOR has increased to 118 basis points, which is slightly above the average LIBOR floor on our floating rate assets. As the chart on the bottom of the page shows, given our investment portfolio and liability mix, NMFC is very strongly positioned in the event of an increase in short-term rates. Even a moderate increase in base rates of 100 basis points at $0.09 or 7% to our annual net investment income.

Moving on to portfolio activity as seen on Pages 15 and 16 consistent with the strong pipeline that we mentioned on the last call, we saw a robust new origination activity in Q1. Total originations were $349 million offset by $99 million of repayments and $35 million of sale proceeds, yielding net investment income of $215 million.
Our new originations were highlighted by HI Technology, AmWINS and CRGT. All three investments highlight the advantages of the NMC sourcing platform. HI Technology were sourced to our private equity teams relationship with the founder. AmWINS, the former NMC fund three portfolio company. And CRGT has been a long-term NMFC investment, where we have partnered with the company and the sponsor to steadily grow through acquisitions.
Since the end of the quarter, despite the very competitive deal environment we have continued our strong investment pace with $112 million of new investments offset by $110 million of sales and repayments. Based on our pipeline of both committed and anticipated deals, we expect to maintain our solid new investment momentum into the summer months.
Turning to Page 17, we show the breakout of investments by asset type. While our repayments were relatively consistent with our historical mix, our originations by asset type were impacted by our large preferred stock investment in HI Technology. Excluding this investment, our mix was consistent with our historical experience.
As shown on Page 18, in Q1 asset yields on new originations were a bright spot for us. NMFC had an average yield on new origination of 11.4%, which enabled us to maintain a portfolio yield inclusive of the impact of the forward curve in excess of 11%.
Going forward, given the competitive deal environment, we expect modest spread compression compared to our historical portfolio of spreads. However, we believe that any spread compression could be offset by rising base rates leaving nominal yields on our portfolio stable.
On the top of Page 19, we show a balanced portfolio across our defensive growth oriented sectors. In the services section of the pie chart, we now show a breakout of subsectors to give better insight into the diversity within our largest sector. On the bottom of the page, we continue to maintain our targeted mix between senior and subordinated investments, and on the lower right we show that the vast majority of our portfolio continues to perform at or above our expectations.
Finally, as illustrated on Page 20, we have a broadly diversified portfolio with our largest investment at 5.8% of fair value and the top 15 investments accounting for 42% of fair value.
With that, I will now turn it over to our CFO, Shiraz Kajee, to discuss the financial statements and key financial metrics. Shiraz?
Shiraz Kajee
Thank you, John. For more details on our financial results in today’s commentary, please refer to the Form 10-Q that was filed last evening with the SEC.
Now, I’d like to turn your attention to Slide 21. The portfolio had approximately $1.8 billion in investments at fair value at March 31, 2017 and total assets of $1.9 billion, with total liabilities at $934 million, of which total statutory debt outstanding was $745 million, excluding 122 million of drawn SBA-guaranteed debentures. Net asset value of $947 million or $13.56 per share was up $0.10 from the prior quarter. As of March 31, our statutory debt to equity ratio was 0.79 to 1.
On Slide 23, we show our historical leverage ratios, which are broadly consistent with our current target statutory leverage of between 0.7 and 0.8 to 1. Though, we finish the quarter to high-end of the range, the ratio has come back down to low end of the range with almost recent equity offerings. We also show our historical NAV adjusted for the cumulative impact of special dividends, which portrays a more accurate reflection of true economic value creation.

On Slide 23, we show our quarterly income statement results. We believe that our adjusted NII is the most appropriate measure of our quarterly performance. This slide highlights that while realized and unrealized gains and losses can be volatile below the line, we continue to generate stable net investment income above the line.
Focusing on the quarter ended March 31, 2017, we earned total investment income of approximately $43.3 million. This was slightly down from the prior quarter due to a decline in non-recurring fee income. On the expense side, interest and operating expense will modestly higher from prior quarter.
The cover shortfall in pre-incentive fee operating income, the investment and by the way the portion of its incentive fee. Also as in prior quarters, the investment advisor continues to waive certain management fees such that the effective annualized management fee is 1.4%. It’s important to note that the investment advisor cannot recoup previously waived.
This results in first quarter adjusted NII of $23.4 million or $0.34 per weighted average share, which in line with guidance and covers our Q1 regular dividend of $0.34 per share. In total, for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, we had an increase in net assets resulting from operations of $30.4 million.
Slide 24 demonstrates our total investment income is recurring in nature and predominantly paid in cash. As you can see, 95% of total investment income is recurring and cash income remained strong at 93% this quarter. We believe this consistency shows stability and predictability of our investment income. As mentioned earlier, you can see the decrease in investment income this quarter was driven by decline in non-recurring fee income.
Turning to Slide 25, our adjusted NII for the first quarter covered our Q1 dividend. We now believe that our Q2 2017 adjusted NII will fall within our guidance of $0.33 to $0.35 per share. Our board of directors has declared a Q2 2017 dividend of $0.34 per share, in line with the past 20 quarters. The Q2 2017 quarterly dividend of $0.34 per share will be paid on June 30, 2017 to holders of record on June 16, 2017.
Finally, on Slide 26, we highlight our various financing sources. Taken into account SBA-guaranteed debentures, we had a little over $1 billion of total borrowing capacity at quarter end with no near-term maturities. As a reminder, our Wells Fargo credit facility’s covenants are generally tied to the operating performance of the underlying businesses that we lend to, rather than the marks of our investment at any given time.
With that, I’d like to turn the call back over to Rob.
Rob Hamwee
Thanks, Shiraz. It continues to remain our intention to consistently pay the $0.34 per share on a quarterly basis for future quarters so long as the adjusted NII covers the dividend in line with our current expectations.
In closing, I would just like to say that we continue to be pleased with our performance to date. Most importantly, from a credit perspective, our overall portfolio continues to be healthy. Once again, we’d like to thank you for your support and interest. And at this point, turn things back to the operator to begin Q&A. Operator?
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Jonathan Bock of Wells Fargo Securities.
Jonathan Bock
Good morning, and thank you for taking my questions.
Rob Hamwee
Hey, Jonathan.
Jonathan Bock
Hey, Rob. So when we looking at the last equity raise sort of $81 million or so give or take. And then we look at kind of the math, when you include credit losses to effectively make that accretive from an NOI perspective, understanding that, you wouldn’t do anything that’s not accretive from NAV perspective. Looking at new investment yields, with first lien at 7, second lien at 9, help us in terms of how we bridge the gap to that effective cost. I know you talked about the potential for rate rising, et cetera. But what are some of the other plugs that you’re using to effectively raise net return on the portfolio to hit. What would be the effective cost of capital of that recent equity brought on balance sheet?

Rob Hamwee
Yes. Sure, sure Jonathan. So couple of things right, that there is, obviously, the rising rate environment, there is always the mix when you think of things that we’re doing when you look at what we did in Q1 with an 11%, which is meaningful in excess of our target range. We also have the second SBA license expected to come on board, they’ve mentioned before. Right, that’s not the fee, very accretive. So it’s really the combination of all those things that we’re not talking about dramatic swings right. We’ve been very, very consistent rate at which we’ve deployed the capital.
And so the other thing that’s really important as the private credit markets continue to evolve is our scale is increasingly allowing us to get access to lead positions in deals that the otherwise wouldn’t have happened, that scale is also generally accretive to the overall ability to source and execute on the – the deal that we want to do.
Jonathan Bock
And Rob, you’ve got about $30 million of additional capacity under the SBA. I think we’d be – maybe it wouldn’t be a thought that a lot of that could have been eased up pretty perhaps by now. And can you talked about the second license on – coming online here in the very near future. What are some of the limiting factor to effectively deploying that capital? Are you just finding not enough deals that necessarily fit the SBIC bucket? Or are you finding that it’s just a matter of audit, et cetera, sometimes that can slow the process down.
Rob Hamwee
Yes, I mean it’s a number of things. I mean, the important thing is we never do a deal to fill a bucket, right. We only do deals and businesses, we know well through the private equity platform, and then based on that knowledge we feel very, very good about their prospects. So we always resist the temptation to say, oh we have a more accretive bucket we can put something in let’s do a deal to put it in that bucket.
That being said, we did have, we basically finished the open capital with the Allegis deal that we did in late April, that you can see on Page 16, where we put the full $22.5 million allowance into the into the SBA entity. So we’re pretty ramp and we can get a repayment tomorrow who knows, but we don’t really have any room left there. So getting that second license will open up some meaningful incremental capabilities.
Jonathan Bock
And then just a small accounting question is – what was the reasoning behind the Net Lease Corp consolidation on the balance sheet this quarter.
Rob Hamwee
Shiraz, you want to…
Shiraz Kajee
Yes, talk about that. I mean, so we continuously review all of the consolidations every quarter, with our accountants to make sure we got the right approach to how we go about doing things. So looking at the ramp in the Net Lease, we’ve only done four deals to date. Those deals look to be slightly more passive in nature than active in terms of creating there’s an operating company and not consolidating. So we made a decision to consolidated at this point, but that could change in the future.
Jonathan Bock
So the commission logic that’s actually go back and forth. The next item is, would it be fair to say that you wouldn’t consolidate if you did not see additional growth in that vertical on a forward basis, right. Because the point was to get higher yielding returns and what you would be receiving which is why the reasoning was to keep it off balance sheet or am I missing something?
Rob Hamwee
Yes, we’re just to be clear Jonathan. This is purely a accounting non-substantive issue. Remember that the Net Lease entity invest down at individual SPV’s – lease resides in where we have non-recourse leverage. That leverage is not consolidated, whether we do or do not consolidate the REIT.
Jonathan Bock
Okay got it.

Rob Hamwee
There’s no impact on our leverage ratio, whether we consolidated the REIT or don’t consolidate the REIT. Because again, we’re leveraging the individual asset with non-recourse debt down at individual a leaf by leaf or property by property SPV’s.
Jonathan Bock
Got it. Okay, great. Thank you. Thank you for taking my questions.
Rob Hamwee
Yes. Great, thank you.
Operator
[Operator Instructions] The next question comes from the line of Paul Johnson of KBW. Please go ahead.
Rob Hamwee
Hi, Paul
Paul Johnson
Hi guys. Good morning, thanks for taking my question. My first question was in regards to the fee waiver approximately $1.8 million or so that you guys waived during the quarter. Was that something that’s totally voluntary and I guess, what was the motivation behind it and then some of that we would expect to see in the coming quarters as well if needed.
Rob Hamwee
Yes I mean – look Paul, yes, first of all clearly it’s totally voluntary, we’ve always say that covering our dividend out of NII is one of our absolute primary driver with the business that in avoiding losses of the really the two fundamental tenants of the business. So it’s a lever we have to prolonged, certainly not going to fit here and say that we’re committed to doing that every quarter, but we do have a long history as you know of shareholder friendly and – transparency. And that’s – it’s all part of that continuing. So I think we feel that the business is capable in the coming quarters of being in the $0.33 or $0.35 range.
But it’s certainly an option we do have if we were to have another shortfall down the road. And again remember, it’s really the core was fine and we had a little bit of volatility around the non-recurring, we had virtually no pre-payment income that quarter, which is – this quarter, which is obviously very volatile. So we’re talking about pretty small dollar, and it’s just another tool we have to make sure we’re delivering on what we sort of covenant to our shareholders.
Paul Johnson
Okay. And just to be clear I mean that was outside of the regular agreed upon a few waivers that you guys haven’t place, this is something that was done voluntarily by management.
Rob Hamwee
That is correct. That is incremental to the thing we’ve been doing since our IPO in terms of the senior assets that initially we’re in a different well facility, where we get more to return to leverage and they’re always had been charging on the leverage of that facility. And then as you recall we consolidated that facility and then have been waiving on those assets ever since.
So yes, we have the 1.75% sort of headline fee is really historically – consistently been about 1.4%, that’s on the base management fee and then this was a 100% voluntary waiver of some increment of the performance fee.
Paul Johnson
Okay, that’s great. Thanks. My other question headed to with your investment in HI Technology, roughly $100 million obviously a large investment. I just wondering if you guys can give a little color on kind of what attracted you to the company to make such a large investment and also a preferred equity investment versus what you’ve done more historically with the debt to senior debt positions you’ve taken.
Rob Hamwee
Yes, absolutely. I mean for this is something we’re really excited about I’m glad you brought it up. This is a transaction we’ve been working on for virtually a year on the private equity side. And something that we initially, it’s in one of our core spaces and we’ll identify the company as a real sort of niche market leader and we’re able to – it’s a founder owned and controlled, wealthy large, large business and the founder was really interested in working with us, because of some ability we had to the potentially help him with some customer acquisition.

And so as we went through the reps and did all the diligence on private equity and thought about different transaction structures, ultimately it didn’t fit into our classic control buy up mode just because the owner was not yet ready to make that move.
So, that kind of became more and more of a smaller for the fee fund, minority type investment where the founder was also very focused on dilution. We really kind of more fit into a great contractual return opportunity. And we still have – we have one our key partners on the board now, and so we still have a great strategic dialogue with the company.
But this is really I think show us the power of the platform to deliver in a tough credit environment to deliver differentiated very proprietary opportunities that are both attractively structured and attractively priced. And the other element was from our credit – with our credit heads on is very low leverage. I mean, we’re talking about a sub four times leverage through the preferred in an enterprise that is worth a double-digit TE multiple.
And then on top of that, we are always looking for opportunities to build book value through capital appreciation and in addition to being a contractual return type of security. It also has a convertibility feature to it, such that if the business does, some of the things we actually expected to do based on our private equity underwriting. There’s real upside from a capital gain perspective. So this is really one of the most compelling opportunity if we see and that’s drove our desire and willingness to do it in the scale we’ve done it.
Paul Johnson
Sure. Yes, thanks for. That’s really good color. I have two shorter questions, if that’s okay.
Rob Hamwee
Yes, of course.
Paul Johnson
About different stuff, one is just a smaller one, I just – as I kind of look at your interest income sort of year-over-year, it comes down from about $38 million to – I mean, they does get a little bit of dividend income in there as well $38 million to $36 million year-over-year. I mean, I know there’s a lot of originations in the quarter. Is that mostly because of the timing thing with the originations being falling took a later half of the quarter? Or what we see now a better run rate of kind of what interest incomes going to look like on the portfolio or to get dividing thing around that?
Rob Hamwee
Yes. It’s a combination yes, we were definitely skew towards late in the quarter from the origination side versus the repayment side was skewed earlier in the quarter. So there’s some of that, there’s also some mix there and when you think about the interest income and the dividend income, I mean those dividend numbers are also very – that’s effectively contractual, those are not sort of non-recurring dividends, right. Because you’re looking at the – and if you look you can see it better on Page 24, but we talk about kind of the cash interesting, you can see much greater stability there. And then you’ve always been allocating more capital for the SLP as we ramp up SLP II. And so there’s a mix issue right a bigger percentage of the balance sheet. So you really got to look at that recurring cash investment income line.
Paul Johnson
Sure
Rob Hamwee
On Page 24 I think see the more the more meaningful trend from an operating metrics perspective.
Paul Johnson
Sure. Okay, that makes sense. My last question is just about the Net Lease Corp, I guess just if you had any commentary on what your plans are for growth there if any – and then also just kind of a side question to that is if you guys planned on providing any more disclosure on that I guess in the future if you were to grow it more…
Rob Hamwee
Yes. I think in terms of our plans for the medium-term, it’s really just doing more of what we’ve been doing and again being disciplined and opportunistic and again not trying to fill up a bucket for the sake of filling up a bucket. We’re out in the marketplace and the Net Lease team here, which we added last year as you know, actively looking at new opportunities that are consistent with our criteria around risk and return, and when we find those opportunities will execute on them.

And when we don’t – we won’t, and so we don’t have we’re not slave to some non-objective growth target there. We will see where it goes and it does provide nice outlet for incremental kind of proprietary following the deal flow. And in terms of disclosure down the road, I feel like we’re giving pretty good disclosure I think if it were to get more material we could certainly talk about increasing the level of disclosure there but given the current materiality I think we feel pretty comfortable with what we’re laying out.
Paul Johnson
Okay. Can you guy’s remind me what you’re target leverage is within the Net Lease Corp?
Rob Hamwee
So again the assets are leveraged down at individual SPV so there is no actual leverage at the REIT itself. The individual assets tend to be levered at about 60% to 65% loan to value.
Paul Johnson
Okay. Okay, well thanks for taking my question. There’s a lot a help and take care.
Rob Hamwee
Yes I know happy to do it. Thanks for the question.
Operator
[Operator Instruction] The next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Rob Hamwee
Hey, Chris
Chris Kotowski
Yes. Hi, good morning. Just on the disclosure and on the Net Lease Corporation I’m looking at the 10-Q Page 17 and there you breakdown the individual investments and a couple questions on that. First, I mean I add up all the dividend income and divided by $27 million I get around an 11.5% yield. So the first question is that roughly what we should see going forward is that kind of a run rate?
Rob Hamwee
Yes that’s pretty – that is consistence you recall the Net Lease one of the things we like about it is there are escalators built in to leases unlike commercial loans and there is real duration there so these are 15 year plus or minus leases. So all that equal about numbers should actually trend up overtime the escalators are – they are 1.5% to 2% per year but that compounds on itself. But yes, you’re thinking about it correctly.
Chris Kotowski
Okay. And then secondly you said there were four deals I see five here?
Shiraz Kajee
One of the deals – was two components there was a U.S. piece and a Canadian piece of that.
Chris Kotowski
Okay.
Shiraz Kajee
But it’s the same company.
Chris Kotowski
Okay. And then in the future let’s say you want to do another $15 million of deals in the second quarter or third quarter whatever. Should we expect to see more in the – in your terms of your disclosure should we expect to see more capital flow into the $27 million equity that we saw at the start or will they just show up as individual investments.
Shiraz Kajee
So going forward they’ll show up as individual investments.
Chris Kotowski
Okay. And then finally just when we look at this like – if you look at the APP Canada you see $7.3 million that represents your equity commitment to that right?
Rob Hamwee
Yes, that’s the portion of the $27 million that we’ve down streamed for the REIT to the SPV.
Chris Kotowski
And then that $7.3 million is levered 60% to 65%
Rob Hamwee
Yes, it still represents roughly $20 million.
Chris Kotowski
Okay.
Rob Hamwee
Purchase of a building or a set of building.
Chris Kotowski
Bingo, got it. Thank you.
Rob Hamwee
Thanks.
Chris Kotowski
Okay. That’s it for me.
Rob Hamwee
Okay, thanks.
Operator
This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Rob Hamwee for any closing remarks.
Rob Hamwee
As always thank you everybody for their interest and attendance. And look forward to speaking to everybody in a few months.
Operator
The conference is now concluded. Thanks for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Conglomerates, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All NMFC TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Conglomerates Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Conglomerates StocksGeneral Electric: The End Is NearGE• Yesterday, 7:59 AM • David Alton Clark•92 CommentsDanaher In Some DoldrumsDHR• Yesterday, 7:30 AM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•5 CommentsGeneral Electric: New Boss And Lessons For New Boss From Bank Of America, Citigroup, And Morgan StanleyGE• Tue, Jul. 25, 11:34 AM • John M. Mason•11 CommentsUnited Technologies Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesUTX• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:15 AM • SA Transcripts•4 CommentsE. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DuPont) 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDD• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:14 AM • SA TranscriptsGeneral Electric Yields 3.76% At Its 52-Week LowGE• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:11 PM • Prescient Investment Analysis•35 CommentsGeneral Electric Is In A Big MessGE• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:56 PM • Josh Arnold•54 CommentsIs A Breakup Of General Electric Imminent?GE• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:01 PM • HiddenValueInvestor•30 CommentsGE: No Quick Fixes - Flannery Has A Lot On His PlateGE• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:14 AM • The Value Investor•9 CommentsA Bear On GE Outlines Reasons To Avoid This NameGE• Mon, Jul. 24, 9:10 AM • DoctoRx•57 CommentsGeneral Electric Q2 Earnings: Well Deserved DropGE• Mon, Jul. 24, 6:20 AM • General Expert•30 CommentsGE: A State Of FluxGE• Sun, Jul. 23, 3:27 AM • WG Investment Research•43 CommentsAdmit It, It Is About Time To Go Bottom-Fishing For General ElectricGE• Sun, Jul. 23, 12:04 AM • Achilles Research•121 CommentsGE: Opportunity RisingGE• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:01 PM • Out of Ignorance•73 CommentsGeneral Electric Plunges After EarningsGE• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:28 AM • Jonathan Weber•55 CommentsGeneral Electric (GE) To Sell Gene Technology Business Dharmacon To Horizon Discovery Group - SlideShowGE• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:58 PM • SA Transcripts•22 CommentsGE Reports Q2 Earnings Tomorrow As John Flannery Gets Ready To Take OverGE• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:29 PM • JJ Kinahan•9 CommentsTextron Could Be Set To ExplodeTXT• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:38 AM • Liu Jiao•4 CommentsTextron - Invest In Defense, Hedge Against UncertaintyTXT• Wed, Jul. 19, 6:31 PM • TickHounds•5 CommentsTextron Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTXT• Wed, Jul. 19, 12:03 PM • SA TranscriptsGeneral Electric Just Popped 3%. What's Up?GE• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:00 AM • David Alton Clark•53 CommentsTextron: Can This Stock Propel Itself To New Highs?TXT• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:32 PM • Taylor Dart•8 CommentsSAExploration Holdings: An Interesting SpeculationEditors' Pick • SAEX• Tue, Jul. 18, 10:54 AM • Amit Ghate•12 CommentsGeneral Electric: The Sky Is Not FallingGE• Mon, Jul. 17, 7:06 PM • Erik Kobayashi-Solomon•26 CommentsGeneral Electric Earnings PreviewGE• Mon, Jul. 17, 4:35 PM • Josh Arnold•22 CommentsGE And Others Invest In Desktop Metal $115 Million RoundGE• Mon, Jul. 17, 12:38 PM • Donovan Jones•12 CommentsGeneral Electric Q2 2017 Earnings Preview - Pay Close Attention To These 3 ThingsGE• Mon, Jul. 17, 11:31 AM • WG Investment Research•31 CommentsAngus Energy (AGSC) Investor Presentation - SlideshowAGSC• Thu, Jul. 13, 11:21 AM • SA TranscriptsNo Need To Bother With General ElectricGE• Wed, Jul. 12, 2:12 PM • Josh Arnold•55 CommentsGeneral Electric Continues To DropGE• Wed, Jul. 12, 8:20 AM • Jonathan Weber•21 CommentsGeneral Electric Just Bounced Off Rock BottomGE• Wed, Jul. 12, 7:30 AM • David Alton Clark•52 CommentsGeneral Electric: Buy On Weakness Post Baker Hughes MergerGE• Mon, Jul. 10, 10:59 AM • Orthodox Investor•32 CommentsWhy Not Grab General Electric Out Of The Bargain Bin?GE• Mon, Jul. 10, 8:02 AM • Achilles Research•45 CommentsGeneral Electric: The ResetGE• Fri, Jul. 7, 8:03 AM • WG Investment Research•97 CommentsGeneral Electric: Buy The Dip, It Will Not LastGE• Fri, Jul. 7, 8:00 AM • David Alton Clark•110 CommentsGE's Painful Interregnum - A Rare OpportunityGE• Thu, Jul. 6, 11:20 PM • Out of Ignorance•52 CommentsGeneral Electric Makes New LowsGE• Wed, Jul. 5, 3:08 PM • Josh Arnold•82 CommentsConsider This Before You Buy GEGE• Fri, Jun. 30, 10:19 AM • Parsimony Investment Research•39 CommentsWhy GE Could Plunge If Oil Prices Don't RecoverGE• Fri, Jun. 30, 8:24 AM • Skeptical12•94 CommentsGE: How About Some Asset Performance Management For ItselfGE• Wed, Jun. 28, 11:51 AM • Jay Wei•12 CommentsGeneral Electric: Short Interest Spikes 20%. What Gives?GE• Wed, Jun. 28, 8:00 AM • David Alton Clark•187 CommentsThe Long Case For NOW Inc.Editors' Pick • DNOW• Tue, Jun. 27, 4:00 PM • Ho Jun Yang•2 CommentsRolls Royce: Dividend Cuts Are Not All BadRYCEF, RYCEY• Tue, Jun. 27, 4:43 AM • Brian Barbour•2 CommentsGE - Challenges ContinueGE• Sat, Jun. 24, 9:51 PM • The Value Investor•40 CommentsUnited Technologies: Slow And Steady Growth Fuels Another Dividend IncreaseUTX• Fri, Jun. 23, 6:50 PM • Sure Dividend•11 CommentsPost-Immelt GE: Time To Get Back In?GE• Fri, Jun. 23, 9:54 AM • Nicholas Ward•83 CommentsGeneral Electric: It's Going To Get Worse Before It Gets Really BadGE• Fri, Jun. 23, 8:00 AM • David Alton Clark•65 CommentsSteel Partners Preferred: 8.2% YTMSPLP• Thu, Jun. 22, 9:12 PM • Brian Harper, CFA•23 CommentsGE - Transportation QueryGE• Thu, Jun. 22, 12:25 AM • Out of Ignorance•28 CommentsE. I. Du Pont De Nemours: Good Total Return For This Giant Chemical CompanyDD• Tue, Jun. 20, 9:31 AM • William Stamm•7 CommentsUnited Technologies Corporation (UTX) Investor Presentation - SlideshowUTX• Mon, Jun. 19, 1:21 PM • SA TranscriptsGeneral Electric: $31 Billion Hole That Keeps GrowingGE• Mon, Jun. 19, 9:35 AM • General Expert•84 CommentsGE: Imagination At Work - An Early CelebrationGE• Sun, Jun. 18, 8:04 AM • Jordan Ethington•28 CommentsGeneral Electric To Break Out Of Its Stagnant FunkGE• Fri, Jun. 16, 9:23 PM • David Zanoni•59 CommentsGE: The Importance Of TimingGE• Fri, Jun. 16, 5:54 PM • WG Investment Research•29 CommentsGeneral Electric Company (GE) Presents At Stifel Industrials Conference - SlideshowGE• Fri, Jun. 16, 1:40 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentJeff Immelt Has Left His Successor Better Off Than HimselfEditors' Pick • GE• Fri, Jun. 16, 12:19 PM • John M. Mason•31 CommentsWill GE Holds Its Recent Gain?GE• Fri, Jun. 16, 10:07 AM • Research & Investment•13 CommentsGeneral Electric: Show Me The Money... First FlanneryGE• Fri, Jun. 16, 8:01 AM • David Alton Clark•39 CommentsGeneral Electric: A New EraGE• Thu, Jun. 15, 5:58 PM • Activist Stocks•19 CommentsGE Aviation Acquires OC Robotics For On Wing Engine ServicingGE• Thu, Jun. 15, 12:47 PM • Donovan Jones•5 CommentsGeneral Electric (GE) Presents at William Blair Growth Stock ConferenceGE• Wed, Jun. 14, 5:35 PM • SA Transcripts•4 Comments4 Blue-Chip Stocks With Rotten Momentum And TechnicalsGE• Wed, Jun. 14, 3:27 PM • Paul Franke•5 CommentsHow Bad Was General Electric's Stock Performance Under Jeff Immelt?GE• Wed, Jun. 14, 12:29 PM • Eli Inkrot•77 CommentsGE Changes Leaders: 3 Key Issues For The StockGE• Wed, Jun. 14, 9:29 AM • DoctoRx•51 CommentsGeneral Electric: Is Progress Their Most Important Product?GE• Wed, Jun. 14, 5:32 AM • Dividend Sleuth•30 CommentsGE CEO Jeff Immelt Steps Down: What Dividend Investors Need To KnowGE• Tue, Jun. 13, 9:37 PM • Simply Safe Dividends•24 CommentsGeneral Electric: Beyond The Management ChangesGE• Tue, Jun. 13, 8:27 PM • Jeremy LaKosh•10 CommentsCan Flannery Turn Around GE?GE• Tue, Jun. 13, 5:13 PM • Searching For Value•12 CommentsJohn Flannery Replaces Jeffrey Immelt As CEOGE• Tue, Jun. 13, 2:07 PM • SA Transcripts•9 CommentsA New Day At GE - A Rangeley Capital DiscussionEditors' Pick • GE• Tue, Jun. 13, 12:11 PM • Chris DeMuth Jr.•1 CommentWas Immelt A Better CEO For GE Than Welch?GE• Tue, Jun. 13, 8:26 AM • Erik Kobayashi-Solomon•36 CommentsGeneral Electric: The One Thing That Actually Changed On June 12, 2017GE• Tue, Jun. 13, 6:05 AM • WG Investment Research•15 CommentsGeneral Electric - Change Is In The AirGE• Mon, Jun. 12, 1:44 PM • William Sabin•22 CommentsGeneral Electric Should Use Immelt's Departure To Break Up CompanyGE• Mon, Jun. 12, 1:16 PM • HiddenValueInvestor•63 Comments123456...38Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Tower International's (TOWR) CEO James Gouin on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TOWR•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  2:59 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




XL Group (XL) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


XL•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  2:39 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Calfrac Well's (CFWFF) CEO Fernando Aguilar on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CFWFF•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  2:34 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




GlaxoSmithKline's (GSK) CEO Emma Walmsley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GSK•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  2:32 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




SK Telecom Co's (SKM) Management on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SKM•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  2:02 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Telefonica Brasil's (VIV) CEO Eduardo Navarro on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VIV•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  1:22 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




ServiceNow (NOW) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NOW•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 12:59 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Hub Group (HUBG) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HUBG•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 12:07 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Merit Medical Systems' (MMSI) CEO Fred Lampropoulos on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MMSI•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Legg Mason (LM) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LM•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:49 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Discover Financial Services (DFS) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DFS•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Nutrisystem's (NTRI) CEO Dawn Zier on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NTRI•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton's (LVMHF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LVMHF•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Knowles (KN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KN•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Edwards Lifesciences (EW) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EW•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:37 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Tractor Supply (TSCO) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TSCO•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:21 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Buffalo Wild Wings (BWLD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BWLD•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




LG Display's (LPL) on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LPL•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:14 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




On Assignment (ASGN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASGN•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Xilinx (XLNX) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


XLNX•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 11:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




PayPal's (PYPL) CEO Dan Schulman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PYPL•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



IMAX (IMAX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IMAX•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Allegiant Travel (ALGT) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ALGT•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Quidel Corporation's (QDEL) CEO Doug Bryant on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


QDEL•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:48 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Digimarc's (DMRC) CEO Bruce Davis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DMRC•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Transcat's (TRNS) CEO Lee Rudow on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TRNS•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:32 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Limelight Networks' (LLNW) CEO Bob Lento on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LLNW•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:32 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Vertex Pharmaceuticals (VRTX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VRTX•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:29 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Lam Research (LRCX) Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LRCX•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:21 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Knight Transportation (KNX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KNX•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 10:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4442Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















1031property












































Copyright © 2016 1031property.com  All rights reserved.




Privacy Policy










FREE Triple Net Property List




1031 NNN Properties For Sale







Request NNN Properties List



Enter your details below and one of our representatives will contact you.






*Required Fields







Your Name *


Your Email *


Phone Number *


Role *Select RoleInvestorCPAAttorneyFinancial AdvisorReal Estate Broker - Representing ClientsReal Estate Broker - Personal InvestmentsOther


Investment Status *Select StatusConsidering a SaleProperty ListedUnder ContractIn 45 Day Property ID PeriodCash InvestmentResearching 1031 ExchangesResearching NNN Lease Opportunities


Equity *Select Equity< $100,000$100,000 - $250,000$250,001 - $500,000$500,001 - $1,000,000$1,000,001 - $2,000,000$2,000,001 - $5,000,000$5,000,001 + 




>> Get Your NNN List Now <<





Our Process is




SIMPLE....








1







2







3





Complete One Easy Form


Receive Triple Net Properties List


Buy the Property That's Best For You!








NNN are Ideal for 1031 Exchanges


Freedom from Property Management


Credit Tenants with Long Term Leases


Receive Increased Cash Flow


Institutional Quality Real Estate


NNN Properties Available Nationwide


Exclusive Off-Market NNN Properties


Find Properties in 45 Days


Select Flexible Investment Sizes


Investments as Low as $100,0000





Benefits of 1031 & NNN Properties

























As Seen In




Need Help?  Call Now: 


1-888-395-0046




Privacy Policy










 Get 1031 List




 Get 1031 List




 Get 1031 List




Call 1-888-395-0046 Now For Your NNN List




What is a Triple Net Lease?


The terms “Triple Net Lease”, Triple Net Leased “Triple-Net,” “NNN,” “Net Lease,” “Net-Net- Net” are
interchangeable. The definition of a Triple Net Lease (NNN) requires the tenant to pay all insurance, maintenance,
and taxes. The tenant is responsible for all normal expenses of ownership, leaving the owner free of day-to- day
management responsibility.


Most commercial property NNN leases are often between 10-25 years and include cost-of- living rent increases.
Rental payment continues for the full term of a NNN lease. This makes the credit rating of the tenant very important.




 Get 1031 List




NNN-1031 Investment Advantages


Here are a few benefits of an investment grade (defined as having a BBB- or better credit rating by at least one of the rating agencies) triple NNN investment property:


	
	1. Net leased properties can relieve owners from day-to- day management issues.

	2. Steady income-stream potential paid by an investment grade corporate tenant.

	3. A long-term lease to a corporate tenant with credit rating makes it easier to get a mortgage loan at favorable rates.

	4. NNN properties may have high residual values because they are most often built for retailers who have researched the market to find high density, middle income areas with attractive traffic patterns.




 Get 1031 List




Why Triple-Net- Leases should align tenant and landlord interest.


Many regional and national companies choose to lease their business property. Leasing the property gives the
occupying companies the ability to control their physical environment without the financial commitment of
ownership. By leasing the property, companies free up their corporate funds for business expansion and
improvement. A Triple-Net lease gives the companies control over the property they occupy without the capital
commitment of ownership.


Most commercial property NNN leases are often between 10-25 years and include cost-of- living rent increases.
Rental payment continues for the full term of a NNN lease. This makes the credit rating of the tenant very important.




1031 Exchange NNN-DST Properties


Some Triple Net investment properties are available as a Tenancy in Common (DST) interest.  NNN-DST properties
can be single-tenant, industrial, or retail properties with long-term leases to corporate tenants, however it is not
uncommon to find Triple Net Lease, NNN investment multi-tenant office property.

A potential investor could perhaps exchange into a DST 1031 exchange triple net property that requires little day-to-
day involvement by the investor. These undivided fractional interests provide an alternative to sole ownership of real
estate by allowing taxpayers to purchase interests in larger, commercial quality properties that are professionally
managed.




Sole Ownership NNN vs. Delaware Statutory Trusts (DST)


Since the mid-1990s, 1031 exchange investors have reinvested their equity into Triple Net Lease (NNN) investment properties structured as Tenancy-in- Common (DST). If you are an accredited and pre-qualified investor searching for a Triple Net Lease (NNN) property you may consider the following potential advantages of investing in a Triple Net Lease (NNN) property owned Delaware Statutory Trusts: (see 1031 Tenant in Common Pitfalls)


1. Selection of qualified 1031 exchange (DST) Triple Net Lease (NNN) properties. A limited variety of Tenancy-in- Common (DST) Triple Net Lease (NNN) properties usually exist for sale in different asset classes and geographical locations.

	2. Diversification. There is always risk, but net proceeds may be split among several (DST) Triple Net Lease (NNN) properties and thus invested in several different markets and asset classes, depending on an exchangers equity/debt requirements and the limited number of DST properties available during the Exchangers identification period.

	3. Locating Delaware Statutory Trusts (DST) Triple Net Lease (NNN) replacement properties. A real estate company typically locates the DST 1031 exchange NNN property, conducts it’s own due diligence research, arranges for the financing, manages the acquisition of the new investment property, sets up the Delaware Statutory Trusts (DST) program, and provides the new owners with a management contract with a property management company (affiliated often) to manage the property on a day to day basis.

	4. The exchanger can potentially invest in higher -quality Triple Net Lease (NNN) institutional properties than if you were to invest as an individual.

	Large institutional properties could potentially benefit by having access to more competitive lenders, institutional buyers, and a stronger, more stable tenants base.

	5. The exchanger may benefit from non-recourse debt.

	Investors assume institutional grade, pre-arranged, non-recourse (no personal guarantee) financing. DST-1031 properties are sometimes available that have no debt, or up to a range of 75% leverage. (Note there are usually certain carve out provisions wherein DST owners could be personally liable.

	6. Exchangers may often match or exceed your exchange equity/debt requirements.

	Delaware Statutory Trusts (DST) investments offer Triple Net Lease (NNN) investment opportunities ranging from as little as 100K equity up to several million dollars.




Triple Net Lease & DST Master Lease


MASTER LEASE STRUCTURE IN DST SECTION 1031 REPLACEMENT PROPERTY PROGRAMS


1031 Sponsors may offer Delaware Statutory Trusts properties on a Triple Net Master Lease structure to 1031 exchange investors with a Master Lease in place.	
	


WHAT IS A Triple Net (NNN) MASTER LEASE?


In a Master Lease structure, a single entity leases the entire property from the owners in return for a stipulated rent. The owners of the property only have one tenant per the master lease, the “Master Lessee.” The Master Lessee is responsible for the management, maintenance, repairs, leasing, taxes, assessments, and insurance. Most commonly referred to as a “triple net” lease, the structure requires that the owners of the property receive their rent completely and on time from the Master Lessee.	
	




 Get 1031 List




Call 1-888-395-0046 Now For NNN List





















































Fix the following errors:Hide










The requested URL was not found on this server.The requested URL was not found on this server.The requested URL was not found on this server.




        Top-Rated NNN Properties for Sale | Triple Net Investments        














































































Top-Rated NNN Properties for Sale
Invest in Triple Net Properties Quickly and Confidently




Access our exclusive PROPERTY VAULT® for free!

Find and compare top-rated NNN triple net lease investment properties nationwide
Get instant emails with expert-selected properties that match your investment criteria, including off-market properties
Quickly and efficiently complete your investment real estate acquisition







Get Instant Access to Expert-Rated NNN Properties for Sale

OR



CALL NOW

877-486-1031
(Toll Free)
 Trusted National Real Estate Experts Since 1972
OR


Submit the Form Below














Best Contact TimeMorningAfternoonEveningAny time


RoleInvestorCPA/AttorneyBrokerOther
StatusLooking for Non 1031 PropertyProperty for SaleProperty Under ContractIn 45 Day ID PeriodNeed 1033 Replacement Property
Cash$50,000 to $99,000$100,000 to $249,000$250,000 to $499,000$500,000 to $749,000$750,000 to $999,000$1,000,000 to $3,000,000$3,000,000 to $5,000,000$5,000,000 to $10,000,000$10,000,000 to $20,000,000$20,000,000 plus





Trustpilot




Trustpilot




 We hate SPAM and promise to keep your email address safe. Privacy Policy













Trustpilot










Find Top-Rated Net Lease Properties Nationwide

We review and rate hundreds of net lease NN and NNN real estate investment properties every week. True triple net lease properties have no landlord responsibility while double net lease properties have limited landlord responsibility (commonly roof and structure). Once properties are Rated they are matched to investors needs and a notice is emailed and/or optionally texted to the investors. The investor then can login to their Property Vault for full details and easily compare with other rated investment properties.
All our net lease real estate properties are eligible for 1031 and 1033 exchanges. If you’re doing an exchange now, we’ll work to ensure that you meet your 45-day new property ID period providing you with the best net lease property plus one or more of our innovative Plan B backup plans to assure your exchange does not fail.
To round out exchanges and to provide greater diversification we also have fractional ownership through TIC investment properties (Tenants In Common) for as little as $150,000.






BEST SOURCE
FOR NET LEASE
PROPERTIES


Unique PROPERTY VAULT® to find NNN
properties
NATIONWIDE











Example Properties for Sale



Advance Auto Parts
Chase Bank
Walmart
IHOP
CVS Pharmacy
7-ELEVEN
Family Dollar
Fresenius Seamless Care
Walgreens
McDonalds
Chick-fil-A
Starbucks Coffee
FedEx
Sherwin Williams
AT&T

& many more






How Does the PROPERTY VAULT® Work?




Step 1

Register for free access to the NNN Property Vault




Step 2

We match your needs to our national inventory of NNN rated properties

Browse and compare matching properties using the Property Vault analytic tools
Receive emails when a new property is added to your Property Vault





Step 3

We help you make a final property selection and handle all the closing details

Our team of brokerage, lender, escrow, title, legal and accounting resources is at your disposal
We take care of the offer, negotiation, escrow and debt arrangement for you.












The Value of Property Ratings

The Property Vault® rating system quantifies key drivers to value to quickly identify and match the best properties to investor’s unique needs. Hundreds of properties are rated each week to identify both their short and long term strengths and weaknesses. Ratings are based in-depth analysis of stability of cash flows, potential appreciation, demographic trends, supply & demand studies, local economic conditions, traffic patterns, tenant credit, lease terms, pricing, cap rate, nature of improvements and other key value drivers.
The ratings and property characteristics are then matched to each investor’s risk tolerance and objectives and needs. Email and text message notices are automatically sent to investors giving them the ability to quickly respond to their desired property match. Objective analytic reports and data are supplied for all rated properties. Key drivers to value can be easily compared using the Property Vault® “Compare Favorites” feature to assist investors in making their final investment decision.



“I found properties I could never have found on my own.”
~ Ali S, CPA, Los Angeles California
“Easily saved me 90% of the time the process used to take me.”
~ Steve P, Investor, Dallas Texas
“The objective number-driven analytics took the “sales” part out of the equation, leaving me with a property I understood and was comfortable with. No high pressure sales, just the facts. I love it!”
~ Mike H, Investor, Scottsdale Arizona








Client Case Study



Recently I decided to it was time to sell three manufactured housing communities that I owned for a number of years. I was tired of dealing with tenants, the constant upkeep and repair and did not feel positive about the direction of the industry as a whole. In order to avoid paying over 3/4 of a million dollars in capital gains, my accountant advised me to do a 1031 exchange.
TM 1031 Exchange was recommended to me by my broker at Clear Point Financial. They located all three of the replacement properties (Verizon Wireless, Jiffy Lube, and a 14,000 sq. ft. medical office building.
I feel these properties are far superior investments than anything I could find on my own. The Property Vault was a tremendous help in sorting out and comparing properties and investment potential. TM 1031 negotiated the purchase with the sellers, arranged for the Facilitator, assisted with obtaining the needed loans and the due diligence. They were able to put me in touch with very competent legal counsel who were critical in closing the transactions in each geographic location where the properties are located.
Because I had to sell my properties and close properties in three different states while staying in compliance with the strict IRS regulations and timelines in regards to exchanges, this was not a simple transaction. TM 1031 made the whole process as smooth as possible and I would highly recommend them to other investors.
Dennis Daly
Olympia, Washington






Why Use TM 1031 Exchange to Purchase Your NNN Lease Property?




Large National Inventory of NNN Properties for Sale
Exclusive PROPERTY VAULT®, instant email/text notifications
Access to Off-Market Properties




Expert Assistance from Buyer’s Brokers, Lawyers & CPAs
Objective Property Vault Ratings/Matching
Easily View/Compare Investment Details








Get Instant Access to Expert-Rated NNN Properties for Sale

OR



CALL NOW

877-486-1031
(Toll Free)
 Trusted National Real Estate Experts Since 1972
OR


Submit the Form Below














Best Contact TimeMorningAfternoonEveningAny time


RoleInvestorCPA/AttorneyBrokerOther
StatusLooking for Non 1031 PropertyProperty for SaleProperty Under ContractIn 45 Day ID PeriodNeed 1033 Replacement Property
Cash$50,000 to $99,000$100,000 to $249,000$250,000 to $499,000$500,000 to $749,000$750,000 to $999,000$1,000,000 to $3,000,000$3,000,000 to $5,000,000$5,000,000 to $10,000,000$10,000,000 to $20,000,000$20,000,000 plus





Trustpilot




Trustpilot




 We hate SPAM and promise to keep your email address safe. Privacy Policy










Have an NNN property that you want to sell? Send us an email and we’ll be happy to help.



	
	﻿                        




















NNN Properties | Net Lease Specialist | Free 1031 Exchange




















1031/1033Exchanges

1031 Exchange
1033 Exchange


FractionalProperties
NNN Properties
Investors
Owner/Developer
PartnerProgram
Resources

Investor Needs
IRS Regulations
IRS Publications and Forms
Due Diligence
Resources
Glossary of Terms
FAQs
Industry Links
Industry Articles
1031 Tool Kit
Suggested Books
Tenant Credit Ratings


About Us

About Us
Our Approach
Tim Marshall, Founder, President and CEO



















NNN PROPERTIES
	 








   NNN PROPERTIES
Tenant Credit Ratings



What are NNN Properties?
NNN Properties are typically free standing buildings that are leased to tenants for a 10 to 25 year term.  NNN Properties offer the benefit of little or no management responsibilities as the tenant pays for all, if not most of the expenses. The investor receives their rent with little to no other involvement.
Tenants in NNN Properties are divided by both quality and type of businesses they are in.  Qualitatively NNN Properties have either credit or non credit tenants.  The most desirable (least risk) NNN Properties have investment grade (rated BBB- and better) credit tenants.

Non credit tenant NNN Properties have tenants that are not credit rated.  These tenants frequently are regional or local businesses or companies that are unrated.  Some tenants are considered credit worthy yet are unrated because they carry no debt on their books.  Click Tenant Ratings for list of tenants for NNN Properties.
Who Buys NNN Properties?
NNN Properties are appealing to those who wish to have outright ownership of their commercial real estate investments and have little to no management responsibility.  The alternative ways of owning non management commercial real estate would be to own a security in the form of a mutual fund or REIT or invest in fractional ownership Tenant in Common properties.

A major advantage of 100% direct ownership is control and the ability to defer future capital gains by doing a 1031 exchange when the property is sold.  For many investors the lack of immediate liquidity inherent in NNN Properties is offset by the lack of volatility NNN Properties offer when compared to a securitized investment.   Investors should carefully consider their need for liquidity when considering investing in NNN Properties.
How are NNN Properties Valued?
NNN Properties typically are valued using their Capitalization Rate also referred to as Cap Rate. NNN Properties cap rates reflects the value of a stream of economic benefits discounted for time and risk. Generally this is computed as a pretax cap rate using the Net Operating Income (NOI) for NNN Properties.

NOI is income less all expenses before debt service. The Cap Rate is the NOI divided by the purchase price for NNN Properties. Conversely the NOI divided by the Cap Rate will equal the purchase or selling price.
Example of Cap Rates for NNN Properties:
NOI = $100,000/10%=$1,000,000 Purchase or Selling Price
NOI = $100,000/$1,000,000=10% Cap Rate
How are Cap Rates Determined for NNN Properties?
Some of the major considerations when calculating Cap Rates for NNN Properties are:

 The credit worthiness of the tenant.
 The length of the lease, typically 10 to 25 years.
 The type of lease, triple net (NNN) or double net (NN). See below for definition.
 Type and frequency of bumps or increases if any in rent.
 Cost of financing
 Strength of the demographics of the property location
 Nature of the improvements. Are the improvements easily converted for another tenant or are they special purpose that would require significant expense and time to convert before re tenanting?
 Age and condition of the improvements
The more positive the above factors for NNN Properties, the lower the Cap Rate or the higher the value of the property related to its income stream. Conversely if the above factors for NNN Properties are weak the Cap Rate will be higher and the resulting value will be lower reflecting the greater risk of the investment.

It is important to remember that markets are not perfect and low Cap Rate NNN Properties are  not necessary a lower risk investment, they could simply be a bad investment that is over priced.  Astute investors seek NNN Properties that are mispriced in their favor, namely a higher Cap Rate for a property that has lower risk factors.
What is Build-to-Suit?
In a build-to-suit the landlord builds the improvements for the tenant and the tenant leases them back typically on a Net Lease.  The Net Lease rent payable by the tenant is a function of the construction and financing costs of the project.  This arrangement allows the tenant to move in and occupy the property with zero initial cost.

The Net Lease rent is fully deductible over the lease term, making the tenant's after-tax cost less than with alternative forms of asset-based financing.
What is a Ground Lease?
A ground lease is a method for separating ownership of the improvements (building) from the ownership of the underlying fee (ground). Typically ground leases are long term Net Leases where the tenant pays all expenses except debt service.
  Any financing for the improvements are paid for by the tenant.  In some cases the ground lease is subordinated to the debt on the improvements.

On unsubordinated ground lease, no lien is placed against the fee simple title to the land. Instead, the leasehold estate is the primary security for any debt on the improvements.  There is no depreciation with the ownership of a ground lease.
Many investors favor ground leases because they don't need to use their own funds to build the improvements yet end up owning the improvements on termination of the lease.  When the Net Lease ends the improvements revert to the owner of the ground lease the owner benefits from the full rent for both the land and the improvements.
Tenants like ground leases because they reduce the tenant's cost of development by eliminating land acquisition costs.  A long term Net Lease provides predictable rent payments that are deductible by the tenant for federal and state income tax purposes.
Typically ground leases are long term Net Leases and include set rent escalations, foreclosure rights and reversionary right (improvements revert to owner of ground lease at termination of the lease).
What is a Sale Leaseback?
A Real estate sale leaseback is when a business sells its commercial property for current market value and then leases it back typically using a Net Lease.  The seller retains the use of their real estate and frees up capital which can be used to invest back into the business.  
Real estate sale leasebacks are popular because they generate capital for immediate use within the business.

A long term Net Lease on a sale leaseback create a predictable rent that is deductible for federal and state income tax purposes Some businesses do sale and leaseback transactions for equipment as well.
Types Net Leases
NNN Properties are generally categorized as either true triple net (NNN) or double net (NN).  The distinction between NNN and NN leases is an important one as can be seen in the following definitions.
Absolute Triple Net (NNN)
The tenant pays operating expenses such as maintenance, repairs, taxes and replacement for the entire property, without limitation. The owners pay the mortgage only. This is the type of lease that most investors expect when purchasing NNN Properties.
Bond Lease (NNN)
A bond lease is a slight variation on the true triple NNN lease because the tenant is required to absolutely comply with their rent and operating expense obligations regardless of extenuating circumstances affecting the property (i.e. Even if the property is under eminent domain proceedings).  
Double Net Lease  (NN)
Similar to NNN leases but with additional owner responsibilities. The owner is generally liable for the structural components of the building such as the roof, foundation, load-bearing walls and parking.  Leases will vary so they should be carefully read.
Net Lease Alternative
For investors considering NNN Properties but who would like to invest less capital (cash) and still have little to no management responsibilities Fractional Ownership can be a good option to consider.
Advantages of Fractional Properties are the lower minimum investment (starting at $100,000), greater diversification, prepackaged financing (if any) and due diligence material.  Unlike a stock, or bond Fractional Ownership can qualify for 1031 and 1033 exchanges providing they follow IRS guidelines.
CLICK HERE for more information on Fractional Ownership

Get More Information   
See Property Listings

For immediate assistance call 877 486 1031 or 310 264 0497. 




FEATURED PROPERTIES









Home: TM 1031 Exchange     
1031 Exchanges     
Fractional Properties     
NNN Properties     
1031 Investors     
Owner/Developer     
Partner Programs
Resources     
About Us     
Contact Us    
Property Listings     
1031 Exchange Content     
Site Map     
Privacy Policy



This site contains our latest survey of rated properties.Information obtained from sources deemed reliable but not guaranteed.
  TM 1031 Exchange Inc. does not provide legal or tax advice. Investors should conduct their own independent investigations and rely only on those results.
  Before making any investment decision consult with appropriate professionals.
Copyright © 2016, TM 1031 Exchange Inc.









Contact TM 1031 Exchange














1031/1033Exchanges

1031 Exchange
1033 Exchange


FractionalProperties
NNN Properties
Investors
Owner/Developer
PartnerProgram
Resources

Investor Needs
IRS Regulations
IRS Publications and Forms
Due Diligence
Resources
Glossary of Terms
FAQs
Industry Links
Industry Articles
1031 Tool Kit
Suggested Books
Tenant Credit Ratings


About Us

About Us
Our Approach
Tim Marshall, Founder, President and CEO














PLEASE CONTACT ME
	 







Property Vault Registration












To expedite registration call 1 877 486 1031 or fill in form below to start process.


Name:  *


Email:  *


Telephone:  *


Best Time to Reach You? 
Morning
Afternoon
Evening

Your Role?
    
-- Select One --
Experienced Investor
Institutional Investor
Investor Group
First Time Investor
Developer
CPA/Attorney as Investor
CPA/Attorney with Client
Agent/Broker with Client
Agent/Broker as Investor
Other

Equity to Invest?
    
-- Select One --
$50,000 to $99,000
$100,000 to $249,000
$250,000 to $499,000
$500,000 to $749,000
$750,000 to $999,000
$1,000,000 to $3,000,000
$3,000,000 to $5,000,000
$5,000,000 to $10,000,000
$10,000,000 to $20,000,000
$20,000,000 plus

Status?
    
-- Select One --
Looking for Non 1031 Property
Property for Sale
Property Under Contract
In 45 Day ID Period
Need 1033 Replacement Property
Other

* Indicates a Required Field     
No Spam Privacy Policy

  

Property type of interest:


 Single Tenant Net Lease
 Multi-Tenant
 Office
 Multi Family
 Retail
 Mixed Use
 Industrial
 Student Housing


 Assisted Living
 Hospitality
 Educational Care
 Restaurant
 Other


Are you interested in
Fractional Investments ($100,000 Minimum)?     Yes  No
Email Free Articles on following topics:
     1031 Exchange Strategies      1031 Tool Kit
     Real Estate Investment Strategies
     Pluses and Minus of Fractional Ownership
     Investing in Net Lease Properties
Details about your Situation and Needs:










Home: TM 1031 Exchange     
1031 Exchanges     
Fractional Properties     
NNN Properties     
1031 Investors     
Owner/Developer     
Partner Programs
Resources     
About Us     
Contact Us    
Property Listings     
1031 Exchange Content     
Site Map     
Privacy Policy



This site contains our latest survey of rated properties.Information obtained from sources deemed reliable but not guaranteed.
  TM 1031 Exchange Inc. does not provide legal or tax advice. Investors should conduct their own independent investigations and rely only on those results.
  Before making any investment decision consult with appropriate professionals.
Copyright © 2016, TM 1031 Exchange Inc.










About TM 1031 Exchange




















1031/1033Exchanges

1031 Exchange
1033 Exchange


FractionalProperties
NNN Properties
Investors
Owner/Developer
PartnerProgram
Resources

Investor Needs
IRS Regulations
IRS Publications and Forms
Due Diligence
Resources
Glossary of Terms
FAQs
Industry Links
Industry Articles
1031 Tool Kit
Suggested Books
Tenant Credit Ratings


About Us

About Us
Our Approach
Tim Marshall, Founder, President and CEO



















ABOUT US
	 








ABOUT TM 1031 EXCHANGE
A wealth management firmconnecting quality investors with quality properties. 
TM 1031 Exchange Inc. was founded by Tim Marshall in 1999 to provide the investment knowledge and access to the widest possible selection of fairly priced properties, both on and off-market. 
Our team is comprised of experts with extensive experience in investment real estate, risk mitigation, portfolio strategy, wealth management and 1031 exchanges. Through the TM 1031 Exchange Partner Program, investors have access to highly qualified real estate attorneys, Certified Public Accountants, Qualified Intermediaries, Brokers and other real estate professionals.
The TM 1031 Exchange Inc. goal is to provide investors with clear, straight-forward, and useful information in addition to access to the most attractive available properties on the market. Special emphasis is placed on non-management properties, 1031 exchanges, wealth creation and preservation. We work on a consultative basis offering knowledge and a complete, ready when needed, inventory of quality investment properties.
The company is distinctive because of its investor-centric approach. Only after we understand an investor's needs do we provide detailed property information from our national inventory of properties.  We are performance based and are only compensated on close.  
The net result of our approach -we quickly match quality investors with suitable, quality properties. 
For specific questions about 

1031 Exchanges 

call 1-877-486-1031 or click here to EMail.



FEATURED PROPERTIES






Home: TM 1031 Exchange     
1031 Exchanges     
Fractional Properties     
NNN Properties     
1031 Investors     
Owner/Developer     
Partner Programs
Resources     
About Us     
Contact Us    
Property Listings     
1031 Exchange Content     
Site Map     
Privacy Policy



This site contains our latest survey of rated properties.Information obtained from sources deemed reliable but not guaranteed.
  TM 1031 Exchange Inc. does not provide legal or tax advice. Investors should conduct their own independent investigations and rely only on those results.
  Before making any investment decision consult with appropriate professionals.
Copyright © 2016, TM 1031 Exchange Inc.







