





New Coast Ventures

















We're a venture and innovation studio with a simple mission.
We help companies build, innovate, and grow.







With competencies in design, development, and venture capital, we are uniquely positioned to help take your ideas to the next level. View some of our work.


















Case Study: Web Development
We helped Top Chef restaurateur Fabio Viviani launch his wine label’s online presence.
See Our Work











Case Study: eCommerce
Outdoor retailer Grand Trunk got an eCommerce facelift to help them hang a notch above the competition.
See Our Work











Case Study: Mobile Development
Our partnership with Braxton Brewing Co. enables their pursuit of a brewery melding technology and tradition.
See Our Work








Previous



Next







Hot off the press
New Coast CEO Nick Cromydas voted to Forbes' 30 Under 30
Read More







Venture News
Chicago Startup Dónde Gets Acquired by Mobify to Help Brands Target Mobile Shoppers
Read More









Work With Us
Whether you’re looking to build a world-class mobile app, optimize your website, or develop a comprehensive branding strategy, we can help.
Get in touch with us today











New Coast Ventures

















COME JOIN US
Careers at New Coast







A career at New Coast is a challenging and rewarding experience. We are a fast-growing team of passionate people who love what we do. We want to make an impact with our work, every single day. If you're interested in joining us, check out some of our openings below.








Engineering



Software Engineer
We are looking for a junior software engineer to come in and contribute right away on a fast-paced, agile team. The ideal candidate has solid development experience across a number of different frameworks and languages. In terms of experience, we are more interested in a desire to learn and grow than the number of years you have spent in the industry. If you are hungry, motivated, and want to be an integral part of a team right from Day 1, let's talk.Desired skills: Ruby on Rails, HTML, SCSS / CSS, JavascriptNice to have: Experience in a front-end JS language such as AngularJS


Apply for this position









Want to know what life is like at New Coast? Just want to chat? Shoot us a message and we'll get back to you shortly.
Hire me!











New Coast Ventures

















NEW COAST INTERACTIVE
Focused on building world-class web and mobile applications.







We work with companies both large and small, from enterprise innovation with Fortune 500 companies to turning entrepreneurs’ ideas into a reality. We are experts in iOS, Android, responsive web technologies, graphic design, and much more.








We build products that wow people
Below is a selection of our most recent work











Client: Popad
         Client Type: Startup
         Project: Mobile App
        We helped PopAd, a graduate of the Brandery accelerator program, build an iOS app to help bring their vision of democratizing the advertising to life.








Client: Braxton Brewing Company
         Client Type: Brewery
         Project: Mobile App, Website, & eCommerce Platform
        Braxton Brewing Company broke the Kickstarter record for most money raised by a brewery, then called on New Coast to help build their vision of the "Taproom of the Future". We have built several mobile apps, a website, and an eCommerce shop for Braxton. (Amazing beer, too!)








Client: DePaul
         Client Type: Private University
         Project: Landing Page
        We partnered with one of Chicago's top private universities to help them attract and convert leads into new students.








Client: Cleartouch
         Client Type: Enterprise
         Project: Website & eCommerce Platform
        We partnered with Radiancy, the second largest direct response marketing company, to successfully launch a new product line combining an elegant user interface with world-class fraud protection.








Client: LasikPlus
         Client Type: Enterprise
         Project: Booking Platform
        We partnered with the country's leading provider of laser eye surgery to reimagine the booking process. Through intuitive, responsive design, we were able to increase mobile bookings by over 200%.








Client: TapFit
         Client Type: Startup
         Project: Mobile Apps
        We built the first on-demand mobile app in the fitness space. Instead of purchasing a monthly membership to a gym, you could instead pay-per-visit at the best gyms in your city. We grew the app to several major markets and a few hundred thousand users.








Client: Motlee
         Client Type: Startup
         Project: Mobile Apps
        We built the best way for friends to share the moments they care about. Motlee was our first foray into mobile applications and serves as the foundation for our mobile app expertise.








Client: Grand Trunk
         Client Type: Outdoors Lifestyle Retailer
         Project: Website & eCommerce Platform
        Grand Trunk is one of the top hammock brands in the United States, but traditionally did most of their sales through retail. We are helping them bring their incredible products online with a modern, best-in-class eCommerce website.








Client: Fabio Viviani
         Client Type: Celebrity Chef
         Project: Website & eCommerce Platform
        We helped Top Chef fan-favorite, Fabio Viviani, bring his love of wine to life and to the masses through a beautiful website and eCommerce platform.








Client: Pet Check Technologies
         Client Type: Startup
         Project: Mobile App & Backend
        PetCheck is a SaaS tool that helps dog walking companies manage their walkers, giving peace of mind to thousands of pet owners around the world. New Coast helped take PetCheck to the next level by designing and building out a mobile platform for the dog walkers.








Client: TEAMA
         Client Type: Architecture Firm
         Project: Branding & Website
        We helped a local architecture firm re-think their brand positioning and web presence.






Work With Us
Whether you’re looking to build a world-class mobile app, optimize your website, or develop a comprehensive branding strategy, we can help.
Get in touch with us today











New Coast Ventures















Get in Touch
















New Coast Ventures

















NEW COAST VENTURES
Helping companies navigate the challenges of customers, product, and capital.







New Coast Ventures is a boutique venture capital fund focusing on early-stage investments in consumer internet, enterprise software, marketplaces, and mobile commerce. We offer a full suite of resources to our partner companies, including access to capital, strategy consulting, design, and development. Below are some of our most recent investments:









 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 






Work With Us
Whether you’re looking to build a world-class mobile app, optimize your website, or develop a comprehensive branding strategy, we can help.
Get in touch with us today
















 




New Coast Ventures Funding SPV2, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











New Coast Ventures Funding SPV2, LLC  Funding details


New Coast Ventures Funding SPV2, LLC Industry: OtherCIK Number: 0001688909IRS Number: 814198718Address: 325 W HURON ST. STE 711  CHICAGO 60654Phone number: 312-659-3275



Latest news
New Coast Ventures Funding SPV2, LLC raised $125,000 from 5 investors on 2016-11-02.



New Coast Ventures Funding SPV2, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-02New Form D$125,000$125,0000$25,000506b[SEC Filing]
New Coast Ventures Funding SPV2, LLC raised $125,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of New Coast Ventures Funding SPV2, LLC
Key People in New Coast Ventures Funding SPV2, LLC:

Nikolas Cromydas
Similar companiesnew york atv - sportsman club llc, NEWSOUTH SPECIAL EQUITIES L P, NEWSOUTH SPECIAL INCOME L P, NEW RELIC, INC., NEW BASTION DEVELOPMENT, INC., NEW ASIA ENERGY INC., New Visions Powerline Communications, Inc., NEW MILLENNIUM FUNDAMENTAL HEDGED EQUITY LP, NEW MILLENNIUM FUNDAMENTAL HEDGED EQUITY QP LP, New Paradigm Fund, L.P., Newland Fund, LP, NEW CENTURY CAPITAL PARTNERS L P








Last visited companies: Glazer Enhanced Fund, L.P., Glazer Qualified Partners, L.P., Glenview Offshore Opportunity Fund, Ltd., Global Iron & Steel Services, LLC, Global Weather Corp

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.



















North Coast Angel Fund – About











































 


About
Portfolio
Approach
News
FAQs
NCAF Intranet
Contact Us







About






Value Proposition
Management Team
Sponsors


NCAF Overview
North Coast Angel Fund (NCAF) is a contributed capital and “sidecar” pre-seed investment fund with a focus on early-stage technology investments. Our membership consists of over 180 of the region’s leading investors, entrepreneurs, and business leaders who are dedicated to accelerating early-stage ventures.North Coast Angel Fund’s members play an active role by generating deal flow, serving on due diligence teams, working with portfolio companies, or serving on the Investment Screening and Executive Committees. Through this involvement, our goal is to provide a supportive environment for our portfolio companies and ultimately enhance the performance of our Fund.Northeast Ohio has a long tradition of active and successful angel investing, but until recently, the success of this crucial form of funding has hinged on the efforts of a relatively small number of individual investors. As the region’s first professionally managed angel fund, North Coast Angel Fund works to improve the early-stage funding environment for both entrepreneurs and investors.





Value Proposition
For Entrepreneurs:

Opportunity to present to, receive feedback from, and establish relationships with many of the region’s leading angel investors
Portfolio companies may receive unique mentoring and coaching benefits and the opportunity to leverage the NCAF members’ considerable industry experience, functional expertise, and personal networks
Valuable source of strategic financing


Bridges the gap between self-funding and VC funding
Enhances the probability of attracting future funding




For Member Investors:

Enhanced access to the region’s early-stage deal flow
Improved due diligence resulting from the membership’s broad industry and functional expertise
Greater portfolio diversification through a larger number of investments across multiple industries
Ability to more actively participate in the success of portfolio companies
Opportunity to build relationships with the region’s leading investors and entrepreneurs






Management Team
Claiborne R. Rankin, Managing Director

Clay has served as the Manager of North Coast Angel Fund since its founding in 2006. Clay spent the previous eight years as a co-founder of Sycamore Partners, LLC, a company focused on early-stage investing and consulting support to pre-seed and seed-stage companies.
Clay currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Hyster-Yale Materials Handling, Inc. (HY-NYSE) and several startup companies, including NCAF portfolio companies Neuros Medical and SironRX Therapeutics. His 40+ years of experience include: President and COO of Bruning Paint Company (a producer of consumer coatings), Vice President of Corporate Development and CFO of Laurel Industries, Inc. (a producer of plastic additives), Director of Marketing for the Cleveland Twist Drill division (a producer of cutting tools) of Acme-Cleveland Corp., General Manager of the XMR Laser Systems, Inc. (a start-up producer of industrial laser systems) subsidiary of Acme-Cleveland Corp., Senior Associate for McKinsey & Co., and Commercial Lending Officer for the First National Bank of Boston. Clay holds a bachelor’s degree from Yale University and an MBA from Harvard Business School.



Todd Federman, Managing Director 

Todd has served as the Executive Director of North Coast Angel Fund since its founding in 2006. Prior to joining NCAF, Todd worked as a full-time independent consultant for the brand strategy team at a leading web services company, co-leading efforts in developing word-of-mouth marketing and experiential marketing initiatives. Previously, Todd worked for DiamondCluster, a global management consulting firm subsequently acquired by PWC. At Diamond, his work included managing the development and launch of a consumer software product, assessing the cost/revenue implications of an enterprise architecture strategy for a leading health insurer, and architecting a new continuous improvement organization for a regional Blue Cross Blue Shield provider.
Previously, Todd co-founded, and remains active with “One With Nature,” an all-natural line of body care products carried in 4,000 retail locations. Todd currently serves on the Boards of Directors for NCAF portfolio companies StreamLink Software, DecisionDesk (formerly CitizenGroove), and Petbrosia. He also serves on the Board of Directors for Youth Opportunities Unlimited, a Cleveland non-profit that empowers urban teens through job training, placement and entrepreneurship education. Todd holds a bachelor’s degree in Finance from Kent State University and an MBA from the Fuqua School of Business at Duke University.




Daniel Luketic, Director 

Daniel joined North Coast Angel Fund in January 2016 as a Director. Prior to joining NCAF, Daniel co-founded Risk Management Technologies (RMT), a software company helping insurance agents up-sell insurance coverage while mitigating the risk of lawsuits.
Daniel recently assisted start-up entrepreneurs at Bizdom, Dan Gilbert’s technology accelerator and investment fund in Cleveland. He focused on coordinating with the Jumpstart Entrepreneurial Network, a group of over thirty NEO entrepreneurial support entities. Daniel consulted with or co-founded several technology companies including a website that offers photo-retouching services, a crowd-funding startup supporting lobbying campaigns, a social network for pick-up sports and a web-conferencing software company operating in the e-learning industry. Daniel currently serves on the board of the Alliance based business accelerator, Ta2. He is also a member of Mount Union’s Alumni Association executive board. Daniel holds a bachelor’s degree in Business Management and Finance from the University of Mount Union in Ohio, where he attended on a full tuition Presidential Scholarship.




Executive Committee Officers
Tim Biro
Tim is Managing Partner of Ohio Innovation Fund I, LP. and a General Partner with Reservoir Venture Partners. Both Ohio Innovation Fund and Reservoir Venture Partners focus on investing in early-stage Ohio-based technology related businesses including life sciences, information technology and advanced materials. Prior to his career in venture capital, Tim was with Merck & Co., holding management positions in Operations Management, most recently as superintendent of Pharmaceutical Manufacturing. Prior to Merck, Tim worked in cancer research at Hershey Medical Center and in business planning at FMC Corporation. Tim currently serves as CEO of Advanced Imaging Systems and OncoImmune.
Tim holds a B.S. in Pharmacy (summa cum laude) from Temple University, a B.S in Microbiology from Pennsylvania State University, and an MBA and in Finance and Marketing (with distinction) from the Wharton School of Business.




Michael Ellis

Michael, a corporate and securities attorney with over 35 years of experience, practices from the firm’s Cleveland office. His focus includes the areas of mergers and acquisitions; corporate governance; public and private securities offerings, executive compensation and shareholders’ communication matters, and defensive tactics in tender offers. He also counsels clients, including start-up and emerging growth companies, angel groups and venture funds, in seed and venture capital and other equity, debt and non-dilutive capital financings.
Michael lectures and writes articles on securities law, mergers and acquisitions and general corporate matters. He taught courses on mergers and acquisitions as an adjunct professor at Cleveland-Marshall College of Law from 1999-2000. Additionally, he has frequently been cited as an attorney experienced in antitakeover and securities issues in media outlets such as The Wall Street Journal, The Financial Times, The Washington Post, and The Cleveland Plain Dealer, as well as others. Michael has been recognized by Ohio Super Lawyers® and in The Best Lawyers in America® in the area of Corporate Law.




Norm Harbert

Mr. Norman C. Harbert serves as the Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairman of Allegheny Clearfield Inc. Mr. Harbert served as Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Hawk Corp. from 1989 to 2000, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairman of the Board from 1999 to 2000 and Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairman of the Board from 2000 to 2002. Mr. Harbert is a Co-Founder of Hawk Corp., and served as its various capacities since 1989. Mr. Harbert has over 40 years of manufacturing experience.
From 1987 to 1988, Mr. Harbert served as President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Maverick Tube Corporation, an oil drilling equipment manufacturer, and from 1981 to 1986, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Ajax Magnethermic Corporation, an international manufacturer of induction heating and melting equipment. Prior to that time, Mr. Harbert served at Reliance Electric Company for 22 years where, in 1980, his last position was as General Manager, Rotating Products Group. He serves as Chairman of S.K. Wellman Corp. He served as the Chairman Emeritus of Hawk Corp. from March 1989 to December 1, 2011. He serves as a Director of Second National Bank. He served as a Director of Hawk Corp. from March 1989 to December 1, 2011. Norm previously served as a Director of Second Bancorp Inc., a bank holding company, Director of New West Eyeworks, Inc., and Director of Caliber Systems, Inc., a transportation company formerly known as Roadway Services, Inc.




John O. Huston
During his 30-year commercial banking career, John’s positions at banks in five states ranged from Chief Lending Officer to Chief Credit Officer to CEO. Since retiring from banking in 2000, he has been an active business angel, adviser, columnist and frequent speaker in his area of expertise, which is optimizing a private company’s capital structure. He established USPrivateCompanies, LLC in 2001 as a private equity firm investing in ventures in the Imaging, Incubating and Demonstrating stages.
John has been an active member of the Ohio Venture Capital Authority since its inception in 2003 and serves as its Vice Chairman. In 2004, John founded the Ohio TechAngel Fund, LLC which has a membership of 99 Accredited Investors and is a founding member of the Angel Capital Association (“The Professional Alliance of Angels”).
John has taught finance at The Ohio State University’s Fisher College of Business, frequently serves as a lecturer and business plan judge at Ohio’s colleges and universities, and devotes time to The Ohio Venture Association, OMERIS, Rev1 Ventures, Columbus Investment Forum, The Columbus Entrepreneurial Advisory Committee, and the ARCHAngels (Akron). John is a director of the Angel Capital Association and also serves on the boards of several ventures funded by USPrivateCompanies, LLC and/or The Ohio TechAngel Fund, LLC. John holds a BA in Economics from the University of Virginia and an MBA from Georgia Southern University (which he earned while stationed as a navy pilot in Georgia).





Charles Stack
Charles Stack is a successful serial entrepreneur. After graduation from Case Western Reserve University Law School, he formed Parallax, Inc., which developed and marketed a PC-based networking case management software system for asbestos litigation to national law firms and corporate law departments.
In 1992, Charles started Books.com, the first online bookstore. In 1998, he founded Flashline to address the new opportunity in software components and web services. In 2000, Charles won the Infoworld E-Business Innovator Award for his contributions to Internet Retail along with Tim-Berners-Lee (WWW), Dr. James Gosling (Java), Jeff Hawkins (Palm Pilot), Richard Stallman (GNU), Times Howes (LDAP), and Phil Zimmerman (PGP).
Charles won the Ohio Venture Association (OVA) Venture of the Year award in 2007 and served on the OVA board until 2010. He has mentored and/or been a judge at numerous business plan and startup competitions including the recent Startup Weekend Cleveland and the 11 regional University iDeaLabs competition. He is a very frequent speaker at investment, startup, and entrepreneurship conferences as well as regularly sharing his experiences with classes of students at nearly every university in the region.



Sponsors
North Coast Angel Fund and its members would like to extend special thanks and acknowledgement to the following organizations:
GOLD SPONSOR:

 
Tucker Ellis and West is a full service law firm with over 145 lawyers practicing nationwide out of offices in Cleveland, Columbus, Denver, Los Angeles, and San Francisco. They have a national reputation for trial work – particularly in the areas of Pharmaceutical, Mass Tort, Product Liability, Class Action and other Commercial Litigation. Tucker, Ellis has sophisticated nationwide Intellectual Property and Insurance capabilities, and top notch Antitrust, Public Finance, Commercial Lending, Estates and Probate, Real Estate, Mergers and Acquisitions, Securities, Tax and General Corporate practices.
SUPPORTING SPONSOR:

Buckingham opened in 1913, Buckingham has supported the northeast Ohio community by contributing to local organizations for which they volunteer, donate and participate as leaders. Every year, Buckingham proudly supports more than 80 local non-profit organizations with monetary donations. In addition, their many attorneys and staff volunteer countless hours of their time at community events and charitable fundraisers. Sixty-seven percent of our attorneys contribute as thought-leaders on over 105 non-profit boards and committees in the region.
MANAGEMENT PARTNER:

JumpStart played a crucial role in the formation of NCAF and remains an active partner in the management companies for NCAF I and NCAF II.  JumpStart offers intensive assistance and direct investment for entrepreneurs leading high-growth startups and scaleups in the region. It also works to grow and strengthen the regional entrepreneurial ecosystem by managing a collaborative network of 15 other incubators, accelerators, and investors across Northeast Ohio.
SPECIAL THANKS:

North Coast Angel Fund is a proud partner of the Ohio Department of Development’s Third Frontier Program which has provided matching grants for investment in the State’s most promising early-stage companies.



 
 

 

 












Useful Links FAQs 
Apply

 

Stay Connected Contact Us
LinkedIn

 

Head Office North Coast Angel Fund

5875 Landerbrook Drive, Suite 220

Mayfield Heights, OH 44124
 
 




About
Portfolio
Approach
News
FAQs
NCAF Intranet
Contact Us
 

Copyright © 2017 North Coast Angel Fund. All Rights Reserved.




 


 





















K5 Team — K5 Ventures



































































K5 Team
Entrepreneurs can apply through this website for a chance to participate in our three-month accelerator program, called K5Launch. This program's primary objective is to help entrepreneurs build a lean, mean, and sustainable startup! The two basic goals of the program are to develop a proof of concept and to perform market validation. Selected teams receive equity funding of up to $25k along with approximately $17k worth of legal, web, and PR services from our partners. 

































High impact entrepreneurship   Our teamWe are a group of experienced investors, entrepreneurs, and technologists that have successfully built and sold companies in southern California. Our expertise covers a range of key domains for early stage companies including: product concept and development, fundraising, business model development, sales and marketing, operations, mergers and acquisitions. Managing DirectorsAmir Banifatemi









Amir is a successful entrepreneur whose work experience includes more 25 years product to market experience and 12 year of investing and advising startups.His focus has always been identifying and developing future and emerging technologies that can impact society with special emphasis on machine learning, robotics, predictive business intelligence, knowledge sharing & education, and healthcare. He specializes in product strategy, pricing, business model, go-to-market, and fund raising.Amir is currently a Board Member and former President of the Tech Coast Angels Orange County and actively involved with venture funds and angel investors to help continuous and sustained funding of startups.Follow him on Twitter, LinkedinRay Chan









As an active angel investor with a successful 25 year track record as a king/queen maker, Ray is committed to partnering with entrepreneurs to lead them to success.  Working in tandem with these entrepreneurs, Ray loves sharing his passion and knowledge with the next class of game-changers. Ray has extensive experience within the tech startup industry.  Ray is currently a member and Board Member of Tech Coast Angels and ACE Fund I and II Investment Committee. In 1985, he co-founded NetSoft, a leader in communications solutions between PCs, mainframes, and AS/400 systems. NetSoft was acquired by NetManage Inc (NETM).Follow him @rtchanPARTNERS







ROBIN PIMENTELRobin Pimentel is an active investor and recently VP of Network Engineering at a recently acquired startup (Gaikai, a SCE Company). Robin's prior employers include Onlive, Facebook, Google and Yahoo; with experience designing large scale MPLS-TE, BGP, ISIS, Datacenter Networking and Load Balancing architectures.   Follow him on Linkedin 







STEVE BLOCKSteve Block has more than 40 years of broad, legal, management and executive experience at Fortune 500 corporations and a major New York law firm. Mr. Block has had extensive experience in domestic and international mergers and acquisitions and joint ventures. He serves on the Boards of Directors of both private and public companies including the Board of Directors of Senomyx, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNMX) and ChromaDex Corporation (OTC:CDXC.OB),Chairman of the Board of Blue Pacific Flavors and Fragrances, Inc., and a director of Allylix, Inc., XSCapacity, Inc., Vigilistics, Inc. and Masher Media, Inc. (of which he is co-founder). Mr. Block holds a Juris Doctor degree from Harvard Law School and a Bachelor of Arts degree cum laude from Yale University. Follow him on Linkedin 







ELIM KAYElim Kay is an entrepreneur and active angel investor, currently Co-Founder and COO of Zaka, Inc., a mobile software early-stage venture, and Managing Member of Insepin, LLC, a private holding company for technology investments.  He has been involved in startup ventures since 2002.  He received his BA from Chapman University.  He currently serves on a number of non-profit boards and is a strong supporter of information age innovation, particularly in education and healthcare. 







FRANCIS DUHAYFrancis G Duhay, MD, MBA , is an accomplished clinical surgeon, scientist, medical innovator, and senior business executive, with expertise in general business management, clinical and regulatory affairs, medical affairs, healthcare economics and reimbursement, new business development and corporate strategy. Double board-certified in general and cardiothoracic surgery, Dr. Duhay served on senior faculty at Duke University School of Medicine. With 32 US and International medical device patents, he has invented and developed devices used in thousands of heart operations annually. His first company, Corvascular, a joint venture with Duke, focused on the nascent field of minimally invasive cardiac surgery and was later acquired by Medtronic. After completing his MBA, Dr. Duhay joined Edwards Lifesciences (EW; market cap, $20B) as General Manager in Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy, which currently is a $2B business. Promoted to Chief Medical Director, his role was expanded to include Global Medical Affairs, Clinical Affairs and Operations for Heart Valve Therapy.







JASON THANH LAJason La is a serial entrepreneur with twenty years of entrepreneurial, management, and consulting experience in information technology. He has co-founded and led Merchant Service Group LLC, a multilingual payment company that has grown from a three-person startup to a 300-network organization serving merchants in 48 states.. Prior to Merchant Service Group LLC, Jason was a consultant at Internet start-ups and Fortune 500 companies. He has delivered custom application development and large scale integration projects for clients such as CNF’s Con-way, Emery Worldwide, and DirecTV.Jason is an alumnus of Harvard Business School and MBA graduate of Cornell University. He has recently been named to the OC Register Metro's 2014 “Forty under 40” list of top young executives, entrepreneurs, and professionals







Stijn VanorbeekEntrepreneur - Investor. Experience in product development and scaling hardware & media ventures. Specialties include product development, business planning, and new venture assessment. Beginning  in the motion-picture and television industry, Stijn worked in different technical roles and consequently started and sold several business in that arena. His last venture FX-Motion Inc,  an industry leader in the field of  robotic and remote-controlled camera systems for the broadcast and motion picture industry was acquired by Ross Video in 2011. Before founding FX-Motion, Stijn worked as an Assistant Cameraman and Cinematographer on feature films, advertising and music videos. Stijn holds degrees in Electronic Engineering, Film and Television technology, Product Development and Business Administration. In 2003, he was under consideration for a Scientific Academy Award (OSCAR). He is fluent in Dutch, English, and French.







Ryan BreedRyan Breed is a versatile executive, passionate about new businesses, new technologies and startups.  He has liberal arts, electrical engineering, and business degrees from Occidental College, Caltech, and the Anderson School of Management.  His career has been focused on working with high-power teams to realize the potential of new ideas and technologies across a variety of industries. For the last 5 yeas he's been dedicated to the executive team at Gaikai, recently purchased by Sony Computer Entertainment, developing the foundational game-streaming technology behind their highly successful PlayStation Now game streaming service, the "Netflix of video games".  He currently leads their Business Intelligence and Cloud Engineering teams. Prior to Gaikai he was the founding partner in a hedge fund focused on automated trading strategies within the options markets.  Prior to that the President of Automotive Technologies International, focused on future safety technologies such as collision anticipation and avoidance, self-driving cars, and occupant sensing.  Ryan's teams have worked with a wide variety of technologies, including: embedded systems, pattern recognition, materials science, networking, high frequency radar, large-scale SAAS platforms, and many others.







ANDREW HOROWITZA twenty-year telecommunications entrepreneur and founder of Office Telephone Management (OTM) in 1983, a shared-service provider of integrated voice and data communications products and services to tenants of multi-tenant office buildings in Southern California. Sold business to Intermedia Communications (later acquired by Worldcom) in 1995. Since then, involved in an assortment of domestic and international telecommunications consulting engagements, mentoring activities, and investment opportunities involving local telecom and other startup companies. A member of both the Orange County chapter of the Tech Coast Angels and Investors Circle, Chairman of the the advisory board of the Venture Finance Institute of the Claremont Graduate University, founding partner of the LA Chapter of Social Venture Partners, and board member of the Social Enterprise Institute.







HANS IMHOFHans Imhof holds an Electrical Engineering Degree from the University of in Zurich in Switzerland. Mr. Imhof rose through the ranks at Borg Warner Corporation in the 1960’s to become the Chief Engineer of their Electronics Division in Southern California. Following this, he formed Electrical Power Engineering, EPE, which he successfully grew to become the third largest manufacturer of Uninterruptible Power Supplies in the world. EPE was sold to the Merlin Gerin division of Group Schneider of Paris, France in 1990. Following the successful sale of EPE, Mr. Imhof has continued to be actively involved in a number of successful startup businesses including NetBrowser Communications, and others. 







RENA ZUABIRena joined the K5 team in 2013, first as an associate and most recently as the head of investor and portfolio relations. Rena earned her MBA in finance from the University of Cambridge and has advised and managed programs for Fortune 500, startup, and multinational nonprofit organizations in the United States, Europe, and Middle East in strategic operations, partnership and business development, and customer success.  Entrepreneurs in Residence







Donna Lee Donna is an entrepreneur with experiences in management, investor fundraising, and corporate law. She was the founder and CEO of recently acquired MascotSecret, a startup based on enhancing the in-game experience for fans.  Prior to MascotSecret, Donna was a tax lawyer advising numerous Fortune 500 clients on corporate structuring and international tax law.  









KAI TAOKai Tao is an experienced consumer and technology investor through Park One Capital, his family office, which invests in both private and public equities utilizing a variety of capital structures. Currently, he is the Chairman of Phluant Mobile, a leader in mobile rich media advertising and analytics, as well as Lifetopia Corp, a provider of housing management solutions for Colleges and Universities. Previously, he was the President and Chief Investment Officer of Watson Asset Management, a hedge fund with peak assets of $300 million, specializing in long short US Equities. He holds a BS in Engineering from MIT. 







GUNTHER SONNENFELDGunther is a world-renowned speaker on digital convergence and the power of modern storytelling, having keynoted alongside the likes of Sir Richard Branson, Guy Kawasaki, Arianna Huffington and Jonathan Harris. He is currently co-writing a new book entitled The Big Pivot, a guidepost for companies looking to build emerging market opportunities in an era of deep cultural accelerationAs a creative entrepreneur, Gunther has spent the majority of his 20-year career building leading-edge content and analytics systems within the entertainment, brand and corporate spaces, including a dozen proprietary platforms and a host of digital and social media tools. In product and marketing roles, Gunther is an advisor to several disruptive companies, including Coincident TV (David Kaiser, CEO; creator of Flash/Macromedia, co-Founder of Navisoft; several exits, ex NASA engineer), TruEffect (helped raise $8mm in cash and lines from Goldman Sachs; Martin Smith, CTO, ex Senior Apple engineer), MomentFeed (recently helped raise strategic investment from Location 3 in a $1.3mm seed round), Liquify Digital (Greg Martin, CEO, ex Disney exec) and Glome (Timo Ronkainen, Chairman, MD of Carat-Isobar Finland).More than 60 mentors currently partner with K5 Ventures to provide cutting edge and pragmatic advice and support. Training provided to startups include product development, revenue model, customer development, sales and marketing.    





 


 












©2016 K5 Ventures   



 




























Angel Investors and Start Up Funding | Funded.com

 



















             World's  Leading  Accredited investor Network.  Get connected with the right financing for  your business. Entrepreneurs are getting funded,why shouldn't you?   Get Started     Angel Investors Startup Funding  Get Started     Business Funding Venture Capital  Get Started       Business Plan  Let us write your Business Plan   Get Started                   Connect with millions of dollars in funding and join the ranks of the funded at Funded.com ®      




Currently Trending:




Move Over Uber!
Disruptive Technology - High ROI - Quick Exit
New York New York


Amount $500,000

 





NEW E-COMMERCE STORE I...
M/S SVOCAN HANDICRAFTS IS SELLING HOME FURNISHING PRODUCTS ONLINE THROUGH EBAY.COM, EBAY.CO.UK, EBAY.COM.AU & AMAZON.COM. NOW WE ARE DEVELOPING OUR OWN E-COMMERCE STORE. WE NEED SEED FUNDING OF 10 MILLION USD.
Yamuna Nagar


Amount $10,000,000

 





https://legalmap.net/en
You can find a lawyer anywhere using the location data. Uber for lawyers
Kiev, Ukraine


Amount $100 000 

 





Mass Organic Production
Growing organic produce to set standards and providing organic options more affordable.
SPRING, TX


Amount $500,000

 
















NEWS RELEASE - Commercial real estate venture gets funded for $250K from funded.com's funding provider. Comment: I was very pleased with the speed and professional attitude of the site. I will recommend this to anyone in the future. 

Greg S
 Decatur, IL





"Funded.com has been great and my project is in the final stages of being funded by an investor I found on here. I was surprized at the quick process and how fast investors funded my project. Website was a big help!" 

Rick R 
Entreprenuer





Let me first start by saying I believe your site is THE BEST there is for connecting Entrepreneurs and Investors.  It is the site I've had most success with.  I had about 6 Investors either respond back or contact me because of your site with an interest in investing in my company. Thank you very much!  I love your site and will recommend it to any of my Colleagues.  I love the fact that we are able to contact the Investors directly (which many of the sites joining Entrepreneurs and Investors don't allow).  It looks like I'm about to go into contract with an Investor because of your site.  Thank you again. 

Faith D
Entreprenuer





I am grateful I had the opportunity to access your network of investors. I am reasonably confident that the current negotiations with one of your investors will go through for our film production. I will be back for my next production. 

Oscar S
Entreprenuer








Feedback and Funded







Do you need help with your Business Plan?
Let Us Professionally Write Your Business Plan
Learn More









FOLLOW US




 




 As seen on 



Trusted 



















ABOUT US

About Funded
Blog
Contact Us
How it works
Reviews





DEFINITIONS: What is?

Angel Investor
Venture Capital

Private Equity

Investors
Lenders





SITE

Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Report an Issue
Business Plan





YOUR MEMBERSHIP

Log In
Member Join Up
Investor Join Up






Copyright ©2017 by Funded.com®
Funded.com® is a network that provides a platform for start up and existing businesses, projects, ideas, patents or fundraising to connect with funding sources. Funded.com® is not a registered broker or dealer and does not offer investment advice or advice on the raising of capital through securities offering. Funded.com® does not provide funding or make any recommendations or suggestions to an investor to make an investment in a particular company nor take part in the negotiations or execution of any transaction or deal. Funded.com® does not purchase, sell, negotiate execute, take possession or is compensated by securities in any way, or at any time, nor is it permitted through our platform. We are not an equity crowdfunding platform or portal.






































Venture capital growth | Crain's Detroit Business






























Skip to main content





 














Login
Subscribe
Connect
 
 




































NewsNews Container OneThis Week's Issue
Breaking News
Detroit
Michigan News
Arts/Entertainment
Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing
Entrepreneurship
Food/Drink

News Container TwoHealth Care
Jobs/Talent
Nonprofits
People
Elections
Real Estate
Sports Business
Technology


AwardsAwards Container OneAll Awards
Nominate
20 in their 20s
40 Under 40
50 Names to Know in IT
50 Names to Know in Real Estate
Best Managed Nonprofits
Biggest Deals

Awards Container TwoCool Places to Work
Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies
Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies
Health Care Heroes
Michigan Change Makers
Most Influential Women
Newsmaker of the Year


ExtrasExtras Container OneAll Extras
Year in Review
10 Things to do this Weekend
Auto Show
Detroit Homecoming
Flint water crisis
Food Economy

Extras Container TwoGiving Guide
Mackinac Policy Conference
Michigan Stock Center
Michigan Women's Directory
Most Connected
Wayne County Jail


DataData Container OneData Center
Book of Lists
Directory: Creative Detroit


Blogs / OpinionBlog Opinion Container ZeroOpinion
Keith Crain
Ron Fournier
Mary Kramer
Other Voices
Editorials

Blog Opinion Container OneCrain's Blogs
Bill Shea - Sports business
Carlos Portocarrero - Digital
City Moments
Chad Livengood - Detroit Rising
Dustin Walsh - Economic Issues
Jay Greene - Health care
Kristin Bull - Detroit in the Media

Blog Opinion Container Two.
Kirk Pinho - Real estate
Lindsay VanHulle - Covering the Capitol
Mary Kramer - Inside Detroit Business
Ron Fournier - Publisher/Editor
Sherri Welch - Nonprofits
Tom Henderson - Venture capital, banking, private equity, tech startups
Wish List - A part of the Crain's Giving Guide


EventsEvents Container OneAll Events
Crain's Events
Local Events
Sponsored Events
Submit Your Event


MultimediaMultemedia Container OneMultimedia
Video
Audio
Photo Galleries


 
 





Login
Subscribe
Connect
 
 





Top Stories



×
Top Stories



















×
Michigan Stock Index







                VISIT THE CRAIN'S MICHIGAN STOCK CENTER
              










 
 







×
Weather


Forecast for Detroit





Current Conditions




69
          



Thursday
78/67 F Rain
 
Friday
71/63 F Rain
 
Saturday
78/67 F Clear
 
Sunday
81/70 F Rain
 
Monday
84/72 F Rain




 







 



















Special report: Finance




May 27, 2017 8:00 p.m.      Updated 6/4/2017 

Venture capital growth: Michigan hits record with latest round of fundraisingBy TOM HENDERSON         

TwitterFacebookLinkedInGoogle+CommentsEmailPrinter-friendly version 


Venture Capital


Investing


Michigan


Finance


Economic Development


Economy

More + 





 


      iStock   


Venture capital in Michigan is on a record-breaking round of fundraising.Four numbers indicate historical high-water marks for VC activity in the state:12 — The number of firms either based in Michigan or with offices here that are raising new funds.806,000,000 — The total number of dollars those 12 firms plan to raise over the next two years.8 — The number of firms headquartered in Michigan that are raising new funds.4 — The number of firms concurrently targeting funds of at least $100 million.No wonder, then, that there was a sense of optimism and excitement about the state of venture capital in Michigan at the recent Michigan Growth Capital Symposium, which drew 35 companies from around the Midwest to Ypsilanti to pitch for equity capital. The symposium attracted a record attendance of 530, which included angel investors, venture capitalists and service providers from around the state."What we are seeing is long-term vitality in the venture ecosystem," Maureen Miller Brosnan, the executive director of the nonprofit Ann Arbor-based Michigan Venture Capital Association, told Crain's prior to addressing the crowd at lunch on the first day of the two-day conference, in a speech filled with statistics from the organization's 2017 research report. (See related story.)"There are a lot of firms looking to expand their capital availability at every stage of investment — seed, early stage and later stage," she said.The surge has surprised some in the VC community, who worried that venture capital activity might slow after the state decided not to fund a third Venture Michigan Fund. Two previous funds, the $95 million Venture Michigan Fund I, created in 2006, and the $120 million VMF II, created in 2011, are credited with jump-starting VC activity in the state.More on venture capital growth in MichiganRead the rest of this special report:Michigan outpaces the nation in venture capital growthInvest Michigan has its most active quarterSeraph Biosciences closes on $5M funding roundCelsee Diagnostics will raise up to $10M to grow global salesEyewear company Article One closes a $1.5M funding roundThose funds invested in venture capital funds either based in the state or willing to open an office here. By 2015, those funds had deployed their capital, and the venture community began lobbying for a third fund.But the Michigan Legislature had grown more conservative and balked at the idea of creating a third fund, in part because the recession had slowed the projected timetable for when VC firms who got state funding would begin paying back their investments.VC firms held off raising new funds until it became clear there would not be a third VMF, and a handful of out-of-state firms closed their local offices, including Cleveland-based Early Stage Partners, Cambridge, Mass.-based Flagship Ventures, Boston-based Fletcher Spaght Ventures and Effingham, Ill.-based Open Prairie Ventures."This is a really important period for the VC community in Michigan, to see if it can get to the next level," said Chris Rizik, CEO and fund manager for the Ann Arbor-based Renaissance Venture Capital Fund."Some feel it's time for the VC community to be on its own. But it's a reasonable attitude that a third VMF would have been very helpful in getting us to where we want to be. VMF I and II were created as a bridge and we're not quite there yet. There have been a lot of small funds created, but we need more large institutional funds."



 


      Maureen Miller Brosnan, executive director, Michigan Venture Capital Association   


"VMF I and VMF II did what they were designed to do: grow a Michigan venture capital community and attract out-of-state money to the state," Brosnan said. "Though I still hope there will be an appetite within the Michigan Economic Development Corp. and the Legislature to support entrepreneurship through investing in venture capital. For every $1 invested by state VCs here, $4.61 is coming in from out of state."Jim Adox, who manages the Ann Arbor office of Venture Investors LLC, was chairman of the MVCA two years ago and made repeated trips to Lansing to lobby legislators for a third VMF. Some of the out-of-state VCs that have left the state in the last two years were based in his building in downtown Ann Arbor."Did they leave because there was no VMF III? Absolutely," he said.Adox said it is heartening that so many firms — including his firm — are out in the marketplace at once."The question is, will they all get there? Nothing is guaranteed," Adox said.Eight raising fundsBecause of rules by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission prohibiting fund managers from seeking publicity while raising funds, they can't talk about new funds on the record, even to disclose whether or not they are fundraising.Some of their fundraising is public information because they have filed what is called a Form D with the SEC. Some fundraising is common knowledge in the local VC community because firms have started to make their pitches to high-net-worth individuals.Crain's has identified nine of the 12 firms that are raising funds:Renaissance Venture Capital Fund, Ann Arbor, $120 millionRizik, the CEO and fund manager at Renaissance, filed a Form D on April 7. According to that document, he has had a first close of $52 million on a target of $120 million for a fund formally named Renaissance Venture Capital Fund III LP.Originally formed by Business Leaders for Michigan, Renaissance is a fund of funds, meaning it generally invests in other venture-capital firms, who in turn invest in individual companies. It raised a total of $124 million its first two funds. So far, it has invested in 25 different funds with 19 different VC firms, and has also invested directly in five companies.Its investors include Whirlpool Corp., DTE Energy Co., Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan, Ford Motor Co., the Dow Foundation, Meijer Inc., Wolverine World Wide Inc., the Kellogg Foundation, the Michigan Employees' Retirement System, CMS Energy Corp. and the MSU Foundation.



 


      Chris Rizik, CEO and fund manager, Renaissance Venture Capital Fund   


Those foundations and corporations get a return on investment, but in addition to providing growth capital, their executives can serve as advisers to startup execs and can later, when appropriate, become large early customers.Rizik declined comment about the new fund but was happy to talk about the success he's had with previous funds. Firms he invests in aren't required to invest in Michigan companies but are asked to look at local deals."From Fund 1, we've invested $35.6 million and attracted $868 million (in investments in state companies) as of Dec. 31, or 24 to one. Fund II is still too early to be meaningful, but even this early is over 10 to one and increasing every year."Rizik's most recent investment was in Austin, Texas-based Next Coast Ventures in April.Renaissance's success has made Rizik a draw at venture-capital events around the U.S., explaining his model and its success. On May 25, he was a keynote speaker at the TechniCLE Speaking 2017 Conference in Cleveland.In April, Rizik met with business leaders and politicians in Houston, where the Greater Houston Partnership plans to launch a fund-of-funds of its own.And in March, Rizik, a finalist for the EY Entrepreneur for Michigan and northwest Ohio, was an invited speaker at the Wisconsin Tech Summit.RPM Ventures, Ann Arbor, $100 million



 


      Tony Grover, chairman, Michigan Venture Capital Association   


RPM Ventures filed a Form D on Jan. 29, 2016, for its $100 million RPM Ventures III LP.Managing partner Tony Grover, chairman of the Michigan Venture Capital Association, confirmed for Crain's that RPM has just successfully concluded its fundraisingRPM Ventures was founded in 2000 with a $40 million fund and its second fund of $60 million was raised in 2009. It is an early-stage investor, focusing on B2B enterprise solutions, online marketplaces, and automotive IT, which includes autonomous vehicles and connected cars.RPM's website lists 25 portfolio companies and 15 exits from previous investments. The most recent of those was in December, with the highly profitable sale of Ann Arbor-based Deepfield Inc., a small tech company focused on providing real-time big-data analytics, network-performance management and security for service providers and large enterprises, to Nokia Corp., the Finnish communications and information technology giant.Deepfield was launched with seed funding of more than $1.5 million, which was led by RPM.RPM co-founder Marc Weiser was a member of the Crain's 40 under 40 class of 2006.eLab Ventures LLC, Ann Arbor and San Mateo, Calif., $100 millioneLab, which is headquartered in Ann Arbor, was launched by three veterans of Silicon Valley with Michigan ties in 2013. It raised a first fund of $22.5 million, which included $2.25 million from the state's Pure Michigan Venture Development Fund.The three founders are Doug Neal, Bob Stefanski and Rick Bolander. Subsequently, Paul Brown, a former vice president of the Michigan Economic Development Corp., joined them as a partner.The business model was to find early stage Midwest companies, including spinoffs from the University of Michigan, and get their network of affluent Silicon Valley denizens to invest in them.The company hasn't filed with the SEC yet, but has begun making presentations about the new fund to current investors.eLab focuses on auto mobility, digital healthcare, big data, Internet Security and enterprise software.Portfolio companies include Grand Rapids-based Blue Medora, a company that manages cloud-based data systems; Akadeum Life Sciences LLC, a UM spinoff that hopes to make it easier, cheaper and faster to prepare tissue, water or food samples for testing; Clinc, an Ann Arbor company in the hot space of artificial intelligence; and Strata Oncology, a Scio Township company that facilitates enrollment in cancer drug trials.Venture Investors LLC, Ann Arbor and Madison, Wis., $100 million
Venture Investors is a pioneer nationally in venture capital, founded in 1982 to commercialize technology at the University of Wisconsin. It has raised $280 million in five funds and opened an Ann Arbor office 10 years ago.It hasn't yet filed a Form D but has begun getting the word out to past investors and accredited individuals that it is raising a new fund, targeting technologies spun out from Midwest universities, including therapeutics, diagnostic tools, medical devices and healthcare IT.Local portfolio companies include Ann Arbor-based HistoSonics Inc., whose devices use ultrasound to destroy cancer tissue; SkySpecs Inc., an Ann Arbor company making software involved in using drones to inspect infrastructure; and Plymouth Township-based Delphinus Medical Technologies Inc., a spinoff from the Karmanos Cancer Institute in Detroit that uses ultrasound for early-stage detection of breast cancer.Resonant Ventures, Ann Arbor, $75 million
Michael Godwin and Jason Townsend co-founded Ann Arbor-based Resonant Ventures in 2010 and raised a first fund of $10.5 million. Its first investment was in a seed-stage round for Ann Arbor-based Duo Security, a fast-growing Internet security firm that subsequently raised a total of $39 million from venture capitalists, many of them heavyweights in Silicon Valley.Resonant recently had a lucrative exit with the sale of Deepfield, one of its portfolio companies, and has been buoyed by the dynamic growth of Duo, which will hit revenue this year of $75 million and has 400 employees."Duo will eventually return money to us in the multiples," said Godwin.Townsend will continue to help Resonant manage its current portfolio of five companies but has long been a real-estate investor on the side in multifamily housing and is now leaning toward raising a real-estate investment fund.Last year, Godwin filed with the SEC to raise a second fund with a cap of $75 million, and is bringing on an experienced investment partner he said he is not yet at liberty to name. Grand Ventures, Grand Rapids, $50 million



 


      Tim Streit, co-founder and partner, Grand Ventures   


Grand Ventures, the state's newest venture capital firm, filed a Form D with the SEC in February for its Grand Ventures I LP, which will be aimed at very early-stage companies in Michigan and the Midwest.Fund partner Tim Streit had been a partner in Huron River Ventures, an Ann Arbor-based venture capital firm that raised $16 million in two funds since being founded in 2010.Huron River has invested in 20 leading technology companies, including Ambiq Micro Inc., a spinoff from the University of Michigan now based in Austin, Texas, that makes ultra-low power integrated circuits; and Ann Arbor-based FarmLogs, a fast-growing provider of cloud-based data and services to farmers."Huron River is a healthy, ongoing concern. Grand Ventures is just the next chapter for me," said Streit, who has long been based in Grand Rapids.His co-founder at Grand Ventures is McKeel Hagerty, the CEO of Traverse City-based Hagerty Insurance, which has more than 840 employees and offices in Canada, Germany and the United Kingdom and claims a total insured coverage value of more than $36 billion.Streit said Grand Ventures will focus on agriculture, manufacturing and transportation.Ludlow Ventures LLC, Detroit, $45 millionJonathon Triest, managing director of Ludlow Ventures, filed a Form D in January, showing a first close of $15.5 million. His first fund of $15.5 million was raised in 2014.Triest is based in the Madison Building in downtown Detroit. Among his investors is Dan Gilbert, who owns the building.Though Ludlow is based in Detroit, it has a national reach. More than half of the 52 investments made by Triest from his first fund were in the Bay Area in California, with others in Los Angeles, New York, Nevada, Nebraska, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Colorado.Ludlow generally invests between $250,000 and $750,000 in early-stage tech companies. Among high-profile West Coast firms in which Triest has invested are Sprig, an organic meal delivery service; Product Hunt, a product discovery service; Navdy, a maker of heads-up displays for vehicles; and uBeam, a wireless power provider.His only current portfolio company locally is Royal Oak-based Ambassador, which makes off-the-shelf and custom software for what is called referral marketing, where businesses set up reward programs for customers who refer their friends and social networks.Triest, a member of the Crain's 20 in their 20s class of 2011, launched Ludlow Ventures in 2009 as an investment vehicle for family members, and at first he raised money from them as needed to do deals. His father, Brent Triest, is an attorney and veteran private-equity investor. His great-uncle, Warren Coville, co-founded Guardian Industries Inc. with Bill Davidson and was president of the Guardian Photo division from 1955 to 1985.Tamarind Hill Management LLC, Ann Arbor and Columbus, Ohio, $35 million
Tamarind is one of the state's newest VC firms, launching six months ago in a stately old house converted to office space just west of downtown Ann Arbor.A Form D filed with the SEC in May shows a first close of almost $7 million for the Tamarind Hill Fund LLC.Ben Trumbull and Mark Shary co-founded Tamarind — named for a fruit tree that thrives in harsh environments — six months ago. Previously, Trumbull had been with Plymouth Venture Partners in Ann Arbor and the Rocket Venture Fund in Toledo. Shary has been a serial entrepreneur in Columbus, where he will be opening Tamarind's second office in the third quarter. Tamarind will focus on early-stage companies in healthcare IT, software as a service and supply chain logistics. Trumbull and Shary had been doing due diligence on investments before launching the firm and already have five portfolio companies. Their portfolio includes Upbox, a Dublin, Ohio-based company that helps doctors communicate with patients."We'd been planning to do this awhile and already had opportunities lined up," said Trumbull. Currently there are no portfolio companies in Michigan, but they plan to change that."We're going to collaborate with other funds in the area. We're not in active due diligence on anyone, now, but we have four or five companies on our radar screen, and we have several entrepreneurs we're helping get started," said Trumbull, who said Tamarind will have a geocentric focus that ranges from Michigan to Louisville to Pittsburgh to Indianapolis, with a typical investment range of $250,000 to $2 million."In that geography, there are a lot of entrepreneurs who are on their third and fourth startups. They have a knowledge base of how to do startups, but there's still a capital gap for seed and early-stage companies," he said. "Typically, a company will have some seed funding from the angel community and we'll come in and help with product evaluation and funding that will lead to an A round. We'll be looking for companies that if they were on the coasts, they'd already be funded."Huron River Ventures, Ann Arbor, $30 million to $50 million
Huron River, which was founded in 2010 and has raised $16 million in two funds, hasn't filed a Form D, yet, but word in the venture community is that managing director Ryan Waddington has begun meeting with current limited partners and potential new investors for his new fund.Waddington declined comment.Huron invests in early-stage energy, agriculture and transportation businesses. One of its current portfolio companies is Ann Arbor-based FarmLogs LLC, whose IT helps farmers more efficiently grow their crops. In April, Huron River had a successful exit when another of its portfolio companies, Algal Scientific Corp., was sold to Kemin Industries of Des Moines, Iowa.In 2012, Algal Scientific, a maker of algae-based chemicals for the food and beverage industries, won first place of $500,000 at the annual Accelerate Michigan Innovation event in Detroit. The company will remain in Plymouth Township.Related LinksMichigan outpaces the nation in venture capital growthInvest Michigan has its most active quarterSeraph Biosciences closes on $5 million funding roundCelsee Diagnostics will raise up to $10 million to grow global salesEyewear company Article One closes a $1.5 million funding round 



MICHIGAN MORNING NEWSLETTERGet a roundup of important news that happens each day.


















 




 









Facebook

Twitter

Linkedin

 






News

This Week's IssueBreaking NewsDetroitMichigan NewsArts/EntertainmentAuto Suppliers/ManufacturingEntrepreneurshipFood/DrinkHealth CareJobs/TalentNonprofitsPeopleElectionsReal EstateSports BusinessTechnology




Blogs / Opinion

Keith CrainRon FournierMary KramerOther VoicesEditorials



Extras

All ExtrasYear in Review10 Things to do this WeekendAuto ShowDetroit HomecomingFlint water crisisFood economyGiving GuideMackinac Policy ConferenceMichigan Stock CenterMichigan Women's DirectoryMost ConnectedWayne County Jail



Data

Data CenterBook of ListsDirectory: Creative Detroit




Awards

All AwardsNominate20 in their 20s40 Under 4050 Names to Know in IT50 Names to Know in Real EstateBest Managed NonprofitsBiggest DealsCool Places to WorkEureka Index: Most-Innovative CompaniesFast 50: Fastest-growing companiesHealth Care HeroesMichigan Change MakersMost Influential WomenNewsmaker of the Year



Events

All EventsCrain's EventsLocal EventsSponsored EventsSubmit Your Event



Multimedia

MultimediaVideoPhoto Galleries




Connect With Crain's

ConnectGuide to Crain's Detroit BusinessAbout Crain's Detroit BusinessSubscribe to Crain's Detroit BusinessContact the Crain's staffContact Customer ServiceSubscribe to email newslettersCrain's reprintsClassified advertisingCrain's Job ConnectCrain Content Studio Detroit: Let us tell your storyCrain's Detroit Business Privacy StatementBuy a copy of Crain'sCorrections



Crain Content Studio Detroit

Crain Content Studio — DetroitGiving GuideCustom PrintE-newslettersVideoWebinarsSponsor-contributed



Advertising

Advertising Opportunities2017 Editorial Calendar (PDF)Classified advertisingPeople on the Move




Email Newsletters

Crain's Michigan MorningCrain's Afternoon ReportCrain's Breaking News AlertCrain's The Weekend ReportCrain's People on the MoveCrain's Health Care ExtraCrain's Sports Business ReportCrain's Nonprofit ReportCrain's Detroit 2.0Crain's Manufacturing Report




This Week's Issue


July 24, 2017 




 









Connect with Crain's Detroit Business
Twitter
Facebook
Linkedin



Contact
Subscribe
Corrections
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service




      Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc.


 















About Us - Capital Funding Group







































Client Login






Toggle navigation








Capital Funding Group



 


(410) 342-3155
info@capfundinc.com
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn

 
 












About Us


Founded in 1993, Capital Funding Group (CFG) is a leading provider of full-service, comprehensive financing solutions for multifamily properties and healthcare facilities across the country. CFG is headquartered in Baltimore, Maryland.
CFG truly is a “one-stop-shop” for healthcare facilities nationwide, with a full suite of product offerings that fully address clients’ financing needs.
Through the CFG family of companies, CFG offers bridge loans, HUD loans, commercial banking, working capital lending, purchase/leasebacks, spend management, investment advisory services and more — all under one roof. Regardless of which CFG entity you are working with, you can be confident that you are leveraging our cross-disciplinary expertise.
In addition, unlike most of our competitors who sell loans after closing, CFG will not only finance your loan — we’ll also service it for the life of the loan.


John (Jack) Dwyer
Chairman Of The Board / Sole Owner
Mr. Dwyer began his career in the FHA-insured mortgage industry more than 30 years ago and is a HUD-approved underwriter. He has been involved in the financing of more than $3 billion in FHA-insured mortgages.
Mr. Dwyer founded CFG in 1993, and in 2001, he was successful in obtaining HUD-headquarters approval for the Life Care Centers of America portfolio transaction. It was a $493 million funding and the first portfolio ever approved by HUD. Mr. Dwyer received corporate credit approval for the refinancing of the Ruby Schron transaction, which is the second and largest healthcare HUD portfolio ever approved at just over $1 billion.




About UsAbout CFG
Our Team
CFG Companies
Community
Donation Request



Contact a Manager Today
Call 410-342-3155 or use the form below:

Name*


First Name



Last Name

Your Email Address*

Your MessageCommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 









  Recent Transactions


May 2017
Raw Land in Frederick, MD
2.24 Million
Capital Funding, LLC
Land Acquisition Loan


July 2017
Long-Term Care Client Portfolio
71.8 Million 
Capital Funding, LLC
Nine HUD Mortgages


April 2017
Washington Skilled Nursing Facility
9.96 Million
Capital Funding, LLC
Hud Refinance


 














	Florida Venture Forum










































  




       


















    About


                        History

                        Timeline

                        Testimonials

                        Staff

                        Board of Directors


    Events


                        2018 Florida Venture Capital Conference

                        Event Photos


    Membership

    Board Members


                        BOARD OFFICERS

                        BOARD OF DIRECTORS


    Resources


                        FAQ's

                        Articles

                        2017 VC State of the Industry

                        Previous Event Presentations

                        Submit an Executive Summary


    News


                        Press Releases

                        Venture Headlines


    Forum 50
    Foundation

    Contact































Welcome to the Florida Venture Forum
The Florida Venture Forum is a statewide member based organization that helps entrepreneurs obtain funding through education, strategic partnering, and effective networking. The Forum hosts the annual Florida Venture Capital Conference™ that has been instrumental in helping Florida based entrepreneurs achieve almost $3 Billion in funding to date. Additionally, the Forum hosts the Florida Early Stage Capital Conference™, which has helped presenting companies obtain $76.5 Million in funding to date! The Florida Venture Forum in conjunction with the Florida Early Stage Capital Conference™ also hosts the Statewide Collegiate Business Plan Competition™, which has given students the opportunity to raise their level of real world professional focus and funding for their ventures. To date, winning competitors have secured $17 Million in funding.
Find Out More  

 


 Connecting Florida Entrepreneurs and Capital Sources to Foster a Thriving Innovation Economy.











2017 Friends of the Forum Membership

You are invited to participate in the Florida Venture Forum's Friends of the Forum Membership Community, a listing of individuals and companies from the entrepreneurial and investor community. Click here to view the New Membership Levels today!
  Read More 
SaveSave
SaveSave


2018 FLORIDA VENTURE CAPITAL CONFERENCE™

Join hundreds of venture capitalists and private equity investors from across the U.S. and the world at the 26th Annual Florida Venture Capital Conference™, January 29 - 31, 2018 at the Marriott Harbor Beach Resort in Fort Lauderdale, FL! This is a must attend event not to be missed!
  Read More 


Apply to Present: 2018 Florida Venture Capital Conference™

Entrepreneurs: Apply today to present at the 2018 Florida Venture Capital Conference™ by submitting an application. Presenting companies meeting designated criteria will compete for the Accelerating Innovation (AI) Award, offered by Space Florida totaling $100,000!
  Read More 

 
 
 Leading Venture Partners 




























































































































































































































 
SaveSave


 
 

Venture Headlines
Leading Utilities Bring Capital and Global Reach to Powerphase through Energy Impact Partners (EIP)
PR Newswire
June 22, 2017
When this Tampa tech startup pivoted its business plan, it boosted revenue 500 percent
Tampa Bay Business Journal
June 2, 2017

READ MORE


Sign Up For Email Updates From The Forum

Subscribe to our email newsletter for Forum events, updates, and venture capital resources.

Sign Up Now
For Email Newsletters you can trust.

 
SaveSave

 



 Corporate Members and Partner Organizations 
 







  
 
 
 
























Address

 
707 W. Azeele Street
    Tampa, FL 33606 

  
 info@floridaventureforum.org


 

Tel: 813-335-8116
    Fax: 888-375-7136

 







                        Recent Tweets
                    
Tweets by @flventure 







Partner Testimonials




"The Florida Venture Capital Conference is a must attend event!"
    - April Young, Managing Director, Hercules Technology Growth Capital


"The Florida Venture Forum’s annual Capital Conference is a must-attend event for investors, and companies seeking equity funding. We met one of our newest portfolio companies, Caresync, at the 2014 Capital Conference, and we look forward to meeting new emerging companies again at the coming 2015 event.” 
    - John Tullis, Partner, Tullis Health Investors


"The Florida Venture Forum has been a great support of ClassWallet. They have shown a true dedication to the Florida startup ecosystem.  ClassWallet has made many key connections through the Forum."
    - Jamie Rosenberg, CEO, ClassWallet


"The Florida Venture Forum Capital Conference proved to be the right catalyst for our recent capital raise.  CareSync was fortunate to be chosen to present at the convention and the coaching provided by the Forum helped us craft a presentation that drove a great amount of interest and booth traffic.” 
    - Scott Tappan, Executive Advisor, CareSync


"Winning the Florida Venture Forum's competition was further validation of our concept's ability to be able to go to market and be profitable.  The competition gave us the chance to pitch our idea to the investment community...”  More
    - Mark Slaughter, CEO, Cohealo 


"The Florida Venture Forum has been so valuable from a business development standpoint. The Conferences and programs proved marvelous networking opportunities.” 
    - Tim Norstrem, Principal, Norstrem Associates


"The Florida Venture Forum was key to securing our recent $3 million Series A investment. Not only did we meet our investors there, we benefitted greatly from a process that helped us strengthen our pitch..." More
- David Patrick Nixon, CEO, Informed Medical Decisions, Inc. 


"As a successful Florida based serial entrepreneur, the Florida Venture Forum has been an invaluable resource for my company..." More
- David Corey, CEO, Solicore


“The Florida Venture Forum is the go to organization for venture and private equity investors to build their network and connect with emerging growth companies in the State of Florida”
    - Richard Maclean, Managing Partner, Frontier Capital


"Deal sourcing in Florida can be challenging in this large and diverse state. The Florida Venture Forum brings together a terrific group of companies and last January introduced us to a new..." More
- Bard Geesaman, MD, PhD, Managing Director, MPM Capital


"I have had the privilege of serving on the Florida Venture Forum’s board for over ten years. There is no better conduit for finding great companies in Florida than the FVF..." More
     - Alan Taetle, General Partner, Noro-Moseley Partners 


“The Florida Venture Forum was a vital resource in developing, vetting and funding Channel Intelligence. Their forums provided a vital environment where we were able to come together with investors and share great ideas, innovation and technology. ”
     - Rob Wight, CEO, myList 


“When the Venture Forum was first formed, the organization, much like a startup company, anchored itself to established groups and picked strategic partners to guide them along the way. ”
     -Mick Lasher, President, Lasher Associates 


 







REGISTER TODAY!
Join hundreds of venture capitalists and private equity investors from across the U.S. and the world at the 26th Annual Florida Venture Capital Conference™, January 29 - 31, 2018 at the Marriott Harbor Beach Resort in Fort Lauderdale, FL! This is a must attend event not to be missed!
REGISTER












About 
Events 
Join 
Membership
Contact Us 











 



NEA | New Enterprise Associates








Skip to Navigation
Skip to Content






About

Portfolio

Companies
Resources
Talent
Technology Briefings
Programs & Events


Team
History
News
Contact

Login





See our Facebook



See our Twitter



See our LinkedIn




Search








Search

Search




NEA



Toggle Nav




















Announcing the new era of global mobility
MOVE Guides helps organizations rethink their mobile talent - the right people to the right place at the right time.



              Learn more about NEA and Technology


















Miles Beyond
Transfix is a trucking technology company that provides industry-transforming solutions to independent carriers and shippers 



              Learn more about Transfix and Technology
            

















Solving Fundamental Challenges in Oncology 
Personal Genome Diagnostics is revolutionizing cancer medicine through innovative genomic technologies. 



              Learn more about NEA and Biopharma
            

















2 million users, over $2 billion transacted. 
Robinhood is reinventing the finance industry by making the markets more accessible.



              Learn more about NEA and FinTech
            

















Making Healthcare Right. Together.
Bright Health is teaming brilliant minds and empathetic hearts to create meaningful change in the health space for members and Care Partners alike.



              Learn more about NEA and Healthcare Services


















Putting the customer at the heart of customer service. 
Gladly is helping customer service teams focus on people, instead of tickets or cases.



              Learn more about NEA and Technology


















Frame your story
Framebridge makes it simple and affordable to custom frame everything you love. 



              Learn more about NEA and Technology 
            

















Building a better healthcare experience 
Collective Health is a complete health benefits solution that helps the best companies in the U.S. take better care of their people.



              Learn more about NEA and Healthcare IT
            





Previous
Next








New Enterprise Associates is a global venture capital firm investing in technology and healthcare.



Menlo ParkWashington DCNew YorkChicagoChinaIndiaSan FranciscoBoston








NEA News

Follow NEA



        There's 'a massive market clamoring for practical quantum computers' and @IonQ_Inc is getting ready to deliver! prnewswire.com/news-releases/…
12 hours ago



greentechmedia.com/articles/read/…
18 hours ago



        IonQ raises $20M from NEA, GV to bring commercial quantum computers to market in 2018 on.wsj.com/2h1ZhQL pic.twitter.com/51fJ7GncGK
18 hours ago







Event


                Greg Papadopoulos featured at SVBJ’s Pitch Event

                
              


Event


                Vanessa Larco featured at Google Clould’s ML Startup Competition Finals

                
              


Blog


                Brandless:  Disrupting Everything in Consumer Packaged Goods

                
              


Portfolio News


                Cloudflare launches app development platform, announces $100M investment fund

                
                  TechCrunch



Portfolio News


                Drive.ai raises $50M for retrofit kits to bring self-driving to existing fleets

                
                  TechCrunch





More News Updates









News and Media
Limited Partner Login
Employee Loginopens in new window
Portfolio Company Login
Contact Us




See our Facebook



See our Twitter



See our LinkedIn




Copyright 2017
NEA Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Ask.com - What's Your Question?
















Ask.com



















            
Answers



|

Videos














Venture funding






Web Results



Venture capital - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venture_capital
Venture capital (VC) is a type of private equity, a form of financing that is provided 
by firms or funds to small, early-stage, emerging firms that are deemed to have ...



Venture Capital - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/terms/v/venturecapital.asp
Money provided by investors to startup firms and small businesses with 
perceived long-term growth potential. This is a very important source of funding 
for ...



How to Get Venture Funding








Source




                    Obtaining venture capital is one of the most challenging endeavors you will face in your lifetime. In order to even approach a venture capital firm you must ensure that your business has the proper corporate structure, an informative and...
                            More »


Source:
www.ehow.com

 




More Results »



What is venture funding?





Venture Capital Funds - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/terms/v/vcfund.asp
Venture capital funds are investment funds that manage the money of investors 
who seek private equity stakes in startup and small- to medium-sized enterprises
 ...



Venture round - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venture_round
A venture round is a type of funding round used for venture capital financing, by 
which startup companies obtain investment, generally from venture capitalists ...



Who Gets Venture Capital Funding? - Bloomberg.com

www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2016-who-gets-vc-funding
2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 63.3 51.3 29.8 26.5 29.8 17.3 
14.7 $20.1B Total U.S. Venture Capital Funding $47.1 (est) Source: Bloomberg ...




More Results »



Why did you decide to raise venture funding for your venture?





3 reasons your startup is struggling to raise venture capital - Mashable

mashable.com/2015/01/29/raising-venture-capital
Jan 29, 2015 ... 3 reasons your startup is struggling to raise venture capital .... Before you decide 
which type of funding to pursue, take the time to understand ...



[VC Unlocked] Why did you decide to participate in Venture Capital ...









www.ask.com/youtube?q=Why+did+you+decide+to+raise+venture+funding+for+your+venture%3F&v=-ljNQ5vtKAI
Jul 13, 2016 ... Learn more about 500 Startups here -- http://bit.ly/1hk8saq More about VC 
Unlocked @ 500.vc.





Why 99.95% Of Entrepreneurs Should Stop Wasting Time Seeking ...

www.forbes.com/sites/dileeprao/2013/07/22/why-99-95-of-entrepreneurs-should-stop-wasting-time-seeking-venture-capital
Jul 22, 2013 ... I focus on how entrepreneurs can grow without capital. I was a ... Are your odds 
better if you are an existing venture? ... As an example, Steve Shank, who built 
Capella University, decided to use his own savings and angel funding to reach a 
level of ... That's what most of the billion-dollar entrepreneurs did.




More Results »



Venture funding







1


2


3


4


5


Next










Related Search



                                Definition of Venture Funding




                                Define Series B Funding



















About


Privacy


Terms


Careers


Help


Feedback


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC
























Ask.com - What's Your Question?
















Ask.com



















            
Answers



|

Videos














+Venture +funding






Web Results



Venture Capital 101: A Crash Course – Startups & Venture Capital

startupsventurecapital.com/venture-capital-101-a-crash-course-ed80b0d87bd5
Jan 14, 2015 ... I love reading and learning about the venture capital industry, so I thought I would 
put together a little Q and A on the basics of the venture ...



Fund Structures for Angel Funds and Early Stage Seed Venture Funds

www.angelblog.net/Fund_Structures.html
As the it becomes increasingly obvious that the traditional Venture Capital model 
is broken, and as more angels start funds, there is a growing interest in the best ...



How to Get Venture Funding








Source




                    Obtaining venture capital is one of the most challenging endeavors you will face in your lifetime. In order to even approach a venture capital firm you must ensure that your business has the proper corporate structure, an informative and...
                            More »


Source:
www.ehow.com

 




More Results »



What is venture funding?





Venture Capital Funds - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/terms/v/vcfund.asp
Venture capital funds are investment funds that manage the money of investors 
who seek private equity stakes in startup and small- to medium-sized enterprises
 ...



Venture capital - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venture_capital
Most venture capital funds have a fixed life of 10 years, with the possibility of a 
few years of extensions to allow for private ...



Who Gets Venture Capital Funding? - Bloomberg.com

www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2016-who-gets-vc-funding
2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 63.3 51.3 29.8 26.5 29.8 17.3 
14.7 $20.1B Total U.S. Venture Capital Funding $47.1 (est) Source: Bloomberg ...




More Results »



Why did you decide to raise venture funding for your venture?





3 reasons your startup is struggling to raise venture capital - Mashable

mashable.com/2015/01/29/raising-venture-capital
Jan 29, 2015 ... 3 reasons your startup is struggling to raise venture capital .... Before you decide 
which type of funding to pursue, take the time to understand ...



[VC Unlocked] Why did you decide to participate in Venture Capital ...









www.ask.com/youtube?q=Why+did+you+decide+to+raise+venture+funding+for+your+venture%3F&v=-ljNQ5vtKAI
Jul 13, 2016 ... Learn more about 500 Startups here -- http://bit.ly/1hk8saq More about VC 
Unlocked @ 500.vc.





Why 99.95% Of Entrepreneurs Should Stop Wasting Time Seeking ...

www.forbes.com/sites/dileeprao/2013/07/22/why-99-95-of-entrepreneurs-should-stop-wasting-time-seeking-venture-capital
Jul 22, 2013 ... I focus on how entrepreneurs can grow without capital. I was a ... Are your odds 
better if you are an existing venture? ... As an example, Steve Shank, who built 
Capella University, decided to use his own savings and angel funding to reach a 
level of ... That's what most of the billion-dollar entrepreneurs did.




More Results »



+Venture +funding













Related Search



                                Definition of Venture Funding




                                Define Series B Funding



















About


Privacy


Terms


Careers


Help


Feedback


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC
























Ask.com - What's Your Question?
















Ask.com



















            
Answers



|

Videos














+Venture +funding






Web Results



Venture Capital 101: A Crash Course – Startups & Venture Capital

startupsventurecapital.com/venture-capital-101-a-crash-course-ed80b0d87bd5
Jan 14, 2015 ... I love reading and learning about the venture capital industry, so I thought I would 
put together a little Q and A on the basics of the venture ...



Fund Structures for Angel Funds and Early Stage Seed Venture Funds

www.angelblog.net/Fund_Structures.html
As the it becomes increasingly obvious that the traditional Venture Capital model 
is broken, and as more angels start funds, there is a growing interest in the best ...



How to Get Venture Funding








Source




                    Obtaining venture capital is one of the most challenging endeavors you will face in your lifetime. In order to even approach a venture capital firm you must ensure that your business has the proper corporate structure, an informative and...
                            More »


Source:
www.ehow.com

 




More Results »



What is venture funding?





Venture Capital Funds - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/terms/v/vcfund.asp
Venture capital funds are investment funds that manage the money of investors 
who seek private equity stakes in startup and small- to medium-sized enterprises
 ...



Venture capital - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venture_capital
Most venture capital funds have a fixed life of 10 years, with the possibility of a 
few years of extensions to allow for private ...



Who Gets Venture Capital Funding? - Bloomberg.com

www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2016-who-gets-vc-funding
2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 63.3 51.3 29.8 26.5 29.8 17.3 
14.7 $20.1B Total U.S. Venture Capital Funding $47.1 (est) Source: Bloomberg ...




More Results »



Why did you decide to raise venture funding for your venture?





3 reasons your startup is struggling to raise venture capital - Mashable

mashable.com/2015/01/29/raising-venture-capital
Jan 29, 2015 ... 3 reasons your startup is struggling to raise venture capital .... Before you decide 
which type of funding to pursue, take the time to understand ...



[VC Unlocked] Why did you decide to participate in Venture Capital ...









www.ask.com/youtube?q=Why+did+you+decide+to+raise+venture+funding+for+your+venture%3F&v=-ljNQ5vtKAI
Jul 13, 2016 ... Learn more about 500 Startups here -- http://bit.ly/1hk8saq More about VC 
Unlocked @ 500.vc.





Why 99.95% Of Entrepreneurs Should Stop Wasting Time Seeking ...

www.forbes.com/sites/dileeprao/2013/07/22/why-99-95-of-entrepreneurs-should-stop-wasting-time-seeking-venture-capital
Jul 22, 2013 ... I focus on how entrepreneurs can grow without capital. I was a ... Are your odds 
better if you are an existing venture? ... As an example, Steve Shank, who built 
Capella University, decided to use his own savings and angel funding to reach a 
level of ... That's what most of the billion-dollar entrepreneurs did.




More Results »



+Venture +funding













Related Search



                                Definition of Venture Funding




                                Define Series B Funding



















About


Privacy


Terms


Careers


Help


Feedback


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC
























Ask.com - What's Your Question?
















Ask.com



















            
Answers



|

Videos














+Venture +funding






Web Results



Venture Capital 101: A Crash Course – Startups & Venture Capital

startupsventurecapital.com/venture-capital-101-a-crash-course-ed80b0d87bd5
Jan 14, 2015 ... I love reading and learning about the venture capital industry, so I thought I would 
put together a little Q and A on the basics of the venture ...



Fund Structures for Angel Funds and Early Stage Seed Venture Funds

www.angelblog.net/Fund_Structures.html
As the it becomes increasingly obvious that the traditional Venture Capital model 
is broken, and as more angels start funds, there is a growing interest in the best ...



How to Get Venture Funding








Source




                    Obtaining venture capital is one of the most challenging endeavors you will face in your lifetime. In order to even approach a venture capital firm you must ensure that your business has the proper corporate structure, an informative and...
                            More »


Source:
www.ehow.com

 




More Results »



What is venture funding?





Venture Capital Funds - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/terms/v/vcfund.asp
Venture capital funds are investment funds that manage the money of investors 
who seek private equity stakes in startup and small- to medium-sized enterprises
 ...



Venture capital - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venture_capital
Most venture capital funds have a fixed life of 10 years, with the possibility of a 
few years of extensions to allow for private ...



Who Gets Venture Capital Funding? - Bloomberg.com

www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2016-who-gets-vc-funding
2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 63.3 51.3 29.8 26.5 29.8 17.3 
14.7 $20.1B Total U.S. Venture Capital Funding $47.1 (est) Source: Bloomberg ...




More Results »



Why did you decide to raise venture funding for your venture?





3 reasons your startup is struggling to raise venture capital - Mashable

mashable.com/2015/01/29/raising-venture-capital
Jan 29, 2015 ... 3 reasons your startup is struggling to raise venture capital .... Before you decide 
which type of funding to pursue, take the time to understand ...



[VC Unlocked] Why did you decide to participate in Venture Capital ...









www.ask.com/youtube?q=Why+did+you+decide+to+raise+venture+funding+for+your+venture%3F&v=-ljNQ5vtKAI
Jul 13, 2016 ... Learn more about 500 Startups here -- http://bit.ly/1hk8saq More about VC 
Unlocked @ 500.vc.





Why 99.95% Of Entrepreneurs Should Stop Wasting Time Seeking ...

www.forbes.com/sites/dileeprao/2013/07/22/why-99-95-of-entrepreneurs-should-stop-wasting-time-seeking-venture-capital
Jul 22, 2013 ... I focus on how entrepreneurs can grow without capital. I was a ... Are your odds 
better if you are an existing venture? ... As an example, Steve Shank, who built 
Capella University, decided to use his own savings and angel funding to reach a 
level of ... That's what most of the billion-dollar entrepreneurs did.




More Results »



+Venture +funding













Related Search



                                Definition of Venture Funding




                                Define Series B Funding



















About


Privacy


Terms


Careers


Help


Feedback


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC


















Small Business Credit Lines for Real WorldKabbageApply Now Application DashboardMenu Business LoansHow it WorksQualifyingTaking FundsMaking PaymentsWhat it CostsRates & TermsLoan CalculatorLearn MoreWhy KabbageUsing Your LoanCompare FundingSmall Business LoansCompanyPeopleCultureCareersKabbage KaresLeadershipKabbage PlatformPartnersPressLegal & ComplianceResourcesBlogKabbage StoriesSmall Business CenterRefer a BusinessCustomer PerksSupportHelp CenterContact KabbageSign In Sign Out888-986-8263Business LoansBusiness LoansHOW IT WORKSQualifyingTaking FundsMaking PaymentsLEARN MOREWhy KabbageUsing Your LoanCompare FundingSmall Business LoansWHAT IT COSTSRates & TermsLoan CalculatorCompanyCompanyCultureCareersKabbage KaresLeadershipKabbage PlatformPartnersPressLegal & ComplianceResourcesResourcesBlogKabbage StoriesSmall Business CenterRefer a BusinessCustomer PerksSupportSupportHelp CenterContact Kabbage888-986-8263support@kabbage.comApply Now Application DashboardSign In Sign OutSmall Business CreditLines for the Real WorldGet quick access to working capital with a Kabbage line of credit.Get quick access to working capital with a Kabbage line of credit.QUESTIONS? 888-986-8263There's a better way to fund your businessAccessing small business funding shouldn't be complicated or time-consuming, so Kabbage developed a simple way to get up to $150,000 in minutes.2 Watch videoup to a $150k line of credit1qualify in 10 minutes2choose 6 or 12 month terms3Minimum qualification requirementsTo qualify with Kabbage, you should be in business for at least one year and have a minimum of $50,000 in annual revenue or $4,200 per month over the last three months.2› Applying is Free › No Obligation to Take FundsYears inBusiness1 year +BusinessRevenue$50,000 Annually- or -$4,200 / Monthover the last 3 monthsHow a Kabbage line of credit works:1Apply anywhere in minutesEnter basic business information and link your revenue data online or through our mobile app.2Get a decision right awayWe'll review your business performance to let you know how much working capital you can access.3Start using your funds todayTake the amount you need now and come back whenever you need more capital to grow your business.find out moreQualifying Rates & TermsSmall business loans that fit your businessFlexible FundsYou decide when to use your funds and how much to take. As long as you have available funds, you can withdraw every time you need capital, up to once per day.Transparent TermsKabbage small business loans have simple, monthly payments with no origination fees or prepayment penalties. You can review your payment schedule before taking a loan so there won't be any surprises.Simple ProcessSecurely link your business information online to get an automatic financial review. This lets us evaluate your business right away without requiring you to track down financial statements.Convenient AccessWithdraw from your line by logging into your computer, using our mobile app or swiping your Kabbage Card. You'll have the security of a line of credit you can use whenever you need it, wherever you are.Trusted by ThousandsKabbage customers have securely connected more than 1 million data sources. We’re A+ rated by the Better Business Bureau and are TRUSTe certified for our commitment to customer privacy.Personal ServiceFrom applying to managing your account and making the most of your capital, our in-house team of experts is here to help when you need it.Why You'll Love Kabbagereal kabbage storiesRight Way SignsChes & Alex Perry / Chicago, ILChicago, ILWhen Right Way Signs needed extra capital to meet payroll during slow months, they were approved for a Kabbage line of credit within minutes. With extra time and capital, Ches and Alex are now able to focus on driving revenue and business growth.More Kabbage StoriesGet started now.Have working capital today.Minimum requirementsTo qualify for a small business loan, your business needs to be at least a year old. You should have revenues of $50,000 annually or $4,200 per month over the last three months. 4Get the Kabbage appApply, use your funds and manage your account right from your phone with the Kabbage app. It's the best funding you can get with two thumbs. We’ve provided over $3 billion in funding to more than 100,000 businesses.Qualifying for a Kabbage Loan | Get Funded with KabbageKabbageApply Now Application DashboardMenu Business LoansHow it WorksQualifyingTaking FundsMaking PaymentsWhat it CostsRates & TermsLoan CalculatorLearn MoreWhy KabbageUsing Your LoanCompare FundingSmall Business LoansCompanyPeopleCultureCareersKabbage KaresLeadershipKabbage PlatformPartnersPressLegal & ComplianceResourcesBlogKabbage StoriesSmall Business CenterRefer a BusinessCustomer PerksSupportHelp CenterContact KabbageSign In Sign Out888-986-8263Business LoansBusiness LoansHOW IT WORKSQualifyingTaking FundsMaking PaymentsLEARN MOREWhy KabbageUsing Your LoanCompare FundingSmall Business LoansWHAT IT COSTSRates & TermsLoan CalculatorCompanyCompanyCultureCareersKabbage KaresLeadershipKabbage PlatformPartnersPressLegal & ComplianceResourcesResourcesBlogKabbage StoriesSmall Business CenterRefer a BusinessCustomer PerksSupportSupportHelp CenterContact Kabbage888-986-8263support@kabbage.comApply Now Application DashboardSign In Sign OutQualifying for KabbageApply in minutes.Qualify in no time. Watch VideoQUESTIONS? 888-986-8263Spend time on yourbusiness — not paperworkKabbage looks at your business performance — not just a credit score — to let you know right away how much funding you can access.Apply NowMinimum qualification requirementsTo qualify with Kabbage, you should be in business for at least one year and have a minimum of $50,000 in annual revenue or $4,200 per month over the last three months.1› Applying is Free › No Obligation to Take FundsYears inBusiness1 year +BusinessRevenue$50,000 Annually- or -$4,200 / Monthover the last 3 monthsHow to apply for a Kabbage line of creditCreate a login and provide basic business informationEnter your email address and password so you can return to Kabbage anytime. Then enter your business name, type and industry to help us understand your business.Securely link yourbusiness accountsWhen you securely connect your bank account, we can review your revenue in a fraction of the time it takes traditional lenders.Popular ServicesSecurity is our first priority. We use the highest encryption standards to protect your accounts. We can never see or store your personal information.Get a decision right awayWe'll assess your business performance to let you know how much funding you can access.We analyze a variety of financial performance indicators like revenue consistency, cash flow and the business owner's consumer credit, so one factor won't necessarily keep you from qualifying.Apply NowTaking FundsWithdraw the amount you need, when you need it, from your computer or phone.Learn MoreMaking PaymentsKabbage loans have simple, monthly payments with no prepayment penalties or hidden fees.Learn More





Small Business Loans PLP | Kabbage Small Business Blog












































































     












Kabbage


Apply Now
Application
Dashboard


Menu









Sign In
Sign Out


888-986-8263







Apply Now
Application
Dashboard


Sign In
Sign
                            Out














Small Business Loans for the Real World 



Sign up now, and you could qualify for up to $150,000 in minutes!

Approval and funds in your account on the spot.
Flexible, ongoing access to your credit line anytime- anywhere.
No fees to apply or establish your line – pay fees only on the funds you use.





Apply Now

QUESTIONS? 888-986-8263 




There's a better way to fund your business


Accessing small business funding shouldn't be complicated or time-consuming, so Kabbage developed a simple way to get up to $150,000 in minutes.1


 Watch video





up to a
$150k
line of credit




qualify in
10
minutes1




choose
6 or 12
month terms2










Minimum qualification requirements
To qualify with Kabbage, you should be in business for at least one year and have a minimum of $50,000 in annual revenue or $4,200 per month over the last three months.1
› Applying is Free
› No Obligation to Take Funds



Years in Business
1 year +


Business Revenue

                                        $50,000 Annually
                                        
                                        - or -
                                        
                                        $4,200 / Month
                                        
over the last 3 months










How a Kabbage line of credit works:


1
Apply anywhere in minutes

Enter basic business information and link your revenue data online or through our mobile app.



2
Get a decision right away

We'll review your business performance to let you know how much working capital you can access.



3
Start using your funds today

Take the amount you need now and come back whenever you need more capital to grow your business.




find out more
Qualifying
Rates & Terms





Small business loans that fit your business














Flexible Funds


You decide when to use your funds and how much to take. As long as you have available funds, you can withdraw every time you need capital, up to once per day.







Transparent Terms


Kabbage small business loans have simple, monthly payments with no origination fees or prepayment penalties. You can review your payment schedule before taking a loan so there won't be any surprises.







Simple Process


Securely link your business information online to get an automatic financial review. This lets us evaluate your business right away without requiring you to track down financial statements.









Convenient Access


Withdraw from your line by logging into your computer, using our mobile app or swiping your Kabbage Card. You'll have the security of a line of credit you can use whenever you need it, wherever you are.







Trusted by Thousands


Kabbage customers have securely connected more than 1 million data sources. We’re A+ rated by the Better Business Bureau and are TRUSTe certified for our commitment to customer privacy.







Personal Service


From applying to managing your account and making the most of your capital, our in-house team of experts is here to help when you need it.



Why You'll Love Kabbage









real kabbage stories
Right Way Signs
Ches & Alex Perry / Chicago, IL
Chicago, IL


                                            When Right Way Signs needed extra capital to meet payroll during slow months, they were approved for a Kabbage line of credit within minutes. With extra time and capital, Ches and Alex are now able to focus on driving revenue and business growth.
                                        


More Kabbage Stories















                                Get started now.
                                
                                Have working capital today.
                            


Minimum requirements

                                        To qualify for a small business loan, your business needs to be at least a year old. You should have revenues of $50,000 annually or $4,200 per month over the last three months. 3 
                                    


Get the Kabbage app

                                        Apply, use your funds and manage your account right from your phone with the Kabbage app. It's the best funding you can get with two thumbs.
                                    






We’ve provided over 400 in funding to more than 100,000 businesses.



























































Business Line of Credit | Kabbage Small Business Blog












































































     












Kabbage


Apply Now
Application
Dashboard


Menu









Sign In
Sign Out


888-986-8263







Apply Now
Application
Dashboard


Sign In
Sign
                            Out














Small Business Loans for the Real World 



Sign up now, and you could qualify for up to $150,000 in minutes!

Approval and funds in your account on the spot.
Flexible, ongoing access to your credit line anytime- anywhere.
No fees to apply or establish your line – pay fees only on the funds you use.





Apply Now

QUESTIONS? 888-986-8263 




There's a better way to fund your business


Accessing small business funding shouldn't be complicated or time-consuming, so Kabbage developed a simple way to get up to $150,000 in minutes.1


 Watch video





up to a
$150k
line of credit




qualify in
10
minutes1




choose
6 or 12
month terms2










Minimum qualification requirements
To qualify with Kabbage, you should be in business for at least one year and have a minimum of $50,000 in annual revenue or $4,200 per month over the last three months.1
› Applying is Free
› No Obligation to Take Funds



Years in Business
1 year +


Business Revenue

                                        $50,000 Annually
                                        
                                        - or -
                                        
                                        $4,200 / Month
                                        
over the last 3 months










How a Kabbage line of credit works:


1
Apply anywhere in minutes

Enter basic business information and link your revenue data online or through our mobile app.



2
Get a decision right away

We'll review your business performance to let you know how much working capital you can access.



3
Start using your funds today

Take the amount you need now and come back whenever you need more capital to grow your business.




find out more
Qualifying
Rates & Terms





Small business loans that fit your business














Flexible Funds


You decide when to use your funds and how much to take. As long as you have available funds, you can withdraw every time you need capital, up to once per day.







Transparent Terms


Kabbage small business loans have simple, monthly payments with no origination fees or prepayment penalties. You can review your payment schedule before taking a loan so there won't be any surprises.







Simple Process


Securely link your business information online to get an automatic financial review. This lets us evaluate your business right away without requiring you to track down financial statements.









Convenient Access


Withdraw from your line by logging into your computer, using our mobile app or swiping your Kabbage Card. You'll have the security of a line of credit you can use whenever you need it, wherever you are.







Trusted by Thousands


Kabbage customers have securely connected more than 1 million data sources. We’re A+ rated by the Better Business Bureau and are TRUSTe certified for our commitment to customer privacy.







Personal Service


From applying to managing your account and making the most of your capital, our in-house team of experts is here to help when you need it.



Why You'll Love Kabbage









real kabbage stories
Right Way Signs
Ches & Alex Perry / Chicago, IL
Chicago, IL


                                            When Right Way Signs needed extra capital to meet payroll during slow months, they were approved for a Kabbage line of credit within minutes. With extra time and capital, Ches and Alex are now able to focus on driving revenue and business growth.
                                        


More Kabbage Stories















                                Get started now.
                                
                                Have working capital today.
                            


Minimum requirements

                                        To qualify for a small business loan, your business needs to be at least a year old. You should have revenues of $50,000 annually or $4,200 per month over the last three months. 3 
                                    


Get the Kabbage app

                                        Apply, use your funds and manage your account right from your phone with the Kabbage app. It's the best funding you can get with two thumbs.
                                    






We’ve provided over 400 in funding to more than 100,000 businesses.


























































funding new ventures - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Best Business Funding & Loan - We Approve & Fund Instantly



Ad
 ·
www.fastcapital360.com



Fast Business Funding - Get Approved in As Little as 24 Hours. Apply Now!


fastcapital360.com is rated


















Rated 5.0 out of 5.0

(369 reviews)





Apply Now



Reviews / Testimonials




Why Us?





Investors Get Funded Now - World's Leading Investor Network.



Ad
 ·
www.funded.com



World's Leading Investor Network. Get Connected Get Funded.com®




Get Venture Capital Funding - Get Venture Capital Funding.



Ad
 ·
www.ask.com/​Get Venture Capital Funding



Search Get Venture Capital Funding.





Ask a Question



Questions and Answers



Explore Q&A



Ask.com – What’s your Question?





Venture Capital Database - 5600+ profiles of VC & PE firms.



Ad
 ·
www.vcaonline.com



5600+ profiles of VC & PE firms. Export to Excel. Updated for 2017.




Searches related tofunding new ventures



venture capital funding


new ventures west


new venture definition



new ventures maine


new funding usa




Web Results

New Venture Finance: Startup Funding for Entrepreneurs ...

https://www.coursera.org/learn/startup-funding


New Venture Finance: Startup Funding for Entrepreneurs from University of Maryland, College Park. This course is for aspiring or active entrepreneurs who wants to ...


- New Venture Fund

www.newventurefund.org


New Venture Fund Global Health Advocacy Small Grants Initiative, Arabella, Arabella Philanthropic Investment Advisors, Strategic Guidance for Effective Philanthropy



About NVF



Project Directory



Project Incubation



Complex Hosted Projects



Funding for New Ventures | UM Ventures

www.umventures.org/for-inventors/new-ventures/funding


A variety of funding programs are available to fuel the commercial potential of our technologies.


Fundingnewventures : Funding New Ventures

fundingnewventures.com.cutestat.com


Funding New Ventures, Class 2: Primer on Non-Dilutive Funding: Grants, Funding New Ventures, Class 4: Angel Funding, Patreon Platform Helps Fund Creative Ventures ...


Venture capital financing - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venture_capital_financing


Venture capital financing is a type of ... who are specialized in financing new ventures ... the VC firm may stop their funding and the venture will have to ...


Financing a New Venture

innovationcentre.ca/.../uploads/2015/06/Financing-Your-New-Venture.pdf


• Essential to attracting outside funding • Personal funds invested are a sign of commitment by the entrepreneur sources are: ... Financing a New Venture: ...


small business funding - businessnewsdaily.com

www.businessnewsdaily.com/1733-small-business-financing-options-.html


Start Your Business Startup Funding. ... Venture capitalists. Venture capital is money that is given to help build new startups that are considered to have both high ...


Former SunEdison Solar Team Lands Funding for New Venture

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-06-27/former...


Summit Ridge Energy, a new solar company led by former employees of bankrupt SunEdison Inc., obtained funding to build, finance and acquire solar power ...


About New Venture Fund - New Venture Fund

www.newventurefund.org/about-nvf


New Venture Fund Global Health Advocacy Small Grants Initiative, Arabella, Arabella Philanthropic Investment Advisors, Strategic Guidance for Effective Philanthropy


Venture Capital | The U.S. Small Business Administration ...

https://www.sba.gov/.../venture-capital/venture-capital


Venture capital is a type of equity financing that addresses the funding needs of entrepreneurial companies ... Investing in new or very early companies inherently ...










Best Business Funding & Loan - We Approve & Fund Instantly



Ad
 ·
www.fastcapital360.com



Fast Business Funding - Get Approved in As Little as 24 Hours. Apply Now!


fastcapital360.com is rated


















Rated 5.0 out of 5.0

(369 reviews)





Apply Now



Reviews / Testimonials




Why Us?





Investors Get Funded Now - World's Leading Investor Network.



Ad
 ·
www.funded.com



World's Leading Investor Network. Get Connected Get Funded.com®




Get Venture Capital Funding - Get Venture Capital Funding.



Ad
 ·
www.ask.com/​Get Venture Capital Funding



Search Get Venture Capital Funding.





Ask a Question



Questions and Answers



Explore Q&A



Ask.com – What’s your Question?





Venture Capital Database - 5600+ profiles of VC & PE firms.



Ad
 ·
www.vcaonline.com



5600+ profiles of VC & PE firms. Export to Excel. Updated for 2017.



Searches related tofunding new ventures



venture capital funding


new ventures west


new venture definition



new ventures maine


new funding usa




12345Next















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








