






 New Amsterdam Partners
























































There are two sides to every investment story: One revealed in numbers, one grasped through insightful qualitative investigation. 




Fundamental and Quantitative Analysis We have built a process that fully capitalizes on both. 




Numbers alone can’t tell the whole story, but… ...to ignore the efficiencies that quantitative analysis can provide would seem unwise. 




Our clients are our partners. We view our client relationships as long-term alliances. 




We consider ESG & SRI factors for every company… …as it passes through the fundamental phase of our investment process. 




Sustainability:  We believe that companies should consider it as both a source of risk and opportunity within their business models and practices. 




The Wisdom of a Broader Vision New Amsterdam Partners has achieved a superior long-term track record by paying close attention to both sides of the investment story. 









































  Our People > Partners | New Amsterdam Partners














































Our People > Partners






MICHELLE CLAYMAN
CFA, Managing Partner & Chief Investment Officer
Michelle Clayman, CFA, is the Founder, Managing Partner & Chief Investment Officer of New Amsterdam Partners LLC, an institutional money management firm in New York. Ms. Clayman has been published in the Financial Analysts Journal, the Journal of Investing and NYSSA Financial Professionals’ Post, and is a frequent commentator on Bloomberg and other financial media. In addition, Ms. Clayman sits on the Boards of US SIF, the Society of Quantitative Analysts (of which she is a past President), and The Institute for Quantitative Research in Finance, and is a volunteer for the CFA Institute.
An active volunteer in her community, Ms. Clayman was a Girl Scout Leader for 17 years and now serves on the Board of the Girl Scouts of Greater New York. She is a member of the Dean’s Council at the Harvard Divinity School. Ms. Clayman is also Chair of the Advisory Council of Stanford University’s Institute for Gender Research and serves on the Dean’s Council at the Graduate School of Business. Ms. Clayman received a degree in Philosophy, Politics and Economics from Oxford University, England (MA (Oxon)), and an MBA from Stanford University, California.

NATHANIEL PAULL
CFA, Partner & Senior Portfolio Manager
Nathaniel Paull, CFA, Partner & Senior Portfolio Manager, received a BS in Business Administration magna cum laude from the University of Hartford in 1984 and an MBA from New York University in 1988. From 1987 to 1995, he worked as an Equity Portfolio Manager and Derivative Securities Analyst at Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. From 1984 to 1986, he worked as a Financial Analyst for United Technologies Corporation.
Mr. Paull has been a conference speaker and has been quoted in a variety of publications. Mr. Paull is a CFA Charterholder and member of the CFA Institute.

CHRISTOPHER BOWEN
Partner, Chief Compliance Officer & Head of Operations
Christopher Bowen, Partner, Head of Operations & Chief Compliance Officer, received a BA from Bucknell University in 1991 and an MBA from Fordham University in 2001. Mr. Bowen is a member of Beta Gamma Sigma (BGS) and Omicron Delta Epsilon (ODE). He has held previous positions as an Account Officer with the Bank of New York and as an Account Administrator at Chase Manhattan Bank.
 



Investment Process > Quantitative Analysis
> Fundamental Research
> Integrative Process

Want to know more? 
There's an abundance of information on our FAQ page and you can always reach out via email or by telephone.

 


































  Our Products | New Amsterdam Partners















































Our Products






Click on a product link below to view our product summary pages. You may download the latest version of Adobe Acrobat Reader for free by clicking on the logo below, if you do not already have it installed, to view it in Adobe® PDF format.

 
Large Cap Active Equity
GARP Strategy
Mid Cap Active Equity
GARP Strategy
Small-Mid Cap Active Equity
GARP Strategy
Large Cap Socially Responsible Active Equity
ESG and SRI Integration
Mid Cap Growth Socially Responsible Active Equity
ESG and SRI Integration
Mid Cap Value ESG/SRI Active Equity
ESG and SRI Integration
 






Investment Process > Quantitative Analysis
> Fundamental Research
> Integrative Process

Want to know more? 
There's an abundance of information on our FAQ page and you can always reach out via email or by telephone.

 


































  Contact | New Amsterdam Partners















































Contact










 
New Amsterdam Partners LLC
475 Park Avenue South
New York, NY 10016
TEL: (212) 689-1500
EMAIL: newamsterdam@napllc.com
 










Your Name (required)
 
Your Email (required)
 
Subject
 
Your Message
 








Investment Process > Quantitative Analysis
> Fundamental Research
> Integrative Process

Want to know more? 
There's an abundance of information on our FAQ page and you can always reach out via email or by telephone.

 







































  Our People > Senior Professionals | New Amsterdam Partners















































Our People > Senior Professionals






HUNG HOANG
CFA, Principal & Senior Equity Analyst
Hung Hoang, CFA, Principal & Senior Equity Analyst, received his Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1996 and an MBA and MS from Stanford University in 2001. Before joining New Amsterdam Partners, Mr. Hoang was a Senior Research Analyst for W.R. Hambrecht + Co. LLC from 2005 to 2006. From 2001 to 2005, he was an Associate Analyst for Banc of America Securities LLC. In 2000, Mr. Hoang was a Product Manager for Cisco Systems. Mr. Hoang began his investment career as a Business Associate for The Mitchell Madison Group. He is a mentor for inner-city Asian youths.
 

JOHN F. HINGHER
CFA, Principal & Senior Equity Analyst
John F. Hingher, CFA, Principal & Senior Equity Analyst, received his B.S. in Business Administration from Villanova University in 1989 and an MBA from Hofstra University in 1993. Prior to joining New Amsterdam Partners in October 2006, Mr. Hingher worked as a buy-side investment analyst for eight years at a family office, high-net worth portfolio management firm Rochdale Investment Management, and at institutional asset manager Capital Management Associates.  Mr. Hingher also spent five years as a sell-side equity analyst at Salomon Brothers and Standard & Poor’s.   Mr. Hingher began his investment career in 1990 as a securities analyst at fundamental financial database provider Market Guide, Inc.
 


WILLIAM LEE
CPA, Principal & Chief Financial Officer
William Lee, CPA, Principal & Chief Financial Officer, received his Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting and Finance from New York University in 1999. Prior to joining New Amsterdam Partners, Mr. Lee was an auditor for the Assurance and Advisory Business Services Group at Ernst & Young LLP. Mr. Lee is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants.
 




 
 






Investment Process > Quantitative Analysis
> Fundamental Research
> Integrative Process

Want to know more? 
There's an abundance of information on our FAQ page and you can always reach out via email or by telephone.

 


































  News | New Amsterdam Partners















































News






 In May 2015, Michelle R. Clayman, CFA, Managing Partner and CIO, was a panelist at the “Women in Investment Management: Best Ideas,” at Bloomberg’s “Equity Forum  2016: Beyond the New Normal.”
     Will cognitive diversity break the glass ceiling for women as fund managers?

http://www.bloomberg.com/professional/blog/will-cognitive-diversity-break-glass-ceiling-women-fund-managers/



 New Amsterdam Partners recognized in prestigious industry awards:
  * Best Women-Owned Investment Advisory Firm – USA
            * Best Small-Mid Cap Active Equity Strategy – USA
             [More about the award]


Michelle Clayman, CFA, Managing Partner & CIO, named one of the “Top 50 Women in Wealth” by AdvisorOne [LINK]
 

 New Amsterdam Partners Small-Mid Cap Active Equity strategy earns “PSN Top 
 Guns 5 Star Ranking”  [LINK]




 New Amsterdam Partners Mid Cap Active Equity strategy earns “PSN Top Guns 5 Star Ranking”  [LINK]

 

New Amsterdam Partners Mid Cap Active Equity strategy earns  “PSN Bull & Bear Master”  recognition [LINK]




 New Amsterdam Partners’ Mid Cap Active Equity, Mid Cap Growth Socially Responsible Active Equity & Small-Mid Cap Active Equity strategies recognized in
Lipper Marketplace Best Money Managers [LINK]
Michelle Clayman, CFA, Managing Partner & CIO, appointed to US SIF Board of Directors [LINK]
Michelle Clayman, CFA, Managing Partner & CIO quoted in U.S News & World Report,  “Why Mid-Caps Stand Out in This Slow-Growth Stretch,”, December 15, 2011 [LINK]
New Amsterdam Partners recognized among top U.S. Equity Managers for low cost trade execution for its clients by Institutional Investor [LINK]
New Amsterdam Partners ranks in the top 2.5% of U.S. equity managers in terms of trade cost management, according to Institutional Investor’s 2010 Transaction Cost Analysis survey [LINK]
 






Investment Process > Quantitative Analysis
> Fundamental Research
> Integrative Process

Want to know more? 
There's an abundance of information on our FAQ page and you can always reach out via email or by telephone.

 


































  Investment Philosophy > Quantitative Analysis | New Amsterdam Partners















































Investment Philosophy > Quantitative Analysis







Do the numbers tell a strong story?
The first step in our process is to quantify-with certain critical modifications-the research that traditional analysts perform by hand. We use our own model to rank a universe of over 10,000 stocks according to expected investment return. The top 100-ranked stocks are large-, mid- and small-cap companies with better-than-average profitability and long-term growth prospects selling at market or below-market multiples.
Our model does not consist of one simple screen or a combination of vendor-supplied screens; it is a truly proprietary approach to measuring expected investment returns. The model is the mathematical definition of expected return, rewritten in standard accounting variables. It takes into account the relationship between forecast growth and profitability as measured by return on equity on the one hand, and valuation ratios on the other. The inputs to this model are forecasts, developed algorithmically based on our proprietary research. This research adjusts consensus numbers to take into account Wall Street analysts’ overestimation bias and anomalous accounting items such as the frequency and magnitude of one time charges and unusual tax rates. The programs that perform these computations were originally written by Managing Partner & Chief Investment Officer, Michelle Clayman, CFA.
After the model ranks securities from highest to lowest in terms of expected return, we use a series of tools to allow us to better focus on the best opportunities. These metrics include:
 New Amsterdam Partners’ estimates (EPS Growth) > Consensus
We have determined through our backtesting that companies where our estimates on forecast growth are higher than the consensus tend to have positive earnings surprises, and therefore stock price outperformance.

 Favorable Zacks Scores Earnings Estimates
The Zacks indicator measures earnings surprise and upward revision, has proved valuable to us in our backtesting.

 High Corporate Innovation Score
Measures the increase in gross margins that are not attributable to increases in capital or headcount. We calculate a score for each company that emerges from the model. Our backtests indicates that those companies with higher relative scores tend to outperform.


 Short Interest Analysis
We make sure that we consider the counter-arguement against any name we are considering.

 Debt Analysis
We have always focused on company debt. We also make sure we understand the terms and nature of debt.
 






Investment Process > Quantitative Analysis
> Fundamental Research
> Integrative Process

Want to know more? 
There's an abundance of information on our FAQ page and you can always reach out via email or by telephone.

 


































  Our Products | New Amsterdam Partners















































Our Products






Click on a product link below to view our product summary pages. You may download the latest version of Adobe Acrobat Reader for free by clicking on the logo below, if you do not already have it installed, to view it in Adobe® PDF format.

 
Large Cap Active Equity
GARP Strategy
Mid Cap Active Equity
GARP Strategy
Small-Mid Cap Active Equity
GARP Strategy
Large Cap Socially Responsible Active Equity
ESG and SRI Integration
Mid Cap Growth Socially Responsible Active Equity
ESG and SRI Integration
Mid Cap Value ESG/SRI Active Equity
ESG and SRI Integration
 






Investment Process > Quantitative Analysis
> Fundamental Research
> Integrative Process

Want to know more? 
There's an abundance of information on our FAQ page and you can always reach out via email or by telephone.

 





























New Amsterdam Partners, LLC                                                                                              - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            New Amsterdam Partners, LLC
                                    



 





















N 


New Amsterdam Partners, LLC                                                                                             
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



475 PARK AVE S FL 20 NEW YORK, NY 10016
Get Directions



(212) 689-1500
www.napllc.com                                                                                          





Business Info



 Founded 1995
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $5,810,022.00
 Employee Count 29
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Michelle Clayman                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


New Amsterdam Partners, Llc                                                                                              was founded in 1995, and is located at 475 Park Ave S Fl 20 in New York. Additional information is available at www.napllc.com                                                                                           or by contacting Michelle Clayman                                                                                                         at (212) 689-1500. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







N

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.















 





403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.















 


























Biogen Inc. (BIIB) Position Increased by WINTON GROUP Ltd - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Biogen Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Biogen Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Kite Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:KITE) Raised to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc.					

Raytheon Company (NYSE:RTN) Upgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc.					

FireEye, Inc. (FEYE) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc.					

Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Immunomedics, Inc. (IMMU) to “Buy”					

Shopify Inc. (SHOP) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc.					

GW Pharmaceuticals PLC (GWPH) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research					

Reynolds American Inc (RAI) Given a $60.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts					

Northland Securities Analysts Give Diamondback Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:FANG) a $125.00 Price Target					

Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. (FCAU) Receives Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley					

Quintiles Transitional Holdings’ (Q) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC					

Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc. (GSBD) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research					

Global Partners LP (GLP) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

Thermo Fisher Scientific’s (NYSE:TMO) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC					

GTT Communications, Inc. (GTT) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

NVIDIA Corporation’s (NVDA) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity					

Rex Energy Corporation (NASDAQ:REXX) PT Set at $4.00 by Northland Securities					

Qiagen N.V.’s (QGEN) Overweight Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC					

Endeavour Silver Corporation (EXK) Upgraded to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

Resolute Energy Corporation (NYSE:REN) Given a $60.00 Price Target by Northland Securities Analysts					

H. Lundbeck A/S- (HLUYY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						Biogen Inc. (BIIB) Position Increased by WINTON GROUP Ltd					

						 July 14th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Mark Dietrich 


							Filed Under: Investing - SEC Filing Articles 






Tweet










WINTON GROUP Ltd increased its stake in shares of  Biogen Inc. (NASDAQ:BIIB) by 453.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 7,324 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock after buying an additional 6,001 shares during the period. WINTON GROUP Ltd’s holdings in Biogen were worth $2,293,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in BIIB. Barings LLC increased its position in  Biogen by 40.7% in the fourth quarter. Barings LLC now owns 15,136 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $4,292,000 after buying an additional 4,380 shares in the last quarter.  Boothbay Fund Management LLC increased its position in  Biogen by 15.0% in the fourth quarter. Boothbay Fund Management LLC now owns 1,847 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $524,000 after buying an additional 241 shares in the last quarter.  Cigna Investments Inc. New bought a new position in  Biogen during the fourth quarter valued at $2,315,000.  Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. increased its position in  Biogen by 44.5% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 7,743 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $2,203,000 after buying an additional 2,383 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Guggenheim Capital LLC increased its position in  Biogen by 7.9% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 329,979 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $93,576,000 after buying an additional 24,020 shares in the last quarter. 87.36% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 
Biogen Inc. (NASDAQ BIIB) opened at 278.36 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $59.04 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.43 and a beta of 0.78. Biogen Inc. has a one year low of $227.01 and a one year high of $307.76. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $259.24 and a 200-day moving average price of $274.78. 




Biogen (NASDAQ:BIIB) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The biotechnology company reported $5.20 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $4.97 by $0.23. Biogen had a return on equity of 38.17% and a net margin of 30.17%. The business had revenue of $2.81 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.73 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $4.79 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 3.1% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, analysts predict that  Biogen Inc. will post $20.47 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Biogen Inc. (BIIB) Position Increased by WINTON GROUP Ltd” was  published by Watch List News and is the property of of Watch List News. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this article can be accessed at https://www.watchlistnews.com/biogen-inc-biib-position-increased-by-winton-group-ltd/1436990.html. 
Several brokerages have commented on BIIB. Leerink Swann downgraded Biogen from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and set a $300.00 price objective on the stock. in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Morgan Stanley downgraded Biogen from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and cut their price objective for the company from $369.00 to $305.00 in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Vetr downgraded Biogen from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $310.46 price objective on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. Stifel Nicolaus upped their price objective on Biogen from $265.00 to $280.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG began coverage on Biogen in a research report on Friday, June 23rd. They issued a “buy” rating and a $315.00 price objective on the stock. Twelve analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, fourteen have given a buy rating and two have issued  a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $327.72.
In other Biogen news, Director Brian S. Posner sold 1,084 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $256.31, for a total transaction of $277,840.04. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 6,330 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,622,442.30. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Michel Vounatsos acquired 1,402 shares of Biogen stock in a transaction on Monday, May 1st. The shares were bought at an average cost of $271.35 per share, with a total value of $380,432.70. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 0.32% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
About Biogen
Biogen Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company focuses on discovering, developing, manufacturing and delivering therapies to people living with serious neurological, rare and autoimmune diseases. The Company markets products, including TECFIDERA, AVONEX, PLEGRIDY, TYSABRI, ZINBRYTA and FAMPYRA for multiple sclerosis (MS), FUMADERM for the treatment of severe plaque psoriasis and SPINRAZA for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy (SMA).
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BIIB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Biogen Inc. (NASDAQ:BIIB).



Receive News & Ratings for Biogen Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Biogen Inc. and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Mark Dietrich 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 










































﻿





























Capstone Asset Management Co. Lowers Position in Acuity Brands Inc (NYSE:AYI) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Acuity Brands Inc

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Acuity Brands Inc with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Capstone Asset Management Co. Lowers Position in Acuity Brands Inc (NYSE:AYI)
Atria Investments LLC Purchases 2,862 Shares of Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE:PRU)
Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Sells 2,857 Shares of Avery Dennison Corporation (AVY)
VeriSign, Inc. (VRSN) Shares Sold by Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX
CommVault Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CVLT) VP Brian Carolan Sells 4,000 Shares
Barrington Research Weighs in on CBS Corporation’s Q2 2017 Earnings (CBS)
Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Littelfuse, Inc. (NASDAQ:LFUS) Raised by Analyst
Critical Contrast: Deere & (DE) versus Allison Transmission Holdings (ALSN)
ImmunoGen, Inc. (NASDAQ:IMGN) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.40 Per Share
Capital Trust, Inc. (NYSE:BXMT) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research
Colin V. Reed Sells 10,000 Shares of Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc. (NYSE:RHP) Stock
Cowen and Company Reiterates “$60.00” Price Target for Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:APC)
Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:APC) Stake Reduced by Salem Capital Management Inc.
TNB Financial Acquires 3,499 Shares of Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL)
BT Group PLC (NYSE:BT) PT Lowered to GBX 240 at BNP Paribas
Paychex, Inc. (NASDAQ:PAYX) Stake Increased by Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC
Hexavest Inc. Raises Stake in Infosys Ltd (INFY)
Tower International, Inc. (NYSE:TOWR) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts
Celestica, Inc. (CLS) Position Increased by Hexavest Inc.
Factory Mutual Insurance Co. Continues to Hold Position in Discovery Communications, Inc. (DISCA)







Capstone Asset Management Co. Lowers Position in Acuity Brands Inc (NYSE:AYI)


					Posted by Lucas Kauffman on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments




Capstone Asset Management Co. reduced its stake in shares of  Acuity Brands Inc (NYSE:AYI) by 2.6% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 5,605 shares of the electronics maker’s stock after selling 149 shares during the period. Capstone Asset Management Co.’s holdings in Acuity Brands were worth $1,139,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Several other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Tudor Investment Corp ET AL purchased a new stake in shares of  Acuity Brands during the first quarter valued at approximately $3,203,000.  Congress Asset Management Co. MA increased its stake in shares of  Acuity Brands by 18.5% in the first quarter. Congress Asset Management Co. MA now owns 466,387 shares of the electronics maker’s stock valued at $95,143,000 after buying an additional 72,735 shares in the last quarter.  1st Global Advisors Inc. increased its stake in shares of  Acuity Brands by 118.4% in the first quarter. 1st Global Advisors Inc. now owns 9,372 shares of the electronics maker’s stock valued at $1,912,000 after buying an additional 5,081 shares in the last quarter.  Nippon Life Global Investors Americas Inc. increased its stake in shares of  Acuity Brands by 77.1% in the first quarter. Nippon Life Global Investors Americas Inc. now owns 74,330 shares of the electronics maker’s stock valued at $15,163,000 after buying an additional 32,370 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. increased its stake in shares of  Acuity Brands by 2.7% in the first quarter. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 38,023 shares of the electronics maker’s stock valued at $7,757,000 after buying an additional 996 shares in the last quarter. 


 Get Acuity Brands Inc alerts:



Acuity Brands Inc (AYI) opened at 203.50 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $186.57 and a 200-day moving average price of $194.46. The stock has a market cap of $8.77 billion, a P/E ratio of 28.39 and a beta of 1.42. Acuity Brands Inc has a 52 week low of $157.33 and a 52 week high of $280.89. 





Acuity Brands (NYSE:AYI) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, June 29th. The electronics maker reported $2.15 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.03 by $0.12. Acuity Brands had a net margin of 9.04% and a return on equity of 19.89%. The firm had revenue of $891.60 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $878.66 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $2.06 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.7% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, equities analysts anticipate that  Acuity Brands Inc will post $8.31 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
Acuity Brands announced that its board has approved a share buyback plan on Thursday, June 29th that permits the company to buyback 2,000,000 outstanding  shares. This buyback authorization permits the electronics maker to reacquire shares of its stock through open market purchases. Stock  buyback plans are typically an indication that the company’s leadership believes its stock is undervalued. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 1st. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, July 18th will be issued a dividend of $0.13 per share. This represents a $0.52 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.26%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, July 14th. Acuity Brands’s payout ratio is 7.24%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was originally  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/21/capstone-asset-management-co-lowers-position-in-acuity-brands-inc-nyseayi.html. 
Several analysts have recently commented on AYI shares. Canaccord Genuity  restated a “buy” rating on shares of Acuity Brands in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Roth Capital  restated a “sell” rating and issued a $150.00 target price on shares of Acuity Brands in a research note on Friday, March 31st. Deutsche Bank AG  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $215.00 target price (down from $245.00) on shares of Acuity Brands in a research note on Tuesday, May 30th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Acuity Brands from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, July 6th. Finally, Robert W. Baird reduced their target price on Acuity Brands from $242.00 to $200.00 and set an “outperform” rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $219.00.
In other news, EVP Mark A. Black sold 5,427 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, July 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $205.29, for a total transaction of $1,114,108.83. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Peter C. Browning sold 970 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, July 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $200.05, for a total transaction of $194,048.50. Following the sale, the director now owns 1,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $200,050. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own  1.40% of the company’s stock. 
Acuity Brands Company Profile
Acuity Brands, Inc is a provider of lighting solutions for commercial, institutional, industrial, infrastructure and residential applications throughout North America and other international markets. The Company operates through North American segment. The Company offers a portfolio of indoor and outdoor lighting and building management solutions for commercial, institutional, industrial, infrastructure and residential applications.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AYI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Acuity Brands Inc (NYSE:AYI).







Receive News & Ratings for Acuity Brands Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acuity Brands Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 


















































 New Amsterdam Partners
























































There are two sides to every investment story: One revealed in numbers, one grasped through insightful qualitative investigation. 




Fundamental and Quantitative Analysis We have built a process that fully capitalizes on both. 




Numbers alone can’t tell the whole story, but… ...to ignore the efficiencies that quantitative analysis can provide would seem unwise. 




Our clients are our partners. We view our client relationships as long-term alliances. 




We consider ESG & SRI factors for every company… …as it passes through the fundamental phase of our investment process. 




Sustainability:  We believe that companies should consider it as both a source of risk and opportunity within their business models and practices. 




The Wisdom of a Broader Vision New Amsterdam Partners has achieved a superior long-term track record by paying close attention to both sides of the investment story. 


































 























































New Amsterdam Partners - 475 Park Ave S, Murray Hill, New York, NY - Phone Number - Yelp

  





















                        Skip to Search Form
                    xesddtbetbzqu



                        Skip to Navigation
                    



                        Skip to Page Content
                    








Yelp











Find












Near
















                            Cancel
    









Search




































                    Sign Up
    



            Log In
        

























                            Login
    



                            Sign Up
    










About Me
            
















Talk
            




































            Restaurants

        











            Nightlife

        











            Home Services

                












                Air Conditioning & Heating
        





                Contractors
        





                Electricians
        





                Home Cleaners
        





                Landscapers
        





                Locksmiths
        





                Movers
        





                Painters
        





                Plumbers
        














            Write a Review

        






            Events

        






            Talk

        







            Log In
        











 












475 Park Ave SNew York, NY 10016


        (212) 689-1500
    






            New Amsterdam Partners
        






Unclaimed
        


This business has not yet been claimed by the owner or a representative.
Claim this business to view business statistics, receive messages from prospective customers, and respond to reviews.









        Add
        , Opens a popup

Add categories













Write a Review
    







            Add Photo
    






Share
, Opens a popup







Bookmark
, Opens a popup




















Transit information
show less



            4
        

            6
        

            6X
        
33 St.

            0.05 mi
        



            N
        

            R
        
28 St.

            0.34 mi
        



            B
        

            D
        

            F
        

            M
        

            N
        

            Q
        

            R
        
34 St. - Herald Sq

            0.42 mi
        





Get directions













































Swap start/end points
Start from












Start from
Swap start/end points











New Amsterdam Partners


        475 Park Ave S, New York, NY 10016
    




Get directions


























Edit




        475 Park Ave SNew York, NY 10016
    


            Midtown East, Murray Hill        









Get Directions









Transit information


            4
        

            6
        

            6X
        

33 St.         and 2 more stations









Phone number

        (212) 689-1500
    








Send to your Phone











Is this your business?
Respond to reviews and customer messages.Claiming is free, and only takes a minute.
Claim This Business

























Ask the Community


                Yelp users haven’t asked any questions yet about New Amsterdam Partners.
            
Ask a Question













Rating



1 (Eek! Methinks not.)



2 (Meh. I've experienced better.)



3 (A-OK.)



4 (Yay! I'm a fan.)



5 (Woohoo! As good as it gets!)






                    Hey there trendsetter! You could be the first review for New Amsterdam Partners.
                





Is this your business?






Once you’ve claimed, you can:

Immediately update business information
Respond to reviews and customer messages
See the customer leads your business page generates
Monitor how many people view your business page

Claim This Business









Business info summary











Edit business info








            Hours
        





Add business hours
    


Browse nearby








Restaurants









Nightlife









Shopping









Show all











Rating Details





                    5 stars
                





0






                    4 stars
                





0






                    3 stars
                





0






                    2 stars
                





0






                    1 star
                





0





We calculate the overall star rating using only reviews that our automated software currently recommends. Learn more.




Text to Phone












                    Oops, looks like something’s wrong. Try again!
                


×














                    Are you a human? Please complete the bot challenge below.
                


×














Sent! Check your phone to view the link now!
                


×


















New Amsterdam Partners



New York, NY




Text a link to your phone so you can quickly get directions, see photos, and read reviews on the go!





+1






















Text Link


                            Your carrier’s rates may apply
                        

















About


About Yelp


Order Food on Eat24


Careers


Press


Investor Relations


Content Guidelines


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Ad Choices






Discover


The Local Yelp


Yelp Blog


Support


Yelp Mobile


Developers


RSS






Yelp for Business Owners


Claim your Business Page


Advertise on Yelp


Online Ordering from Eat24


Yelp Reservations


Business Success Stories


Business Support


Yelp Blog for Business Owners







Languages


















                Bahasa Malaysia (Malaysia)
        







                Čeština (Česká republika)
        







                Dansk (Danmark)
        







                Deutsch (Deutschland)
        





                Deutsch (Schweiz)
        





                Deutsch (Österreich)
        







                English (Australia)
        





                English (Belgium)
        





                English (Canada)
        





                English (Hong Kong)
        





                English (Malaysia)
        





                English (New Zealand)
        





                English (Philippines)
        





                English (Republic of Ireland)
        





                English (Singapore)
        





                English (Switzerland)
        





                English (United Kingdom)
        





                English (United States)
        







                Español (Argentina)
        





                Español (Chile)
        





                Español (España)
        





                Español (México)
        







                Filipino (Pilipinas)
        







                Français (Belgique)
        





                Français (Canada)
        





                Français (France)
        





                Français (Suisse)
        







                Italiano (Italia)
        





                Italiano (Svizzera)
        







                Nederlands (België)
        





                Nederlands (Nederland)
        







                Norsk (Norge)
        







                Polski (Polska)
        







                Português (Brasil)
        





                Português (Portugal)
        







                Suomi (Suomi)
        







                Svenska (Finland)
        





                Svenska (Sverige)
        







                Türkçe (Türkiye)
        







                日本語 (日本)
        







                繁體中文 (台灣)
        





                繁體中文 (香港)
        









Countries


















                Argentina
        







                Australia
        







                Austria
        







                Belgium
        







                Brazil
        







                Canada
        







                Chile
        







                Czech Republic
        







                Denmark
        







                Finland
        







                France
        







                Germany
        







                Hong Kong
        







                Italy
        







                Japan
        







                Malaysia
        







                Mexico
        







                New Zealand
        







                Norway
        







                Philippines
        







                Poland
        







                Portugal
        







                Republic of Ireland
        







                Singapore
        







                Spain
        







                Sweden
        







                Switzerland
        







                Taiwan
        







                The Netherlands
        







                Turkey
        







                United Kingdom
        







                United States
        













Site Map

Atlanta
Austin
Boston
Chicago
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Honolulu
Houston
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Portland
Sacramento
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
Seattle
Washington, DC
More Cities






About


Blog


Support


Terms





            Copyright © 2004–2017 Yelp Inc. Yelp, ,  and related marks are registered trademarks of Yelp.
    


















































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


