










 




Newbelco SA/NV














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Related Companies

American Brewing Company, Inc.
American Craft Brewing Intl
Anheuser-Busch
Anheuser-Busch InBev Worldwide Inc.
Anheuser-Busch Inbev Sa
Athena Silver Corp
Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits, Inc.
Big Rock Brewery Income Tr
Cbr Brewing Co Inc
China New Borun Corp.
Compania Cervecerias Unidas
Coors Brewing Co
Cruzan International Inc
Drewrys Brewing Co
Evans Brewing Co Inc.



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


Newbelco SA/NV




Newbelco SA/NV





      Loading...
    





Standard IndustryClassification
Malt beveragesAddress

Rue Royale 97 4Th Floor, Brussels, C9 1000
Phone
32(0)22092200



Sample Contracts



Newbelco SA/NV –
Indenture
(May 15th, 2017)
INDENTURE, dated as of May 15, 2017, between Anheuser-Busch InBev Finance Inc., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein called the Company), Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV, a societe anonyme/naamloze vennootschap duly organized and existing under the laws of the Kingdom of Belgium (herein called the Parent Guarantor), the Subsidiaries of the Parent Guarantor party hereto from time to time, as Subsidiary Guarantors, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., a national banking association, as Trustee (herein called the Trustee).



Newbelco SA/NV –
ANHEUSER-BUSCH INBEV SA/NV - And - ALTRIA GROUP, INC. INFORMATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT DATED NOVEMBER 11, 2015
(March 22nd, 2017)




Newbelco SA/NV –
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT by and Among Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV and the
Holders (As Defined Herein) Dated as of October 10, 2016
(March 22nd, 2017)
THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of October 10, 2016 by and among ANHEUSER-BUSCH INBEV SA/NV, a public limited liability company (societe anonyme/naamloze vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom of Belgium (the Company) and the Restricted Shareholders listed on Schedule 1 hereto (together with any other holders or beneficial owners of Restricted Shares and/or their Permitted Transferees that accede as parties to this Agreement in accordance with Section 12, the Holders and individually, each a Holder).



Newbelco SA/NV –
United States District Court for the District of Columbia
(August 26th, 2016)
WHEREAS, Plaintiff, United States of America (United States) filed its Complaint on July 20, 2016, the United States and Defendants, by their respective attorneys, have consented to entry of this Final Judgment without trial or adjudication of any issue of fact or law, and without this Final Judgment constituting any evidence against or admission by any party regarding any issue of fact or law;



Newbelco SA/NV –
Amendment No. 1 to Purchase Agreement
(August 26th, 2016)
THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Amendment) is made and entered into as of March 25, 2016 by and between ANHEUSER-BUSCH INBEV SA/NV, a public company organized under the laws of Belgium (ABI), and MOLSON COORS BREWING COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (Buyer). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement (as defined below).



Newbelco SA/NV –
United States District Court for the District of Columbia
(August 16th, 2016)
WHEREAS, Plaintiff, United States of America (United States) filed its Complaint on July 20, 2016, the United States and Defendants, by their respective attorneys, have consented to entry of this Final Judgment without trial or adjudication of any issue of fact or law, and without this Final Judgment constituting any evidence against or admission by any party regarding any issue of fact or law;



Newbelco SA/NV –
Amendment No. 1 to Purchase Agreement
(August 16th, 2016)
THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Amendment) is made and entered into as of March 25, 2016 by and between ANHEUSER-BUSCH INBEV SA/NV, a public company organized under the laws of Belgium (ABI), and MOLSON COORS BREWING COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (Buyer). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement (as defined below).



Newbelco SA/NV –
Amendment No. 1 to Purchase Agreement
(July 1st, 2016)
THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Amendment) is made and entered into as of March 25, 2016 by and between ANHEUSER-BUSCH INBEV SA/NV, a public company organized under the laws of Belgium (ABI), and MOLSON COORS BREWING COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (Buyer). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement (as defined below).



Newbelco SA/NV –
Amendment No. 1 to Purchase Agreement
(May 16th, 2016)
THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Amendment) is made and entered into as of March 25, 2016 by and between ANHEUSER-BUSCH INBEV SA/NV, a public company organized under the laws of Belgium (ABI), and MOLSON COORS BREWING COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (Buyer). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement (as defined below).













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










		SABMiller & Newbelco shareholder meeting results - RNS - London Stock Exchange

 






 




 



Regulatory Story


Go to market news section

  
			
			











Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV  -  92PG   
SABMiller & Newbelco shareholder meeting results
Released 11:06 28-Sep-2016

















RNS Number : 0774L Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV 28 September 2016  

The enclosed information constitutes regulated information as defined in the Belgian Royal Decree of 14 November 2007 regarding the duties of issuers of financial instruments which have been admitted for trading on a regulated market.
 
NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF THAT JURISDICTION. 
 
ANHEUSER-BUSCH INBEV WELCOMES SABMILLER AND NEWBELCO SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL FOR COMBINATION
 
Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV ("AB InBev") (Euronext: ABI) (NYSE: BUD) (MEXBOL: ABI) (JSE: ANB) welcomes the approval of both SABMiller and Newbelco shareholders of the proposed combination between AB InBev and SABMiller plc ("SABMiller") (the "Combination") at the UK Scheme Court Meeting, SABMiller General Meeting and Newbelco General Meeting (respectively).
 
SABMiller shareholders voted to approve:
 
-     the UK Scheme at the UK Scheme Court Meeting (as previously announced, Altria and BEVCO have irrevocably undertaken pursuant to the terms of their irrevocable undertakings to separately consent to the UK Scheme and did not vote at the UK Scheme Court Meeting); and
 
-     the SABMiller Resolution to implement the UK Scheme at the SABMiller General Meeting.
 
Newbelco shareholders voted to approve the Newbelco Resolutions to approve and implement the Combination at the Newbelco General Meeting.
 
Full details of all resolutions passed are set out in the notices of the UK Scheme Court Meeting and the SABMiller General Meeting in the UK Scheme Document, and in Newbelco's convening notice to attend the Newbelco General Meeting, each of which are available at www.ab-inbev.com. 
 
Following AB InBev's announcement earlier today of the results of the AB InBev General Meeting, AB InBev now confirms that all required shareholder approvals for the Combination have been obtained. The expected timetable of principal events remains as announced by AB InBev earlier today.
 
The Combination is expected to complete on 10 October 2016, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions as set out in Part V of the UK Scheme Document.
 
Defined terms used but not defined in this announcement have the meanings set out in the scheme document published by SABMiller on 26 August 2016 (the "UK Scheme Document"). Summaries of the terms of the Altria Irrevocable and the BEVCO Irrevocable are set out in the UK Scheme Document.
 
English, French and Dutch versions of this press release will be available on www.ab-inbev.com.
 
 
 

About Anheuser-Busch InBev 
Anheuser-Busch InBev is a publicly traded company (Euronext: ABI) based in Leuven, Belgium, with secondary listings on the Mexico (MEXBOL: ABI) and South Africa (JSE: ANB) stock exchanges and with American Depositary Receipts on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BUD). It is the leading global brewer and one of the world's top five consumer products companies. Beer, the original social network, has been bringing people together for thousands of years and the company's portfolio of well over 200 beer brands continues to forge strong connections with consumers. This includes global brands Budweiser®, Corona® and Stella Artois®; international brands Beck's®, Leffe® and Hoegaarden®; and local champions Bud Light®, Skol®, Brahma®, Antarctica®, Quilmes®, Victoria®, Modelo Especial®, Michelob Ultra®, Harbin®, Sedrin®, Klinskoye®, Sibirskaya Korona®, Chernigivske®, Cass® and Jupiler®. Anheuser-Busch InBev's dedication to quality goes back to a brewing tradition of more than 600 years and the Den Hoorn brewery in Leuven, Belgium, as well as the pioneering spirit of the Anheuser & Co brewery, with origins in St. Louis, USA since 1852. Geographically diversified with a balanced exposure to developed and developing markets, Anheuser Busch InBev leverages the collective strengths of more than 150,000 employees based in 26 countries worldwide. In 2015, AB InBev realized 43.6 billion US dollar revenue. The company strives to be the Best Beer Company Bringing People Together For a Better World. For more information, please visit: www.ab-inbev.com.

 
 




CONTACTS




 
Media


  


 
Investors


 




 


 


 




Marianne Amssoms
Tel: +1-212-573-9281
E-mail: marianne.amssoms@ab-inbev.com


  


Graham Staley
Tel: +1-212-573-4365
E-mail: graham.staley@ab-inbev.com


 




 


 


 




Karen Couck
Tel: +1-212-573-9283
E-mail: karen.couck@ab-inbev.com
 
Kathleen Van Boxelaer
Tel: +32-16-27-68-23
E-mail: kathleen.vanboxelaer@ab-inbev.com 


  


Heiko Vulsieck
Tel: +32-16-27-68-88
E-mail: heiko.vulsieck@ab-inbev.com
 
Lauren Abbott
Tel: +1-212-573-9287
E-mail: lauren.abbott@ab-inbev.com
 


 




 
AB InBev Communications Adviser - Brunswick
 
Steve Lipin (Brunswick Group US)
Tel: +1 212 333 3810
E-mail: slipin@brunswickgroup.com 
 
Katie Ioanilli (Brunswick Group UK)
Tel: +44 20 7404 5959
E-mail: kioanilli@brunswickgroup.com 
 
 
European Shareholder Helpline - Georgeson
 
Free phone number 00800 3814 3814
Toll number +44 (0)117 3785 209


 


 


 




 
 




NOTES




 

Disclosure requirements of the Code
 
Under Rule 8.3(a) of the Code, any person who is interested in 1% or more of any class of relevant securities of an offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror (being any offeror other than an offeror in respect of which it has been announced that its offer is, or is likely to be, solely in cash) must make an Opening Position Disclosure following the commencement of the offer period and, if later, following the announcement in which any securities exchange offeror is first identified. An Opening Position Disclosure must contain details of the person's interests and short positions in, and rights to subscribe for, any relevant securities of each of (i) the offeree company and (ii) any securities exchange offeror(s). An Opening Position Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(a) applies must be made by no later than 3.30 pm (London time) on the 10th business day following the commencement of the offer period and, if appropriate, by no later than 3.30 pm (London time) on the 10th business day following the announcement in which any securities exchange offeror is first identified. Relevant persons who deal in the relevant securities of the offeree company or of a securities exchange offeror prior to the deadline for making an Opening Position Disclosure must instead make a Dealing Disclosure.
 
Under Rule 8.3(b) of the Code, any person who is, or becomes, interested in 1% or more of any class of relevant securities of the offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror must make a Dealing Disclosure if the person deals in any relevant securities of the offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror. A Dealing Disclosure must contain details of the dealing concerned and of the person's interests and short positions in, and rights to subscribe for, any relevant securities of each of (i) the offeree company and (ii) any securities exchange offeror(s), save to the extent that these details have previously been disclosed under Rule 8. A Dealing Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(b) applies must be made by no later than 3.30 pm (London time) on the business day following the date of the relevant dealing.
 
If two or more persons act together pursuant to an agreement or understanding, whether formal or informal, to acquire or control an interest in relevant securities of an offeree company or a securities exchange offeror, they will be deemed to be a single person for the purpose of Rule 8.3.
 
Opening Position Disclosures must also be made by the offeree company and by any offeror and Dealing Disclosures must also be made by the offeree company, by any offeror and by any persons acting in concert with any of them (see Rules 8.1, 8.2 and 8.4).
 
Details of the offeree and offeror companies in respect of whose relevant securities Opening Position Disclosures and Dealing Disclosures must be made can be found in the Disclosure Table on the Takeover Panel's website at www.thetakeoverpanel.org.uk, including details of the number of relevant securities in issue, when the offer period commenced and when any offeror was first identified. You should contact the Panel's Market Surveillance Unit on +44 (0)20 7638 0129 if you are in any doubt as to whether you are required to make an Opening Position Disclosure or a Dealing Disclosure.

 
 

Forward Looking Statements
 
This press release contains "forward-looking statements".  These statements are based on the current expectations and views of future events and developments of the management of AB InBev and are naturally subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances.  The forward-looking statements contained in this release include statements relating to AB InBev's proposed business combination with  SABMiller (including with respect to the expected timing and scope of these transactions), and other statements other than historical facts. Forward-looking statements include statements typically containing words such as "will", "may", "should", "believe", "intends", "expects", "anticipates", "targets", "estimates", "likely", "foresees" and words of similar import.  All statements other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect the current views of the management of AB InBev, are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties about AB InBev and SABMiller and are dependent on many factors, some of which are outside of AB InBev's control. There are important factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different, including the satisfaction of the conditions to the transactions described herein, the ability to obtain the regulatory approvals related to the transactions and the ability to satisfy any conditions required to obtain such approvals, and the risks relating to AB InBev described under Item 3.D of its Annual Report on Form 20-F ("Form 20-F") filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on 14 March 2016, the principal risks described on pages 16 to 17 of SABMiller's Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2016 and the risks described under "Risk Factors" of Newbelco's Registration Statement on Form F-4, filed with the SEC on 26 August 2016. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. There can be no certainty that the proposed transactions will be completed on the terms described herein or at all.
  
The forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included elsewhere, including AB InBev's most recent Form 20-F, Newbelco's Registration Statement on Form F-4, reports furnished on Form 6-K, and any other documents that AB InBev, SABMiller or Newbelco have made public. Any forward-looking statements made in this communication are qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements, and there can be no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated by AB InBev will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences to, or effects on, AB InBev or its business or operations. Except as required by law, AB InBev undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
Future SEC Filings and This Filing: Important Information
 
In connection with the business combination of AB InBev and SABMiller, Newbelco SA/NV (a Belgian limited liability company formed for the purposes of such transaction) filed a registration statement on Form F-4, which includes a prospectus, with the SEC on 26 August 2016. The prospectus has been mailed to the holders of American Depositary Shares of AB InBev and holders of ordinary shares of AB InBev (other than holders of ordinary shares of AB InBev who are non-U.S. persons (as defined in the applicable rules of the SEC)). INVESTORS ARE URGED TO READ THE PROSPECTUS AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED OR TO BE FILED WITH THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE, BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT AB INBEV, SABMILLER, NEWBELCO, THE TRANSACTION AND RELATED MATTERS. Investors will be able to obtain a free copy of the prospectus and other such filings without charge, on the SEC's website (http://www.sec.gov) once such documents are filed with the SEC. Copies of such documents may also be obtained from AB InBev, without charge, once they are filed with the SEC.
 
Notice to US investors
 
US holders of SABMiller shares should note that the steps of any transaction requiring approval by SABMiller shareholders is expected to be implemented under a UK scheme of arrangement provided for under English company law.  As such, it is expected that any shares to be issued under the transaction to SABMiller shareholders will be issued in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the US Securities Act of 1933, provided by Section 3(a)(10) thereof and will be subject to UK disclosure requirements (which are different from those of the United States). The transaction may instead be implemented by way of a takeover offer under English law.  If so, any securities to be issued under the transaction to SABMiller shareholders will be registered under the US Securities Act, absent an applicable exemption from registration. If the transaction is implemented by way of UK takeover offer, it will be done in compliance with the applicable rules under the US Exchange Act of 1934, including any applicable exemptions provided under Rule 14d-1(d) thereunder.
 
Additional Information
 
This communication is for informational purposes only. This filing shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. This communication is not a substitute for the registration statement on Form F-4 filed on 26 August 2016 with the SEC or any other document relating to the combination that may be published by AB InBev, SABMiller or Newbelco. The combination, including the Belgian merger of AB InBev into Newbelco, has not yet commenced. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
 
The making of an offer of securities in relation to the combination to specific persons who are residents in, or nationals or citizens of, certain jurisdictions or to custodians, nominees or trustees of such persons may be made only in accordance with the laws of the relevant jurisdiction. It is the responsibility of those shareholders wishing to accept an offer to inform themselves of and ensure compliance with the laws of their respective jurisdictions in relation to the proposed combination.

 
 
 

This information is provided by RNSThe company news service from the London Stock Exchange   END  MSCPGUWUBUPQGUR

	


Close


 

 















 






 



London Stock Exchange plc is not responsible for and does not check content on this Website. Website users are responsible for checking content. Any news item (including any prospectus) which is addressed solely to the persons and countries specified therein should not be relied upon other than by such persons and/or outside the specified countries. Terms and conditions, including restrictions on use and distribution apply.



©2014 London Stock Exchange plc. All rights reserved



 
SABMiller & Newbelco shareholder meeting results - RNS











 

		Listing of Newbelco on the JSE - RNS - London Stock Exchange

 






 




 



Regulatory Story


Go to market news section

  
			
			











Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV  -  92PG   
Listing of Newbelco on the JSE
Released 07:00 04-Oct-2016

















RNS Number : 5719L Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV 04 October 2016  

Not for release, publication or distribution, in whole or in part, in or into any jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the APPLICABLE lawS aND REGULATIONS of such jurisdictioN OR WOULD REQUIRE NEWBELCO TO TAKE ANY FURTHER ACTION
Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV
(Incorporated in the Kingdom of Belgium)
Register of Companies Number: 0417.497.106
Euronext Brussels Share Code: ABI
Mexican Stock Exchange Share Code: ABI
NYSE ADS Code: BUD
JSE Share Code: ANB
ISIN: BE0003793107
ANNOUNCEMENT - SECONDARY INWARD LISTING OF NEWBELCO'S NEW ORDINARY SHARES ON THE MAIN BOARD OF THE JOHANNESBURG STOCK EXCHANGE
This is an announcement (Announcement) relating to the admission to listing and trading of 1,693,242,156 New Ordinary Shares without nominal value in the capital of Newbelco SA/NV (to be named Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV following Completion of the Belgian Merger), incorporated in the Kingdom of Belgium under Register of Companies number: 0649.641.563, on the Main Board of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.
The JSE has granted Newbelco, subject to Completion of the Belgian Merger, approval for a secondary listing of all its to be issued New Ordinary Shares, being 1,693,242,156 New Ordinary Shares, on the Main Board of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange in the "Consumer - Food & Beverages - Beverages - Brewers" sector, under the abbreviated name "AB InBev", JSE share code "ANH" and ISIN BE0974293251, with effect from the commencement of trading on 11 October 2016. Depending on the number of UK Scheme Shareholders that elect for the Partial Share Alternative, this relates to between approximately 83.86% and 84.23% of Newbelco's share capital expected to be outstanding immediately following the Belgian Merger. The remainder of Newbelco's share capital expected to be outstanding immediately following the Belgian Merger will be represented by Restricted Newbelco Shares, for which no admission to listing and trading is currently sought.
Unless otherwise stated, capitalised terms used in this Announcement have the meaning set out in Part XIII (Glossary of selected terms) of the listing prospectus issued by Newbelco on 26 August 2016 in accordance with the Belgian Law of 16 June 2006 relating to the public offer of instruments and the admission to trading on regulated markets, and approved by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority for the purpose of the listing of the New Ordinary Shares on Euronext Brussels.
AB InBev has published the AB InBev Transaction Documents, which contain further details on the Belgian Offer, the Belgian Merger and the proposed listing of New Ordinary Shares on Euronext Brussels, secondary listings on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange and the Mexico Stock Exchange and listing of Newbelco ADSs on the NYSE. SABMiller has published the UK Scheme Document, which contains further details on the UK Scheme. This Announcement should be read in conjunction with the UK Scheme Document and the AB InBev Transaction Documents, which are available on the following websites: www.ab-inbev.com, www.globalbrewer.com and www.sabmiller.com.
________________________
The New Ordinary Shares will be issued by Newbelco in connection with the proposed business combination between AB InBev and SABMiller. As set out in the UK Scheme Document and the AB InBev Transaction Documents, the proposed combination will be implemented through a series of steps, including the final step in which AB InBev will merge into Newbelco, a company formed for the purpose of effecting the Transaction, through a merger by absorption of AB InBev under the Belgian Companies Code (referred to as the Belgian Merger). Following completion of the Belgian Merger, AB InBev Shareholders will become shareholders in Newbelco and Newbelco will be the surviving entity and holding company for the Combined Group.
Subject to Completion, the New Ordinary Shares will be admitted to listing on Euronext Brussels, with a first listing intended to occur on or about the first Business Day following the date of the Belgian Merger. It is also intended that they will, at the same time, be listed on the Mexico Stock Exchange and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (as set out in this Announcement), and that ADSs (each representing one New Ordinary Share) will be listed on the NYSE, upon which each holder of AB InBev ADSs would automatically become a holder of ADSs representing one New Ordinary Share.
AB InBev, Newbelco and the JSE do not accept any responsibility or liability with respect to any person as a result of the withdrawal of the JSE Secondary Listing or the (related) annulment of any transaction in the New Ordinary Shares on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.
This Announcement serves as a listing announcement for purposes of the Listings Requirements issued by the JSE (Listings Requirements) and no shares are being offered or sold pursuant to this Announcement. This Announcement is not published in connection with, may not be used for and does not constitute an offer of transferable securities to the public, an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any of the New Ordinary Shares or any other securities issued by Newbelco. Investors should not purchase or subscribe for any shares referred to in this Announcement except on the basis of information in the UK Scheme Document and the AB InBev Transaction Documents.
The New Ordinary Shares have not been approved or disapproved by the SEC, any other federal or state securities commission in the U.S. or any other U.S. regulatory authority, nor has any such authority passed upon, confirmed the accuracy of or determined the adequacy of this Announcement. Any representation to the contrary is false and/or misleading and constitutes a criminal offense in the U.S..
________________________
Investing in New Ordinary Shares involves substantial risks and uncertainties. Investors must be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in shares and should be able to sustain a partial or total loss of their investment.
Before any investment in shares, investors should carefully review and consider this Announcement as well as the entire Belgian Listing Prospectus, including all information incorporated by reference into the Belgian Listing Prospectus, and should give particular attention to the risk factors set out in Part II (Risk Factors) of the Belgian Listing Prospectus, in particular the risk factors relating to the Transaction (see Part II: Risk Factors - 1. Risks relating to the Transaction), and more generally the risk factors relating to the Combined Group's business (see Part II: Risk Factors - 2. Risks relating to the business of the Combined Group) and the risk factors relating to the New Ordinary Shares (see Part II: Risk Factors - 3 Risks relating to the New Ordinary Shares). All of these risk factors must be considered before investing in the New Ordinary Shares.
________________________
Distribution of this Announcement may, in certain jurisdictions, be subject to specific regulations or restrictions. Persons in possession of this Announcement are urged to inform themselves of any such regulations or restrictions that may apply in their jurisdiction and to observe them. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of that jurisdiction. AB InBev and Newbelco disclaim all responsibility for any violation of such restrictions by any person.
________________________
1.         INTRODUCTION
Newbelco was incorporated in Belgium on 3 March 2016 as a limited liability company (société anonyme / naamloze vennootschap) under Belgian law, for the purposes of effecting the Transaction and holding the Combined Group following Completion.
As announced by AB InBev on 28 September 2016, the Combined Group will retain the name Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV following Completion, and therefore Newbelco SA/NV will be renamed accordingly.
Subject to Completion, the New Ordinary Shares will be admitted to listing on Euronext Brussels, with a first listing intended to occur on or about the first Business Day following the date of the Belgian Merger. It is also intended that they will, at the same time, be listed on the Mexico Stock Exchange and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (as set out in this Announcement), and that ADSs (each representing one New Ordinary Share) will be listed on the NYSE, upon which each holder of AB InBev ADSs would automatically become a holder of ADSs representing one New Ordinary Share.
The JSE has granted Newbelco, subject to Completion of the Belgian Merger, approval for a secondary listing of all its to be issued New Ordinary Shares, being 1,693,242,156 New Ordinary Shares, on the Main Board of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange in the "Consumer - Food & Beverages - Beverages - Brewers" sector, under the abbreviated name "AB InBev", JSE share code "ANH" and ISIN BE0974293251, with effect from the commencement of trading on 11 October 2016.
2.         OVERVIEW
Please refer to the AB InBev Transaction Documents and the UK Scheme Document for further information on the Transaction, AB InBev, SABMiller, and Newbelco as well as its business upon Completion.
3.         RATIONALE FOR THE LISTING
Following the initial announcement on 13 October 2015 by the boards of directors of AB InBev and SABMiller that they had reached an agreement in principle on the key terms of a possible business combination between AB InBev and SABMiller, the boards of directors of AB InBev and SABMiller announced on 11 November 2015 in the Rule 2.7 Announcement that they had reached agreement on the terms of the Transaction.
In the Rule 2.7 Announcement, AB InBev stated its intention to:
·           seek a secondary inward listing of the issued AB InBev Shares on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange, as soon as reasonably practicable after the date of the Rule 2.7 Announcement. The issued AB InBev Shares were listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange on 15 January 2016; and
·           upon or shortly after Completion, list the issued New Ordinary Shares of Newbelco on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange, through a secondary inward listing, which would replace the listing of the issued AB InBev Shares on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.
It was also indicated in the Rule 2.7 Announcement that an application would be made by SABMiller to the JSE for the cancellation of the listing and trading of SABMiller Shares on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.
Accordingly:
·           Newbelco applied for, and the JSE granted Newbelco, subject to Completion of the Belgian Merger, approval for a secondary listing of all its to be issued New Ordinary Shares, being 1,693,242,156 New Ordinary Shares, on the Main Board of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange with effect from the commencement of trading on 11 October 2016. New Ordinary Shares issued to the former AB InBev Shareholders who held their AB InBev Shares through the Johannesburg Stock Exchange will commence trading on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange on 11 October 2016. Refer to section 9 (Clearance and Settlement) of this Announcement for further information on the clearance and settlement processes for trading in the New Ordinary Shares on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange; and
·           AB InBev applied for, and the JSE granted AB InBev approval for the delisting of the AB InBev Shares from the Johannesburg Stock Exchange with effect from 8 a.m. (South African standard time) on 13 October 2016. Trading in the AB InBev Shares on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange will be suspended prior to such delisting, from 8 a.m. (South African standard time) on 10 October 2016.
4.         LISTING APPROVALS AND CLASSIFICATION
The Financial Surveillance Department (FinSurv) of the South African Reserve Bank (SARB) has approved the secondary inward listing of the New Ordinary Shares on the Main Board of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange, and classified the secondary inward listed New Ordinary Shares as 'domestic' for exchange control purposes. Accordingly, South African resident investors may trade the New Ordinary Shares on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange without having recourse to their foreign portfolio allowances.
The JSE has granted Newbelco, subject to Completion of the Belgian Merger, approval for a secondary listing of all its to be issued New Ordinary Shares, being 1,693,242,156 New Ordinary Shares, on the Main Board of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange in the "Consumer - Food & Beverages - Beverages - Brewers" sector, under the abbreviated name "AB InBev", JSE share code "ANH" and ISIN BE0974293251, with effect from the commencement of trading on 11 October 2016.
5.         FINANCIAL INFORMATION
In accordance with section 18.19(c) of the Listings Requirements, subject to Completion and implementation of the JSE Secondary Listing, Newbelco will publish, in its interim and year-end results, headline earnings per New Ordinary Share and diluted headline earnings per New Ordinary Share together with an itemised reconciliation between headline earnings and the earnings used in the calculation.
6.         SALIENT DATES RELATING TO THE LISTING
The expected timetable of principal events remains as announced by AB InBev relating to its own shareholder approval on 28 September 2016.
7.         TAX CONSIDERATIONS
The following is a summary of the South African tax considerations that are relevant for South African tax resident AB InBev Shareholders. This summary does not purport to address all tax consequences associated with the disposal of AB InBev Shares pursuant to the Belgian Merger, and does not take into account the specific circumstances of any particular AB InBev Shareholder or the tax laws of any country other than South Africa.
This summary is based on AB InBev's understanding of the applicable laws, treaties and regulatory interpretations in effect in South Africa on the date of this Announcement, all of which are subject to change, including changes that could have a retrospective effect.
This summary is for general information only and pertains to AB InBev Shareholders and not to UK Scheme Shareholders. All AB InBev Shareholders should consult their tax advisers regarding the particular tax consequences applicable to them in relation to the AB InBev Shares (including the disposal of AB InBev Shares pursuant to the Belgian Merger), including the applicability and effect of other tax laws and possible changes in tax law.
CAPITAL GAINS TAX
The Belgian Merger will constitute a disposal of AB InBev Shares for South African tax resident AB InBev Shareholders in terms of South African tax law. Subject to any specific exemptions that may otherwise apply to such AB InBev Shareholders, upon the disposal of AB InBev Shares pursuant to the Belgian Merger, a South African tax resident AB InBev Shareholder may realise a capital gain or capital loss for South African tax purposes, depending on whether or not the proceeds from the disposal exceed the AB InBev Shareholder's base cost in the AB InBev Shares. In general, the base cost of an asset will be the acquisition cost of the asset in question (ie, the subscription price in the event that a person subscribed for AB InBev Shares or the purchase price paid in the event of an acquisition of AB InBev Shares). In respect of the disposal of the AB InBev Shares, the proceeds will be equal to the value of the New Ordinary Shares received pursuant to the Belgian Merger.
A prescribed portion (ranging from 40% (in the case of a natural person) to 80% (in the case of a company or a trust)) of a net capital gain realised by a South African tax resident AB InBev Shareholder will be included in their normal taxable income and subject to tax at the applicable rates. The effective tax rates applicable are 16.4% in the case of a natural person, 22.4% in the case of a company and 32.8% in the case of a trust.
Capital losses may only be set off against other capital gains realised in the same or any subsequent tax year. In the case of South African tax resident AB InBev Shareholders who are natural persons, an annual exclusion amount of R40,000 is deducted from any capital gain realised in any tax year.
In circumstances where a South African tax resident AB InBev Shareholder receives a foreign return of capital prior to the disposal of their AB InBev Shares, such AB InBev Shareholder must reduce their base cost for capital gains tax purposes by the amount received. If the amount received exceeds the base cost of the AB InBev Shares, the excess portion will be treated as a capital gain in the hands of the AB InBev Shareholder for the year of assessment in which the foreign return of capital is received by or accrues to the AB InBev Shareholder, and will be subject to capital gains tax.
INCOME TAX
South African tax resident AB InBev Shareholders will be subject to income tax on the proceeds arising upon the disposal of the AB InBev Shares pursuant to the Belgian Merger if the AB InBev Shares are held for speculative purposes (ie, as trading stock as opposed to capital assets) and disposed of pursuant to a scheme of profit making.
8.         EXCHANGE CONTROL
FinSurv has approved the secondary inward listing of Newbelco on the Main Board of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange, and classified the secondary inward listed New Ordinary Shares as 'domestic' for exchange control purposes. Accordingly, South African resident investors may trade the New Ordinary Shares on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange without having recourse to their foreign portfolio allowances.
Approval of the Transaction by FinSurv is subject to the condition that, among other things, all AB InBev Shareholders whose AB InBev Shares are held and traded on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange shall receive any New Ordinary Shares to which they are entitled pursuant to the Transaction on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.
Currency and shares are not freely transferable from South Africa to any jurisdiction outside the geographical borders of South Africa or jurisdictions outside of the Common Monetary Area (collectively, South Africa, the Republic of Namibia and the Kingdoms of Lesotho and Swaziland). These transfers must comply with the South African Exchange Control Regulations, 1961, as amended, promulgated in terms of section 9 of the South African Currency and Exchanges Act, 9 of 1993, as amended (South African Exchange Control Regulations). The South African Exchange Control Regulations also regulate the acquisition by former residents and non-residents of New Ordinary Shares.
Investors who are resident outside the Common Monetary Area should seek advice as to whether any governmental and/or other legal consent is required and/or whether any other formality must be observed to enable an investor to acquire and/or hold New Ordinary Shares. If investors are in any doubt regarding the application of the South African Exchange Control Regulations, they should consult their own professional advisers.
9.         CLEARANCE AND SETTLEMENT
Further information relating to trading in the New Ordinary Shares, including details on the clearance and settlement processes for trading in the New Ordinary Shares on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange, may be obtained by contacting the JSE and/or STRATE. For information relating to the cross- border movements of the New Ordinary Shares, please contact Ms Janine Johnson or Ms Jennifer Hendricks at Computershare by telephone on +27 11 370 5190 or by e-mail on removals@computerhare.co.za.
10.       AVAILABILITY OF DOCUMENTS
This Announcement should be read in conjunction with the UK Scheme Document and the AB InBev Transaction Documents, which are available on the following websites: www.ab-inbev.com, www.globalbrewer.com and www.sabmiller.com, and any investment decision should be based on the UK Scheme Document and the AB InBev Transaction Documents and not this Announcement.
Belgium
4 October 2016
Joint financial advisers and JSE sponsors to AB InBev in respect of the JSE Secondary Listing
Deutsche Bank
Standard Bank
South African legal adviser to AB InBev
Webber Wentzel
DISCLAIMER
This Announcement does not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation or advertisement to purchase and/or subscribe for shares in any jurisdiction, including an offer to the public for the sale of, or subscription for, or the solicitation or the advertisement of an offer to buy and/or subscribe for, shares.
This Announcement does not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation or advertisement to purchase and/or subscribe for shares in South Africa, including an offer to the public for the sale of, or subscription for, or the solicitation or the advertisement of an offer to buy and/or subscribe for, shares as defined in the South African Companies Act, 71 of 2008, as amended (SA Companies Act), or otherwise and will not be distributed to any person in South Africa in any manner that could be construed as an offer to the public in terms of the SA Companies Act. This Announcement does not constitute a prospectus registered and/or issued in terms of the SA Companies Act. Accordingly, this Announcement does not comply with the substance and form requirements for prospectuses set out in the SA Companies Act and the South African Companies Regulations of 2011 and has not been approved by, and/or registered with, the South African Companies and Intellectual Property Commission, or any other South African authority (save for the JSE).
This Announcement constitutes factual, objective information and nothing contained herein should be construed as constituting any form of investment advice or recommendation, guidance or proposal of a financial nature. The drafters of this Announcement are not financial services providers licensed as such under the South African Financial Advisory and Intermediary Services Act, 37 of 2002, as amended, in South Africa and nothing in this Announcement should be construed as constituting the canvassing for, or marketing or advertising of financial services in South Africa.
Investors should ascertain whether acquiring or holding the New Ordinary Shares, or any of the transactions envisaged in this Announcement, is affected by the laws of the relevant jurisdiction in which they reside and consider whether the New Ordinary Shares are a suitable investment in light of their own personal circumstances and are, therefore, strongly recommended to seek their own independent financial, tax and legal advice in light of their own particular circumstances and investment objectives.
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this Announcement or the action you should take, you are recommended to seek your own independent financial advice immediately from your stockbroker, bank manager, attorney, accountant or independent financial adviser or from another appropriately authorised independent financial adviser.
Important notices relating to advisers
Deutsche Securities (SA) Proprietary Limited, a non-bank member of the Deutsche Bank Group (Deutsche Bank), is acting for AB InBev and no one else in connection with the JSE Secondary Listing and will not be responsible to anyone other than Newbelco for providing the protections afforded to clients of Deutsche Bank or for providing advice in relation to any matter referred to herein.
Without limiting a person's liability for fraud, neither Deutsche Bank nor any of its subsidiary undertakings, branches or affiliates nor any of its or their respective directors, officers, representatives, employees, advisers or agents owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in delict, in tort, under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of Deutsche Bank in connection with this Announcement, any statement contained herein or otherwise.
The Standard Bank of South Africa Limited (Standard Bank) is authorised under South African banking law and regulated by the SARB. Standard Bank is acting as financial adviser and joint JSE sponsor to AB InBev in relation to this Announcement. Standard Bank is not acting for anybody else in connection with the matters referred to in this Announcement. Standard Bank is not and will not be responsible to any person other than AB InBev for providing any of the protections afforded to clients of Standard Bank, nor for giving any advice in relation to any matter referred to in this Announcement. Neither Standard Bank nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or affiliates (including the subsidiary undertakings and affiliates of its holding company), nor any of its or their respective directors, officers, representatives, employees, advisers or agents owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in delict, in tort, under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of Standard Bank in connection with this Announcement, any statement contained or referred to herein or otherwise.
Webber Wentzel advised AB InBev on certain legal aspects of the JSE Secondary Listing. This advice was provided for the sole benefit of AB InBev, and third parties may not rely on it. Webber Wentzel accepts no responsibility for the information contained in the Announcement, and no part of that information may be construed as a promise, guarantee or opinion by Webber Wentzel.
Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements
There are statements in this Announcement, such as statements that include the words or phrases "will likely result", "are expected to", "will continue", "is anticipated", "anticipate", "estimate", "project", "may", "might", "could", "believe", "expect", "plan", "potential" or similar expressions that are forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those suggested by these statements due to, among others, the risks or uncertainties listed below. See also Part II (Risk Factors) of the Belgian Listing Prospectus for further discussion of risks and uncertainties that could impact the business of the Combined Group.
These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather, they are based on current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside our control and are difficult to predict, that may cause actual results or developments to differ materially from any future results or developments expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements include, among others:
•        local, regional, national and international economic conditions, including the risks of a global recession or a recession in one or more of our key markets, and the impact they may have on us and our customers and our assessment of that impact;
•        financial risks, such as interest rate risk, foreign exchange rate risk (in particular as against the U.S. dollar, our reporting currency), commodity risk, asset price risk, equity market risk, counterparty risk, sovereign risk, liquidity risk, inflation or deflation;
•        continued geopolitical instability, which may result in, among other things, economic and political sanctions and currency exchange rate volatility, and which may have a substantial impact on the economies of one or more of our key markets;
•        changes in government policies and currency controls;
•        continued availability of financing and our ability to achieve our targeted coverage and debt levels and terms, including the risk of constraints on financing in the event of a credit rating downgrade;
•        the monetary and interest rate policies of central banks, in particular the European Central Bank, the Board of Governors of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, the Bank of England, Banco Central do Brasil, Banco Central de la República Argentina, the Central Bank of China, the SARB, Banco de la República in Colombia and other central banks;
•        changes in applicable laws, regulations and taxes in jurisdictions in which we operate, including the laws and regulations governing our operations and changes to tax benefit programs, as well as actions or decisions of courts and regulators;
•        limitations on our ability to contain costs and expenses;
•        our expectations with respect to expansion plans, premium growth, accretion to reported earnings, working capital improvements and investment income or cash flow projections;
•        our ability to continue to introduce competitive new products and services on a timely, cost-effective basis;
•        the effects of competition and consolidation in the markets in which we operate, which may be influenced by regulation, deregulation or enforcement policies;
•        changes in consumer spending;
•        changes in pricing environments;
•        volatility in the prices of raw materials, commodities and energy;
•        difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees;
•        regional or general changes in asset valuations;
•        greater than expected costs (including taxes) and expenses;
•        the risk of unexpected consequences resulting from acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances, corporate reorganisations or divestiture plans, and our ability to successfully and cost-effectively implement these transactions and integrate the operations of businesses or other assets we have acquired;
•        the outcome of pending and future litigation, investigations and governmental proceedings;
•        natural and other disasters;
•        any inability to economically hedge certain risks;
•        inadequate impairment provisions and loss reserves;
•        technological changes and threats to cybersecurity;
•        other statements included in this Announcement that are not historical; and
•        our success in managing the risks involved in the foregoing.
The forward-looking statements contained in this Announcement include statements relating to the Transaction, the related divestitures and the financing of the Transaction, including the expected effects of the Transaction on the AB InBev Group and/or the SABMiller Group and the expected timing of the Transaction. These forward-looking statements may include statements relating to: the expected characteristics of the Combined Group; expected ownership of Newbelco by AB InBev Shareholders and UK Scheme Shareholders; expected customer reach of the Combined Group; the expected benefits of the proposed Transaction; and the financing of the Transaction and the Combined Group.
All statements regarding the Transaction, the related divestitures, the financing of the Transaction, and the Combined Group, other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect the current views of Newbelco's management, are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties about the AB InBev Group, the SABMiller Group, Newbelco and the Combined Group and are dependent on many factors, some of which are outside of our control. There are important factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different, including the satisfaction of the conditions to the Transaction; the ability to realise the anticipated benefits and synergies of the Transaction, including as a result of a delay in completing the Transaction or difficulty in integrating the businesses of the companies involved; the ability to satisfy any conditions required to obtain the regulatory approvals related to the Transaction and the impact of any conditions imposed by various regulatory authorities on the AB InBev Group, the SABMiller Group, Newbelco and the Combined Group; the potential costs associated with the complex cross-border structure of the Transaction; the financial and operational risks in refinancing the Transaction and resulting from the AB InBev Group's increased level of debt; any change of control or restriction on merger provisions in agreements to which AB InBev or SABMiller or their respective subsidiaries, associates and/or joint ventures is a party that might be triggered by the Transaction; the impact of foreign exchange rates; the performance of the global economy; the capacity for growth in beer, alcoholic beverage markets and non-alcoholic beverage markets; the consolidation and convergence of the industry, its suppliers and its customers; the effect of changes in governmental regulations; disruption from the Transaction making it more difficult to maintain relationships with customers, employees, suppliers, associates or joint venture partners as well as governments in the territories in which the SABMiller Group and the AB InBev Group operate; the impact of any potential impairments of goodwill or other intangible assets on the financial condition and results of operations of the Combined Group; the impact that the size of the Combined Group, contractual limitations it is subject to and its position in the markets in which it operates may have on its ability to successfully carry out further acquisitions and business integrations and the success of the AB InBev Group, Newbelco and/or the Combined Group in managing the risks involved in the foregoing.
Statements regarding financial risks, including interest rate risk, foreign exchange rate risk, commodity risk, asset price risk, equity market risk, counterparty risk, sovereign risk, inflation and deflation, are subject to uncertainty. For example, certain market and financial risk disclosures are dependent on choices about key model characteristics and assumptions and are subject to various limitations. By their nature, certain of the market or financial risk disclosures are only estimates and, as a result, actual future gains and losses could differ materially from those that have been estimated.
We caution that the forward-looking statements in this Announcement are further qualified by the risk factors disclosed in Part II (Risk Factors) of the Belgian Listing Prospectus that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Subject to their obligations under Belgian and U.S. law in relation to disclosure and ongoing information, Newbelco, AB InBev and SABMiller disclaim any intent or obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Future SEC Filings and this Filing: Important Information
In connection with the business combination of AB InBev and SABMiller, Newbelco SA/NV (a Belgian limited liability company formed for the purposes of such transaction) filed a registration statement on Form F-4, which includes a prospectus, with the SEC on 26 August 2016. The prospectus has been mailed to the holders of American Depositary Shares of AB InBev and holders of ordinary shares of AB InBev (other than holders of ordinary shares of AB InBev who are non-U.S. persons (as defined in the applicable rules of the SEC)). INVESTORS ARE URGED TO READ THE PROSPECTUS AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED OR TO BE FILED WITH THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE, BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT AB INBEV, SABMILLER, NEWBELCO, THE TRANSACTION AND RELATED MATTERS. Investors will be able to obtain a free copy of the prospectus and other such filings without charge, on the SEC's website (http://www.sec.gov) once such documents are filed with the SEC. Copies of such documents may also be obtained from AB InBev, without charge, once they are filed with the SEC.
Additional Information
This communication is for informational purposes only. This communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. This communication is not a substitute for the registration statement on Form F-4 filed on 26 August 2016 with the SEC or any other document relating to the combination that may be published by AB InBev, SABMiller or Newbelco. The combination, including the Belgian Merger of AB InBev into Newbelco, has not yet commenced. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
The making of an offer of securities in relation to the combination to specific persons who are residents in, or nationals or citizens of, certain jurisdictions or to custodians, nominees or trustees of such persons may be made only in accordance with the laws of the relevant jurisdiction. It is the responsibility of those shareholders wishing to accept an offer to inform themselves of and ensure compliance with the laws of their respective jurisdictions in relation to the proposed combination.
No forecasts or estimates
No statement in this Announcement (including any statement of estimated synergies or costs savings) is intended as a profit forecast or estimate for any period.

This information is provided by RNSThe company news service from the London Stock Exchange   END  MSCMJBTTMBAMTTF

	


Close


 

 















 






 



London Stock Exchange plc is not responsible for and does not check content on this Website. Website users are responsible for checking content. Any news item (including any prospectus) which is addressed solely to the persons and countries specified therein should not be relied upon other than by such persons and/or outside the specified countries. Terms and conditions, including restrictions on use and distribution apply.



©2014 London Stock Exchange plc. All rights reserved



 
Listing of Newbelco on the JSE - RNS











  

















The Coca-Cola Company and Anheuser-Busch InBev Reach Agreement Regarding Coca-Cola Beverages Africa: The Coca-Cola Company











































   

The Coca-Cola Company and Anheuser-Busch InBev Reach Agreement Regarding Coca-Cola Beverages Africa



































Locations 








Africa


Morocco (French)



Asia Pacific


Australia


China


India


Japan


New Zealand


Pakistan (English)


Pakistan (Urdu)



Eurasia


Middle East (Arabic)


Middle East (English)


Russia



Europe


Austria


Belgium (Dutch)


Belgium (French)


Denmark


Finland


France


Germany


Great Britain


Ireland


Italy


Netherlands


Norway


Portugal


Poland


Spain


Sweden


Switzerland


Ukraine



Latin America


Argentina


Bolivia


Brazil


Chile


Colombia


Costa Rica


Dominican Republic


Ecuador


El Salvador


Guatemala


Honduras


Mexico


Nicaragua


Panama


Paraguay


Peru


Uruguay


Venezuela



North America


Global


Canada (English)


Canada (French)














Locations 









Investors




|


The Coca-Cola Company 









Our Company




Our Company Main




About Coca-Cola Journey




Mission, Vision & Values




Diversity & Inclusion




Human and Workplace Rights




Workplace Overview




Supplier Diversity




Coca-Cola Leaders




The Coca-Cola System




Company History




Company Reports




Sustainability Report




Coca-Cola Product Facts (U.S.)




The Coca-Cola Foundation




World of Coca-Cola




Coca-Cola Store





Investors




Investors Main




2016 Year in Review




Investors Info: Financial Reports and Information




Investors Info: Stock Information




Investors Info: Investor Webcasts and Events




Shareowner Information




Corporate Governance




Investors Info: SEC Filings





Press Center




Press Center Main




Press Releases




Company Statements




Leadership




Video Library




Image Library




Press Contacts





Careers




Careers Main





Contact Us




Contact Us Main




FAQs













 


5by20


 



#cokestyle


 



Water Replenishment


 



Supplier Diversity


 



Giving Back


 



Diversity & Inclusion


 



Our Commitment to Transparency
























 Press Center






 
 Overview


 
 Press Releases


 
 Company Statements


 
 Leadership


 
 Video Library


 
 Image Library


 
 Press Contacts














The Coca-Cola Company and Anheuser-Busch InBev Reach Agreement Regarding Coca-Cola Beverages Africa



By: The Coca-Cola Company
    
     | Dec 21, 2016









Share:




























































ATLANTA - 1am EST / BRUSSELS - 7am CET, Dec. 21, 2016 – The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE: KO) and Anheuser-Busch InBev  (“AB InBev”) (Euronext: ABI) (NYSE: BUD) (MEXBOL: ANB) (JSE: ANH)  have reached an agreement regarding the transition of AB InBev’s 54.5% equity stake in Coca-Cola Beverages Africa (“CCBA”) for 3.15 billion USD, after customary adjustments. CCBA includes the countries of South Africa, Namibia, Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania, Ethiopia, Mozambique, Ghana, Mayotte and Comoros.
In addition, the companies have reached an agreement in principle for The Coca-Cola Company to acquire AB InBev’s interest in bottling operations in Zambia, Zimbabwe, Botswana, Swaziland, Lesotho, El Salvador and Honduras for an undisclosed amount. 
The transactions are subject to the relevant regulatory and minority approvals and are expected to close by the end of 2017. 
The Coca-Cola Company plans to hold all of these territories temporarily until they can be refranchised to other partners. The Coca-Cola Company’s intent is to account for the acquired stakes as a discontinued operation for reporting purposes.
Carlos Brito, CEO of AB InBev, said: “We are happy that we have been able to reach this agreement with The Coca-Cola Company in a timely manner and with a satisfactory outcome for all parties.”
 “We are pleased to have reached an agreement quickly that is in everyone’s best interests,” said Muhtar Kent, Chairman and CEO of The Coca-Cola Company. “We will move forward with our long-term strategic plan in these important growth markets. We are continuing negotiations with a number of parties who are highly qualified and interested in these bottling territories and look forward to refranchising these territories as soon as practical following regulatory approval.”
English, French and Dutch versions of this press release will be available on www.ab-inbev.com. 
About Anheuser-Busch InBev
Anheuser-Busch InBev is a publicly traded company (Euronext: ABI) based in Leuven, Belgium, with secondary listings on the Mexico (MEXBOL: ANB) and South Africa (JSE: ANH) stock exchanges and with American Depositary Receipts on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BUD). Our dream is to bring people together for a better world. Beer, the original social network, has been bringing people together for thousands of years. We are committed to building great brands that stand the test of time and to brewing the best beers using the finest natural ingredients. Our diverse portfolio of well over 400 beer brands includes global brands Budweiser®, Corona® and Stella Artois®; multi-country brands Beck’s®, Castle®, Castle Lite®, Hoegaarden® and Leffe®; and local champions such as Aguila®, Antarctica®, Bud Light®, Brahma®, Cass®, Chernigivske®, Cristal®, Harbin®, Jupiler®, Klinskoye®, Michelob Ultra®, Modelo Especial®, Quilmes®, Victoria®, Sedrin®, Sibirskaya Korona® and Skol®. Our brewing heritage dates back more than 600 years, spanning continents and generations. From our European roots at the Den Hoorn brewery in Leuven, Belgium. To the pioneering spirit of the Anheuser & Co brewery in St. Louis, US. To the creation of the Castle Brewery in South Africa during the Johannesburg gold rush. To Bohemia, the first brewery in Brazil. Geographically diversified with a balanced exposure to developed and developing markets, we leverage the collective strengths of approximately 200,000 employees based in more than 50 countries worldwide. In 2015, on a combined pro forma basis, AB InBev realized 55.5 billion US dollar in revenues (excluding JVs and associates).
Visit us @ www.ab-inbev.com.
Like us @ www.facebook.com/abinbev.
Follow us @ twitter.com/abinbevnews.
About The Coca-Cola Company
The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE: KO) is the world's largest beverage company, refreshing consumers with more than 500 sparkling and still brands and more than 3,800 beverage choices. Led by Coca-Cola, one of the world's most valuable and recognizable brands, our company’s portfolio features 20 billion-dollar brands, 18 of which are available in reduced-, low- or no-calorie options. Our billion-dollar brands include Diet Coke, Coca-Cola Zero, Fanta, Sprite, Dasani, vitaminwater, Powerade, Minute Maid, Simply, Del Valle, Georgia and Gold Peak. Through the world's largest beverage distribution system, we are the No. 1 provider of both sparkling and still beverages.  More than 1.9 billion servings of our beverages are enjoyed by consumers in more than 200 countries each day. With an enduring commitment to building sustainable communities, our company is focused on initiatives that reduce our environmental footprint, create a safe, inclusive work environment for our associates, and enhance the economic development of the communities where we operate. Together with our bottling partners, we rank among the world's top 10 private employers with more than 700,000 system associates. For more information, visit Coca-Cola Journey at www.coca-colacompany.com, follow us on Twitter at twitter.com/CocaColaCo, visit our blog, Coca-Cola Unbottled, at www.coca-colablog.com or find us on LinkedIn at www.linkedin.com/company/ the-coca-cola-company.
Anheuser-Busch InBev's Forward-looking statements
This press release contains “forward-looking statements”. These statements are based on the current expectations and views of future events and developments of the management of AB InBev and are naturally subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. The forward-looking statements contained in this release include statements related to Coca-Cola Beverages Africa, other transactions with The Coca-Cola Company and other statements other than historical facts. Forward-looking statements include statements typically containing words such as “will”, “may”, “should”, “believe”, “intends”, “expects”, “anticipates”, “targets”, “estimates”, “likely”, “foresees” and words of similar import. All statements other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect the current views of the management of AB InBev, are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties about AB InBev, and are dependent on many factors, some of which are outside of AB InBev’s control. There are important factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different, including, among others, the risks relating to the dissolved company Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV (the “former AB InBev”) described under Item 3.D of the former AB InBev’s Annual Report on Form 20-F (“Form 20-F”) filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on 14 March 2016, the principal risks described on pages 16 to 17 of SABMiller’s Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2016 and the risks described under “Risk Factors” of Newbelco SA/NV’s Registration Statement on Form F-4, filed with the SEC on 26 August 2016. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. There can be no certainty that the proposed transactions will be completed on the terms described herein or at all.
The forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included elsewhere, including the former AB InBev’s most recent Form 20-F, Newbelco SA/NV’s Registration Statement on Form F-4, reports furnished on Form 6-K, and any other documents that the former AB InBev, SABMiller or AB InBev have made public. Any forward-looking statements made in this communication are qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements, and there can be no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated by AB InBev will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences to, or effects on, AB InBev or its business or operations. Except as required by law, AB InBev undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
The Coca-Cola Company Forward-Looking Statements
This press release may contain statements, estimates or projections that constitute “forward-looking statements” as defined under U.S. federal securities laws. Generally, the words “believe,” “expect,” “intend,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “project,” “will” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, which generally are not historical in nature. Forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from The Coca-Cola Company’s historical experience and our present expectations or projections. These risks include, but are not limited to, obesity concerns; water scarcity and poor quality; evolving consumer preferences; increased competition and capabilities in the marketplace; product safety and quality concerns; perceived negative health consequences of certain ingredients, such as non-nutritive sweeteners and biotechnology-derived substances, and of other substances present in our beverage products or packaging materials; an inability to be successful in our innovation activities; increased demand for food products and decreased agricultural productivity; changes in the retail landscape or the loss of key retail or foodservice customers; an inability to expand operations in emerging and developing markets; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; interest rate increases; an inability to maintain good relationships with our bottling partners; a deterioration in our bottling partners' financial condition; increases in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or unfavorable resolution of tax matters; increased or new indirect taxes in the United States or in one or more other major markets; increased cost, disruption of supply or shortage of energy or fuels; increased cost, disruption of supply or shortage of ingredients, other raw materials or packaging materials; changes in laws and regulations relating to beverage containers and packaging; significant additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products; an inability to protect our information systems against service interruption, misappropriation of data or breaches of security; unfavorable general economic conditions in the United States; unfavorable economic and political conditions in international markets; litigation or legal proceedings; failure to adequately protect, or disputes relating to, trademarks, formulae and other intellectual property rights; adverse weather conditions; climate change; damage to our brand image and corporate reputation from negative publicity, even if unwarranted, related to product safety or quality, human and workplace rights, obesity or other issues; changes in, or failure to comply with, the laws and regulations applicable to our products or our business operations; changes in accounting standards; an inability to achieve our overall long-term growth objectives; deterioration of global credit market conditions; default by or failure of one or more of our counterparty financial institutions; an inability to timely implement our previously announced actions to reinvigorate growth, or to realize the economic benefits we anticipate from these actions; failure to realize a significant portion of the anticipated benefits of our strategic relationship with Monster Beverage Corporation; an inability to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, or we or our bottling partners experience strikes, work stoppages or labor unrest; future impairment charges; multi-employer plan withdrawal liabilities in the future; an inability to successfully integrate and manage our Company-owned or -controlled bottling operations; an inability to successfully manage our refranchising activities; an inability to successfully manage the possible negative consequences of our productivity initiatives; an inability to attract or retain a highly skilled workforce; global or regional catastrophic events; and other risks discussed in our Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and our subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, which filings are available from the SEC. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. The Coca-Cola Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements.
The enclosed information constitutes inside information and is to be considered regulated information as defined in the Belgian Royal Decree of 14 November 2007 regarding the duties of issuers of financial instruments which have been admitted for trading on a regulated market.
NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF THAT JURISDICTION.
###


















            More on Journey





The Board of Directors of The Coca-Cola Company Elects Officers, Declares Quarterly Dividend




The Coca-Cola Company Announces Final Results of Consent Solicitation and Tender Offer 




Leaders Take on New Roles in Coca-Cola North America




Reyes Holdings to Expand Its Footprint in U.S. Coca-Cola System by Adding Territory in California and Nevada




The Coca-Cola Company Announces Timing of Second Quarter Earnings Release and Investor Conference Call; Announces Plans for November Investor Day



















            Press Releases




Topic

All Topics
Brands
Business
Community
Culture
Entertainment
Environment
Health
History
Innovation
Jobs
Open Happiness
Sports
Sustainability
Sustainability Report




Added  Jul 26, 2017


Coca-Cola® Zero Sugar Launches in U.S. with New and Improved Real Coca-Cola Taste


Added  Jul 26, 2017


The Coca-Cola Company Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results


Added  Jul 20, 2017


The Board of Directors of The Coca-Cola Company Declares Regular Quarterly Dividend



 SEE MORE











            EXPLORE JOURNEY




Food


Culture


Business


Sports


Jobs


Brands


Sustainability


Innovation


History








            Newsletters

Want to stay up to date on the latest happenings at The Coca-Cola Company? To receive email alerts, subscribe here.
 SUBSCRIBE






             PRESS CONTACTS




North America


Eurasia & Africa


Europe


Latin America


Pacific








THE FIZZ





Most Read
Top 10
Back








1

Why Sea Glass Collectors Cherish Coke Bottles







2

Is Your Name On a Coke Bottle? 







3

Label-less Coca-Cola Cans Tackle Prejudice During Ramadan







4

Coca-Cola Cake Recipe







5

Relationships Matter: Why Coke's Muhtar Kent Never Dines Alone







6

The Delicious Dozen: The 12 Best Coca-Colas I Ever Tasted







7

Coca-Cola Ribs or Chicken Wings Recipe







8

Coca-Cola Life Arrives on Shelves Nationwide







9

Share a Coke 2.0: The Hit Campaign is Back, and it’s Bigger and Better Than Ever







10

The Real Story of New Coke






Back




Most Shared
Top 10
Back








1

Step Inside New Coca-Cola India Offices 







2

Label-less Coca-Cola Cans Tackle Prejudice During Ramadan







3

Relationships Matter: Why Coke's Muhtar Kent Never Dines Alone







4

Run Commuting Takes Off in Cities Around the World







5

Fresh Banana Cake With Sea Foam Frosting







6

Attention, Millennials: Here's What Your Bosses-to-Be Want From You







7

Celebrating 100 Years of the Coke Bottle at the National Archives







8

My Day with 'The Coca-Cola Man'







9

A Letter from Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer







10

How Coke Zero Became a Hero: 10 Facts to Mark the Brand’s 10th Birthday






Back




Most Watched
Top 10
Back













1

Christmas Celebration Bow Bottle







2

Virginia Peanut Pie With Coke Reduction







3

Let's take an extra second | Experiment







4

Kiss Happiness







5

Share a Coke Mauritius







6

Enhance the Taste of an Ice-Cold Coke with the Coca-Cola + Riedel Glass







7

vitaminwater - xxx - #hydratethustle







8

Promoción 100 años de la Botella Coca-Cola







9

Neked is egy csók!







10

El SMS






Back




Most Discussed
Top 10
Back








1

Coke Hires 5,000 Veterans Ahead of Schedule







2

19-Year-Old Coca-Cola Collector Opens Museum







3

Fan Mail: These Consumer Letters Helped Bring Back 'Classic' Coke







4

Just for Kicks: Share a Coke With the FIFA Women's World Cup Champs







5

Attention, Millennials: Here's What Your Bosses-to-Be Want From You







6

Coke Lore: Landmark Signs






Back




















Join The Conversation





























COCA-COLA ON SOCIAL 










LIKES










FOLLOWERS










FOLLOWERS










VIEWS










FOLLOWERS

















































Anheuser-Busch InBev Announces Completion of Combination with SABMiller



























































 



















Advertise with Us
Subscriber Services
Retailer Services

 Give a Gift
 Subscribe












Anheuser-Busch InBev Announces Completion of Combination with SABMiller
By Staff - October 11, 2016			











 

(Press Release)
Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV (“AB InBev”, formerly Newbelco SA/NV (“Newbelco”)) (Euronext: ABI) (NYSE: BUD) (MEXBOL: ANB) (JSE: ANH) is pleased to announce the successful completion of the business combination with SABMiller plc (“SABMiller”) (the “Combination”).
The combined company will have operations in virtually every major beer market and an expanded portfolio that includes global, multi-country and local brands, providing more choices for consumers around the world. Customers will benefit from a broad distribution network and strong brand-building expertise. The company will also continue to develop its business in partnership with its suppliers as it continues brewing the best beers using the best ingredients.
AB InBev will benefit from a geographically diversified platform, with a stronger presence in key emerging regions with attractive growth prospects, such as Africa and Latin America. The growth opportunities in these developing markets complements the stability and strength of the company’s strong existing presence in developed markets.
“As a truly global brewer, we will be able to achieve more together than each of us could separately,” said Carlos Brito, CEO of AB InBev. “We remain focused on delivering superior top-line growth and increasing shareholder value. Building on our strong heritage, passion for brewing and expanded brand portfolio, we are also committed to helping farmers, retailers, entrepreneurs and communities thrive. We are excited to work toward our Dream: Bringing people together for a better world. Our ambition is to build a company to last – not just for a decade, but for the next 100 years.”
Driving Growth for all Stakeholders
Building on our shared commitment to sustainability, the combined group will strive to be an engine for growth and economic development across our markets.
AB InBev will demonstrate this commitment through its Better World platform focused on three “Worlds”:
A “Growing” World, where everyone has the opportunity to improve their livelihood. AB InBev will support communities by driving agricultural productivity, innovation and resilience. The company will also help small retailers grow by expanding trade programs and solutions, and by providing business skills training for entrepreneurs in its supply chain.
A “Cleaner” World, where natural resources are accessible and safe to all, and shared and preserved for the future. AB InBev is dedicated to enhancing water access and security through watershed restoration and conservation. It will also continue to invest in sourcing renewable electricity and increasing the recycled content in its packaging materials to reduce its carbon emissions and support a circular economy.
A “Healthier” World, where every experience with beer is positive for lives well lived. AB InBev is dedicated to reducing the harmful use of alcohol in all of its markets. To do this, the company is extending and expanding its Global Smart Drinking Goals and making the reduction of the harmful use of alcohol a key priority.
Additional detail on Completion of the Combination
As a result of the Belgian Merger, the former Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV (the “former AB InBev”) has merged into Newbelco, and Newbelco has become the holding company for the combined former AB InBev and SABMiller groups. All assets and liabilities of the former AB InBev have been transferred to Newbelco, and Newbelco has automatically been substituted for the former AB InBev in all its rights and obligations by operation of Belgian law. Newbelco has been renamed Anheuser-Busch InBev, and the former AB InBev has been dissolved by operation of Belgian law.
It is expected that shares in the former AB InBev will be delisted from Euronext Brussels and the Bolsa Mexicana de Valores at the opening of business in each market tomorrow, 11 October 2016, and then delisted from the Johannesburg Stock Exchange on 13 October 2016. It is further expected that the New Ordinary Shares will be admitted to listing and trading on Euronext Brussels, the Johannesburg Stock Exchange and the Bolsa Mexicana de Valores at the opening of business in each market tomorrow, 11 October 2016. In addition, commencement of trading of Newbelco ADSs (representing the New Ordinary Shares) will commence on the New York Stock Exchange at the opening of business in New York tomorrow, 11 October 2016.
The share capital of AB InBev now amounts to EUR 1,238,608,344.12. It is represented by 2,019,241,973 shares without nominal value. All shares are New Ordinary Shares, except for 325,999,817 Restricted Newbelco Shares. The updated shareholders structure of AB InBev will be available on www.ab-inbev.com as soon as AB InBev has received the relevant notifications according to the Law of 2 May 2007 regarding the disclosure of important shareholdings in listed companies.
Defined terms used but not defined in this announcement have the meanings set out in the scheme document published by SABMiller on 26 August 2016.
About Anheuser-Busch InBev
Anheuser-Busch InBev is a publicly traded company (Euronext: ABI) based in Leuven, Belgium, with secondary listings on the Mexico (MEXBOL: ANB) and South Africa (JSE: ANH) stock exchanges and with American Depositary Receipts on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BUD). Our Dream is to bring people together for a better world. Beer, the original social network, has been bringing people together for thousands of years. We are committed to building great brands that stand the test of time and to brewing the best beers using the finest natural ingredients. Our diverse portfolio of well over 400 beer brands includes global brands Budweiser®, Corona® and Stella Artois®; multi-country brands Beck’s®, Castle®, Castle Lite®, Hoegaarden® and Leffe®; and local champions such as Aguila®, Antarctica®, Bud Light®, Brahma®, Cass®, Chernigivske®, Cristal®, Harbin®, Jupiler®, Klinskoye®, Michelob Ultra®, Modelo Especial®, Quilmes®, Victoria®, Sedrin®, Sibirskaya Korona® and Skol®. Our brewing heritage dates back more than 600 years, spanning continents and generations. From our European roots at the Den Hoorn brewery in Leuven, Belgium. To the pioneering spirit of the Anheuser & Co brewery in St. Louis, US. To the creation of the Castle Brewery in South Africa during the Johannesburg gold rush. To Bohemia, the first brewery in Brazil. Geographically diversified with a balanced exposure to developed and developing markets, we leverage the collective strengths of approximately 200,000 employees based in more than 50 countries worldwide. In 2015, on a combined pro forma basis, AB InBev realized 55.5 billion US dollar in revenues (excluding JVs and associates).

Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
 

 






Follow @allaboutbeer




 



Beer in your inbox





 


More Like This




Triple Voodoo Celebrates First Anniversary



Virginia to Exceed 100 Breweries



Elysian to Release Valhalla Red IPA in October










Most Popular




The Return of New Albion: America's First Craft Brewery Gets a Revival




Lagunitas Brewing Co. acquires stake in Short's Brewing Co.







 





 























Object reference not set to an instance of an object.





Server Error in '/' Application.
 Object reference not set to an instance of an object. 

 Description: An unhandled exception occurred during the execution of the current web request. Please review the stack trace for more information about the error and where it originated in the code.

 Exception Details: System.NullReferenceException: Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
Source Error: 




The source code that generated this unhandled exception can only be shown when compiled in debug mode. To enable this, please follow one of the below steps, then request the URL:1. Add a "Debug=true" directive at the top of the file that generated the error. Example:   <%@ Page Language="C#" Debug="true" %>or:2) Add the following section to the configuration file of your application:<configuration>    <system.web>        <compilation debug="true"/>    </system.web></configuration> Note that this second technique will cause all files within a given application to be compiled in debug mode. The first technique will cause only that particular file to be compiled in debug mode.Important: Running applications in debug mode does incur a memory/performance overhead. You should make sure that an application has debugging disabled before deploying into production scenario.




Stack Trace: 





[NullReferenceException: Object reference not set to an instance of an object.]
   ASP.noodlsmaster_master.__Render__control1(HtmlTextWriter __w, Control parameterContainer) +640
   System.Web.UI.Control.RenderChildrenInternal(HtmlTextWriter writer, ICollection children) +262
   System.Web.UI.Control.RenderControlInternal(HtmlTextWriter writer, ControlAdapter adapter) +79
   System.Web.UI.Control.RenderChildrenInternal(HtmlTextWriter writer, ICollection children) +159
   System.Web.UI.Page.Render(HtmlTextWriter writer) +38
   System.Web.UI.Control.RenderControlInternal(HtmlTextWriter writer, ControlAdapter adapter) +79
   System.Web.UI.Page.ProcessRequestMain(Boolean includeStagesBeforeAsyncPoint, Boolean includeStagesAfterAsyncPoint) +3498






Version Information: Microsoft .NET Framework Version:4.0.30319; ASP.NET Version:4.6.1590.0



