


 SECGems: Newbelco SA/NV/ADR 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 Newbelco SA/NV/ADR 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
2













	 
	
	 120 BROADWAY
	 
	  32ND FLOOR
	
	   NEW YORK, 
	   NY, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   2122383128    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2016-10-07Newbelco SA/NV/ADR








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001686262










All related persons/companies# Filings





 BANK OF NEW YORK / ADR DIVISION (0001201935) 


1




 BANK OF NEW YORK/ADR DIVISION


1







 








db
 
 










































		SABMiller & Newbelco shareholder meeting results - RNS - London Stock Exchange

 






 




 



Regulatory Story


Go to market news section

  
			
			











Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV  -  92PG   
SABMiller & Newbelco shareholder meeting results
Released 11:06 28-Sep-2016

















RNS Number : 0774L Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV 28 September 2016  

The enclosed information constitutes regulated information as defined in the Belgian Royal Decree of 14 November 2007 regarding the duties of issuers of financial instruments which have been admitted for trading on a regulated market.
 
NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF THAT JURISDICTION. 
 
ANHEUSER-BUSCH INBEV WELCOMES SABMILLER AND NEWBELCO SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL FOR COMBINATION
 
Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV ("AB InBev") (Euronext: ABI) (NYSE: BUD) (MEXBOL: ABI) (JSE: ANB) welcomes the approval of both SABMiller and Newbelco shareholders of the proposed combination between AB InBev and SABMiller plc ("SABMiller") (the "Combination") at the UK Scheme Court Meeting, SABMiller General Meeting and Newbelco General Meeting (respectively).
 
SABMiller shareholders voted to approve:
 
-     the UK Scheme at the UK Scheme Court Meeting (as previously announced, Altria and BEVCO have irrevocably undertaken pursuant to the terms of their irrevocable undertakings to separately consent to the UK Scheme and did not vote at the UK Scheme Court Meeting); and
 
-     the SABMiller Resolution to implement the UK Scheme at the SABMiller General Meeting.
 
Newbelco shareholders voted to approve the Newbelco Resolutions to approve and implement the Combination at the Newbelco General Meeting.
 
Full details of all resolutions passed are set out in the notices of the UK Scheme Court Meeting and the SABMiller General Meeting in the UK Scheme Document, and in Newbelco's convening notice to attend the Newbelco General Meeting, each of which are available at www.ab-inbev.com. 
 
Following AB InBev's announcement earlier today of the results of the AB InBev General Meeting, AB InBev now confirms that all required shareholder approvals for the Combination have been obtained. The expected timetable of principal events remains as announced by AB InBev earlier today.
 
The Combination is expected to complete on 10 October 2016, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions as set out in Part V of the UK Scheme Document.
 
Defined terms used but not defined in this announcement have the meanings set out in the scheme document published by SABMiller on 26 August 2016 (the "UK Scheme Document"). Summaries of the terms of the Altria Irrevocable and the BEVCO Irrevocable are set out in the UK Scheme Document.
 
English, French and Dutch versions of this press release will be available on www.ab-inbev.com.
 
 
 

About Anheuser-Busch InBev 
Anheuser-Busch InBev is a publicly traded company (Euronext: ABI) based in Leuven, Belgium, with secondary listings on the Mexico (MEXBOL: ABI) and South Africa (JSE: ANB) stock exchanges and with American Depositary Receipts on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BUD). It is the leading global brewer and one of the world's top five consumer products companies. Beer, the original social network, has been bringing people together for thousands of years and the company's portfolio of well over 200 beer brands continues to forge strong connections with consumers. This includes global brands Budweiser®, Corona® and Stella Artois®; international brands Beck's®, Leffe® and Hoegaarden®; and local champions Bud Light®, Skol®, Brahma®, Antarctica®, Quilmes®, Victoria®, Modelo Especial®, Michelob Ultra®, Harbin®, Sedrin®, Klinskoye®, Sibirskaya Korona®, Chernigivske®, Cass® and Jupiler®. Anheuser-Busch InBev's dedication to quality goes back to a brewing tradition of more than 600 years and the Den Hoorn brewery in Leuven, Belgium, as well as the pioneering spirit of the Anheuser & Co brewery, with origins in St. Louis, USA since 1852. Geographically diversified with a balanced exposure to developed and developing markets, Anheuser Busch InBev leverages the collective strengths of more than 150,000 employees based in 26 countries worldwide. In 2015, AB InBev realized 43.6 billion US dollar revenue. The company strives to be the Best Beer Company Bringing People Together For a Better World. For more information, please visit: www.ab-inbev.com.

 
 




CONTACTS




 
Media


  


 
Investors


 




 


 


 




Marianne Amssoms
Tel: +1-212-573-9281
E-mail: marianne.amssoms@ab-inbev.com


  


Graham Staley
Tel: +1-212-573-4365
E-mail: graham.staley@ab-inbev.com


 




 


 


 




Karen Couck
Tel: +1-212-573-9283
E-mail: karen.couck@ab-inbev.com
 
Kathleen Van Boxelaer
Tel: +32-16-27-68-23
E-mail: kathleen.vanboxelaer@ab-inbev.com 


  


Heiko Vulsieck
Tel: +32-16-27-68-88
E-mail: heiko.vulsieck@ab-inbev.com
 
Lauren Abbott
Tel: +1-212-573-9287
E-mail: lauren.abbott@ab-inbev.com
 


 




 
AB InBev Communications Adviser - Brunswick
 
Steve Lipin (Brunswick Group US)
Tel: +1 212 333 3810
E-mail: slipin@brunswickgroup.com 
 
Katie Ioanilli (Brunswick Group UK)
Tel: +44 20 7404 5959
E-mail: kioanilli@brunswickgroup.com 
 
 
European Shareholder Helpline - Georgeson
 
Free phone number 00800 3814 3814
Toll number +44 (0)117 3785 209


 


 


 




 
 




NOTES




 

Disclosure requirements of the Code
 
Under Rule 8.3(a) of the Code, any person who is interested in 1% or more of any class of relevant securities of an offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror (being any offeror other than an offeror in respect of which it has been announced that its offer is, or is likely to be, solely in cash) must make an Opening Position Disclosure following the commencement of the offer period and, if later, following the announcement in which any securities exchange offeror is first identified. An Opening Position Disclosure must contain details of the person's interests and short positions in, and rights to subscribe for, any relevant securities of each of (i) the offeree company and (ii) any securities exchange offeror(s). An Opening Position Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(a) applies must be made by no later than 3.30 pm (London time) on the 10th business day following the commencement of the offer period and, if appropriate, by no later than 3.30 pm (London time) on the 10th business day following the announcement in which any securities exchange offeror is first identified. Relevant persons who deal in the relevant securities of the offeree company or of a securities exchange offeror prior to the deadline for making an Opening Position Disclosure must instead make a Dealing Disclosure.
 
Under Rule 8.3(b) of the Code, any person who is, or becomes, interested in 1% or more of any class of relevant securities of the offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror must make a Dealing Disclosure if the person deals in any relevant securities of the offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror. A Dealing Disclosure must contain details of the dealing concerned and of the person's interests and short positions in, and rights to subscribe for, any relevant securities of each of (i) the offeree company and (ii) any securities exchange offeror(s), save to the extent that these details have previously been disclosed under Rule 8. A Dealing Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(b) applies must be made by no later than 3.30 pm (London time) on the business day following the date of the relevant dealing.
 
If two or more persons act together pursuant to an agreement or understanding, whether formal or informal, to acquire or control an interest in relevant securities of an offeree company or a securities exchange offeror, they will be deemed to be a single person for the purpose of Rule 8.3.
 
Opening Position Disclosures must also be made by the offeree company and by any offeror and Dealing Disclosures must also be made by the offeree company, by any offeror and by any persons acting in concert with any of them (see Rules 8.1, 8.2 and 8.4).
 
Details of the offeree and offeror companies in respect of whose relevant securities Opening Position Disclosures and Dealing Disclosures must be made can be found in the Disclosure Table on the Takeover Panel's website at www.thetakeoverpanel.org.uk, including details of the number of relevant securities in issue, when the offer period commenced and when any offeror was first identified. You should contact the Panel's Market Surveillance Unit on +44 (0)20 7638 0129 if you are in any doubt as to whether you are required to make an Opening Position Disclosure or a Dealing Disclosure.

 
 

Forward Looking Statements
 
This press release contains "forward-looking statements".  These statements are based on the current expectations and views of future events and developments of the management of AB InBev and are naturally subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances.  The forward-looking statements contained in this release include statements relating to AB InBev's proposed business combination with  SABMiller (including with respect to the expected timing and scope of these transactions), and other statements other than historical facts. Forward-looking statements include statements typically containing words such as "will", "may", "should", "believe", "intends", "expects", "anticipates", "targets", "estimates", "likely", "foresees" and words of similar import.  All statements other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect the current views of the management of AB InBev, are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties about AB InBev and SABMiller and are dependent on many factors, some of which are outside of AB InBev's control. There are important factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different, including the satisfaction of the conditions to the transactions described herein, the ability to obtain the regulatory approvals related to the transactions and the ability to satisfy any conditions required to obtain such approvals, and the risks relating to AB InBev described under Item 3.D of its Annual Report on Form 20-F ("Form 20-F") filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on 14 March 2016, the principal risks described on pages 16 to 17 of SABMiller's Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2016 and the risks described under "Risk Factors" of Newbelco's Registration Statement on Form F-4, filed with the SEC on 26 August 2016. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. There can be no certainty that the proposed transactions will be completed on the terms described herein or at all.
  
The forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included elsewhere, including AB InBev's most recent Form 20-F, Newbelco's Registration Statement on Form F-4, reports furnished on Form 6-K, and any other documents that AB InBev, SABMiller or Newbelco have made public. Any forward-looking statements made in this communication are qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements, and there can be no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated by AB InBev will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences to, or effects on, AB InBev or its business or operations. Except as required by law, AB InBev undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
Future SEC Filings and This Filing: Important Information
 
In connection with the business combination of AB InBev and SABMiller, Newbelco SA/NV (a Belgian limited liability company formed for the purposes of such transaction) filed a registration statement on Form F-4, which includes a prospectus, with the SEC on 26 August 2016. The prospectus has been mailed to the holders of American Depositary Shares of AB InBev and holders of ordinary shares of AB InBev (other than holders of ordinary shares of AB InBev who are non-U.S. persons (as defined in the applicable rules of the SEC)). INVESTORS ARE URGED TO READ THE PROSPECTUS AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED OR TO BE FILED WITH THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE, BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT AB INBEV, SABMILLER, NEWBELCO, THE TRANSACTION AND RELATED MATTERS. Investors will be able to obtain a free copy of the prospectus and other such filings without charge, on the SEC's website (http://www.sec.gov) once such documents are filed with the SEC. Copies of such documents may also be obtained from AB InBev, without charge, once they are filed with the SEC.
 
Notice to US investors
 
US holders of SABMiller shares should note that the steps of any transaction requiring approval by SABMiller shareholders is expected to be implemented under a UK scheme of arrangement provided for under English company law.  As such, it is expected that any shares to be issued under the transaction to SABMiller shareholders will be issued in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the US Securities Act of 1933, provided by Section 3(a)(10) thereof and will be subject to UK disclosure requirements (which are different from those of the United States). The transaction may instead be implemented by way of a takeover offer under English law.  If so, any securities to be issued under the transaction to SABMiller shareholders will be registered under the US Securities Act, absent an applicable exemption from registration. If the transaction is implemented by way of UK takeover offer, it will be done in compliance with the applicable rules under the US Exchange Act of 1934, including any applicable exemptions provided under Rule 14d-1(d) thereunder.
 
Additional Information
 
This communication is for informational purposes only. This filing shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. This communication is not a substitute for the registration statement on Form F-4 filed on 26 August 2016 with the SEC or any other document relating to the combination that may be published by AB InBev, SABMiller or Newbelco. The combination, including the Belgian merger of AB InBev into Newbelco, has not yet commenced. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
 
The making of an offer of securities in relation to the combination to specific persons who are residents in, or nationals or citizens of, certain jurisdictions or to custodians, nominees or trustees of such persons may be made only in accordance with the laws of the relevant jurisdiction. It is the responsibility of those shareholders wishing to accept an offer to inform themselves of and ensure compliance with the laws of their respective jurisdictions in relation to the proposed combination.

 
 
 

This information is provided by RNSThe company news service from the London Stock Exchange   END  MSCPGUWUBUPQGUR

	


Close


 

 















 






 



London Stock Exchange plc is not responsible for and does not check content on this Website. Website users are responsible for checking content. Any news item (including any prospectus) which is addressed solely to the persons and countries specified therein should not be relied upon other than by such persons and/or outside the specified countries. Terms and conditions, including restrictions on use and distribution apply.



©2014 London Stock Exchange plc. All rights reserved



 
SABMiller & Newbelco shareholder meeting results - RNS











 

		Listing of Newbelco on the JSE - RNS - London Stock Exchange

 






 




 



Regulatory Story


Go to market news section

  
			
			











Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV  -  92PG   
Listing of Newbelco on the JSE
Released 07:00 04-Oct-2016

















RNS Number : 5719L Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV 04 October 2016  

Not for release, publication or distribution, in whole or in part, in or into any jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the APPLICABLE lawS aND REGULATIONS of such jurisdictioN OR WOULD REQUIRE NEWBELCO TO TAKE ANY FURTHER ACTION
Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV
(Incorporated in the Kingdom of Belgium)
Register of Companies Number: 0417.497.106
Euronext Brussels Share Code: ABI
Mexican Stock Exchange Share Code: ABI
NYSE ADS Code: BUD
JSE Share Code: ANB
ISIN: BE0003793107
ANNOUNCEMENT - SECONDARY INWARD LISTING OF NEWBELCO'S NEW ORDINARY SHARES ON THE MAIN BOARD OF THE JOHANNESBURG STOCK EXCHANGE
This is an announcement (Announcement) relating to the admission to listing and trading of 1,693,242,156 New Ordinary Shares without nominal value in the capital of Newbelco SA/NV (to be named Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV following Completion of the Belgian Merger), incorporated in the Kingdom of Belgium under Register of Companies number: 0649.641.563, on the Main Board of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.
The JSE has granted Newbelco, subject to Completion of the Belgian Merger, approval for a secondary listing of all its to be issued New Ordinary Shares, being 1,693,242,156 New Ordinary Shares, on the Main Board of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange in the "Consumer - Food & Beverages - Beverages - Brewers" sector, under the abbreviated name "AB InBev", JSE share code "ANH" and ISIN BE0974293251, with effect from the commencement of trading on 11 October 2016. Depending on the number of UK Scheme Shareholders that elect for the Partial Share Alternative, this relates to between approximately 83.86% and 84.23% of Newbelco's share capital expected to be outstanding immediately following the Belgian Merger. The remainder of Newbelco's share capital expected to be outstanding immediately following the Belgian Merger will be represented by Restricted Newbelco Shares, for which no admission to listing and trading is currently sought.
Unless otherwise stated, capitalised terms used in this Announcement have the meaning set out in Part XIII (Glossary of selected terms) of the listing prospectus issued by Newbelco on 26 August 2016 in accordance with the Belgian Law of 16 June 2006 relating to the public offer of instruments and the admission to trading on regulated markets, and approved by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority for the purpose of the listing of the New Ordinary Shares on Euronext Brussels.
AB InBev has published the AB InBev Transaction Documents, which contain further details on the Belgian Offer, the Belgian Merger and the proposed listing of New Ordinary Shares on Euronext Brussels, secondary listings on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange and the Mexico Stock Exchange and listing of Newbelco ADSs on the NYSE. SABMiller has published the UK Scheme Document, which contains further details on the UK Scheme. This Announcement should be read in conjunction with the UK Scheme Document and the AB InBev Transaction Documents, which are available on the following websites: www.ab-inbev.com, www.globalbrewer.com and www.sabmiller.com.
________________________
The New Ordinary Shares will be issued by Newbelco in connection with the proposed business combination between AB InBev and SABMiller. As set out in the UK Scheme Document and the AB InBev Transaction Documents, the proposed combination will be implemented through a series of steps, including the final step in which AB InBev will merge into Newbelco, a company formed for the purpose of effecting the Transaction, through a merger by absorption of AB InBev under the Belgian Companies Code (referred to as the Belgian Merger). Following completion of the Belgian Merger, AB InBev Shareholders will become shareholders in Newbelco and Newbelco will be the surviving entity and holding company for the Combined Group.
Subject to Completion, the New Ordinary Shares will be admitted to listing on Euronext Brussels, with a first listing intended to occur on or about the first Business Day following the date of the Belgian Merger. It is also intended that they will, at the same time, be listed on the Mexico Stock Exchange and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (as set out in this Announcement), and that ADSs (each representing one New Ordinary Share) will be listed on the NYSE, upon which each holder of AB InBev ADSs would automatically become a holder of ADSs representing one New Ordinary Share.
AB InBev, Newbelco and the JSE do not accept any responsibility or liability with respect to any person as a result of the withdrawal of the JSE Secondary Listing or the (related) annulment of any transaction in the New Ordinary Shares on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.
This Announcement serves as a listing announcement for purposes of the Listings Requirements issued by the JSE (Listings Requirements) and no shares are being offered or sold pursuant to this Announcement. This Announcement is not published in connection with, may not be used for and does not constitute an offer of transferable securities to the public, an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any of the New Ordinary Shares or any other securities issued by Newbelco. Investors should not purchase or subscribe for any shares referred to in this Announcement except on the basis of information in the UK Scheme Document and the AB InBev Transaction Documents.
The New Ordinary Shares have not been approved or disapproved by the SEC, any other federal or state securities commission in the U.S. or any other U.S. regulatory authority, nor has any such authority passed upon, confirmed the accuracy of or determined the adequacy of this Announcement. Any representation to the contrary is false and/or misleading and constitutes a criminal offense in the U.S..
________________________
Investing in New Ordinary Shares involves substantial risks and uncertainties. Investors must be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in shares and should be able to sustain a partial or total loss of their investment.
Before any investment in shares, investors should carefully review and consider this Announcement as well as the entire Belgian Listing Prospectus, including all information incorporated by reference into the Belgian Listing Prospectus, and should give particular attention to the risk factors set out in Part II (Risk Factors) of the Belgian Listing Prospectus, in particular the risk factors relating to the Transaction (see Part II: Risk Factors - 1. Risks relating to the Transaction), and more generally the risk factors relating to the Combined Group's business (see Part II: Risk Factors - 2. Risks relating to the business of the Combined Group) and the risk factors relating to the New Ordinary Shares (see Part II: Risk Factors - 3 Risks relating to the New Ordinary Shares). All of these risk factors must be considered before investing in the New Ordinary Shares.
________________________
Distribution of this Announcement may, in certain jurisdictions, be subject to specific regulations or restrictions. Persons in possession of this Announcement are urged to inform themselves of any such regulations or restrictions that may apply in their jurisdiction and to observe them. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of that jurisdiction. AB InBev and Newbelco disclaim all responsibility for any violation of such restrictions by any person.
________________________
1.         INTRODUCTION
Newbelco was incorporated in Belgium on 3 March 2016 as a limited liability company (société anonyme / naamloze vennootschap) under Belgian law, for the purposes of effecting the Transaction and holding the Combined Group following Completion.
As announced by AB InBev on 28 September 2016, the Combined Group will retain the name Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV following Completion, and therefore Newbelco SA/NV will be renamed accordingly.
Subject to Completion, the New Ordinary Shares will be admitted to listing on Euronext Brussels, with a first listing intended to occur on or about the first Business Day following the date of the Belgian Merger. It is also intended that they will, at the same time, be listed on the Mexico Stock Exchange and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (as set out in this Announcement), and that ADSs (each representing one New Ordinary Share) will be listed on the NYSE, upon which each holder of AB InBev ADSs would automatically become a holder of ADSs representing one New Ordinary Share.
The JSE has granted Newbelco, subject to Completion of the Belgian Merger, approval for a secondary listing of all its to be issued New Ordinary Shares, being 1,693,242,156 New Ordinary Shares, on the Main Board of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange in the "Consumer - Food & Beverages - Beverages - Brewers" sector, under the abbreviated name "AB InBev", JSE share code "ANH" and ISIN BE0974293251, with effect from the commencement of trading on 11 October 2016.
2.         OVERVIEW
Please refer to the AB InBev Transaction Documents and the UK Scheme Document for further information on the Transaction, AB InBev, SABMiller, and Newbelco as well as its business upon Completion.
3.         RATIONALE FOR THE LISTING
Following the initial announcement on 13 October 2015 by the boards of directors of AB InBev and SABMiller that they had reached an agreement in principle on the key terms of a possible business combination between AB InBev and SABMiller, the boards of directors of AB InBev and SABMiller announced on 11 November 2015 in the Rule 2.7 Announcement that they had reached agreement on the terms of the Transaction.
In the Rule 2.7 Announcement, AB InBev stated its intention to:
·           seek a secondary inward listing of the issued AB InBev Shares on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange, as soon as reasonably practicable after the date of the Rule 2.7 Announcement. The issued AB InBev Shares were listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange on 15 January 2016; and
·           upon or shortly after Completion, list the issued New Ordinary Shares of Newbelco on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange, through a secondary inward listing, which would replace the listing of the issued AB InBev Shares on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.
It was also indicated in the Rule 2.7 Announcement that an application would be made by SABMiller to the JSE for the cancellation of the listing and trading of SABMiller Shares on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.
Accordingly:
·           Newbelco applied for, and the JSE granted Newbelco, subject to Completion of the Belgian Merger, approval for a secondary listing of all its to be issued New Ordinary Shares, being 1,693,242,156 New Ordinary Shares, on the Main Board of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange with effect from the commencement of trading on 11 October 2016. New Ordinary Shares issued to the former AB InBev Shareholders who held their AB InBev Shares through the Johannesburg Stock Exchange will commence trading on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange on 11 October 2016. Refer to section 9 (Clearance and Settlement) of this Announcement for further information on the clearance and settlement processes for trading in the New Ordinary Shares on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange; and
·           AB InBev applied for, and the JSE granted AB InBev approval for the delisting of the AB InBev Shares from the Johannesburg Stock Exchange with effect from 8 a.m. (South African standard time) on 13 October 2016. Trading in the AB InBev Shares on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange will be suspended prior to such delisting, from 8 a.m. (South African standard time) on 10 October 2016.
4.         LISTING APPROVALS AND CLASSIFICATION
The Financial Surveillance Department (FinSurv) of the South African Reserve Bank (SARB) has approved the secondary inward listing of the New Ordinary Shares on the Main Board of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange, and classified the secondary inward listed New Ordinary Shares as 'domestic' for exchange control purposes. Accordingly, South African resident investors may trade the New Ordinary Shares on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange without having recourse to their foreign portfolio allowances.
The JSE has granted Newbelco, subject to Completion of the Belgian Merger, approval for a secondary listing of all its to be issued New Ordinary Shares, being 1,693,242,156 New Ordinary Shares, on the Main Board of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange in the "Consumer - Food & Beverages - Beverages - Brewers" sector, under the abbreviated name "AB InBev", JSE share code "ANH" and ISIN BE0974293251, with effect from the commencement of trading on 11 October 2016.
5.         FINANCIAL INFORMATION
In accordance with section 18.19(c) of the Listings Requirements, subject to Completion and implementation of the JSE Secondary Listing, Newbelco will publish, in its interim and year-end results, headline earnings per New Ordinary Share and diluted headline earnings per New Ordinary Share together with an itemised reconciliation between headline earnings and the earnings used in the calculation.
6.         SALIENT DATES RELATING TO THE LISTING
The expected timetable of principal events remains as announced by AB InBev relating to its own shareholder approval on 28 September 2016.
7.         TAX CONSIDERATIONS
The following is a summary of the South African tax considerations that are relevant for South African tax resident AB InBev Shareholders. This summary does not purport to address all tax consequences associated with the disposal of AB InBev Shares pursuant to the Belgian Merger, and does not take into account the specific circumstances of any particular AB InBev Shareholder or the tax laws of any country other than South Africa.
This summary is based on AB InBev's understanding of the applicable laws, treaties and regulatory interpretations in effect in South Africa on the date of this Announcement, all of which are subject to change, including changes that could have a retrospective effect.
This summary is for general information only and pertains to AB InBev Shareholders and not to UK Scheme Shareholders. All AB InBev Shareholders should consult their tax advisers regarding the particular tax consequences applicable to them in relation to the AB InBev Shares (including the disposal of AB InBev Shares pursuant to the Belgian Merger), including the applicability and effect of other tax laws and possible changes in tax law.
CAPITAL GAINS TAX
The Belgian Merger will constitute a disposal of AB InBev Shares for South African tax resident AB InBev Shareholders in terms of South African tax law. Subject to any specific exemptions that may otherwise apply to such AB InBev Shareholders, upon the disposal of AB InBev Shares pursuant to the Belgian Merger, a South African tax resident AB InBev Shareholder may realise a capital gain or capital loss for South African tax purposes, depending on whether or not the proceeds from the disposal exceed the AB InBev Shareholder's base cost in the AB InBev Shares. In general, the base cost of an asset will be the acquisition cost of the asset in question (ie, the subscription price in the event that a person subscribed for AB InBev Shares or the purchase price paid in the event of an acquisition of AB InBev Shares). In respect of the disposal of the AB InBev Shares, the proceeds will be equal to the value of the New Ordinary Shares received pursuant to the Belgian Merger.
A prescribed portion (ranging from 40% (in the case of a natural person) to 80% (in the case of a company or a trust)) of a net capital gain realised by a South African tax resident AB InBev Shareholder will be included in their normal taxable income and subject to tax at the applicable rates. The effective tax rates applicable are 16.4% in the case of a natural person, 22.4% in the case of a company and 32.8% in the case of a trust.
Capital losses may only be set off against other capital gains realised in the same or any subsequent tax year. In the case of South African tax resident AB InBev Shareholders who are natural persons, an annual exclusion amount of R40,000 is deducted from any capital gain realised in any tax year.
In circumstances where a South African tax resident AB InBev Shareholder receives a foreign return of capital prior to the disposal of their AB InBev Shares, such AB InBev Shareholder must reduce their base cost for capital gains tax purposes by the amount received. If the amount received exceeds the base cost of the AB InBev Shares, the excess portion will be treated as a capital gain in the hands of the AB InBev Shareholder for the year of assessment in which the foreign return of capital is received by or accrues to the AB InBev Shareholder, and will be subject to capital gains tax.
INCOME TAX
South African tax resident AB InBev Shareholders will be subject to income tax on the proceeds arising upon the disposal of the AB InBev Shares pursuant to the Belgian Merger if the AB InBev Shares are held for speculative purposes (ie, as trading stock as opposed to capital assets) and disposed of pursuant to a scheme of profit making.
8.         EXCHANGE CONTROL
FinSurv has approved the secondary inward listing of Newbelco on the Main Board of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange, and classified the secondary inward listed New Ordinary Shares as 'domestic' for exchange control purposes. Accordingly, South African resident investors may trade the New Ordinary Shares on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange without having recourse to their foreign portfolio allowances.
Approval of the Transaction by FinSurv is subject to the condition that, among other things, all AB InBev Shareholders whose AB InBev Shares are held and traded on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange shall receive any New Ordinary Shares to which they are entitled pursuant to the Transaction on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.
Currency and shares are not freely transferable from South Africa to any jurisdiction outside the geographical borders of South Africa or jurisdictions outside of the Common Monetary Area (collectively, South Africa, the Republic of Namibia and the Kingdoms of Lesotho and Swaziland). These transfers must comply with the South African Exchange Control Regulations, 1961, as amended, promulgated in terms of section 9 of the South African Currency and Exchanges Act, 9 of 1993, as amended (South African Exchange Control Regulations). The South African Exchange Control Regulations also regulate the acquisition by former residents and non-residents of New Ordinary Shares.
Investors who are resident outside the Common Monetary Area should seek advice as to whether any governmental and/or other legal consent is required and/or whether any other formality must be observed to enable an investor to acquire and/or hold New Ordinary Shares. If investors are in any doubt regarding the application of the South African Exchange Control Regulations, they should consult their own professional advisers.
9.         CLEARANCE AND SETTLEMENT
Further information relating to trading in the New Ordinary Shares, including details on the clearance and settlement processes for trading in the New Ordinary Shares on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange, may be obtained by contacting the JSE and/or STRATE. For information relating to the cross- border movements of the New Ordinary Shares, please contact Ms Janine Johnson or Ms Jennifer Hendricks at Computershare by telephone on +27 11 370 5190 or by e-mail on removals@computerhare.co.za.
10.       AVAILABILITY OF DOCUMENTS
This Announcement should be read in conjunction with the UK Scheme Document and the AB InBev Transaction Documents, which are available on the following websites: www.ab-inbev.com, www.globalbrewer.com and www.sabmiller.com, and any investment decision should be based on the UK Scheme Document and the AB InBev Transaction Documents and not this Announcement.
Belgium
4 October 2016
Joint financial advisers and JSE sponsors to AB InBev in respect of the JSE Secondary Listing
Deutsche Bank
Standard Bank
South African legal adviser to AB InBev
Webber Wentzel
DISCLAIMER
This Announcement does not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation or advertisement to purchase and/or subscribe for shares in any jurisdiction, including an offer to the public for the sale of, or subscription for, or the solicitation or the advertisement of an offer to buy and/or subscribe for, shares.
This Announcement does not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation or advertisement to purchase and/or subscribe for shares in South Africa, including an offer to the public for the sale of, or subscription for, or the solicitation or the advertisement of an offer to buy and/or subscribe for, shares as defined in the South African Companies Act, 71 of 2008, as amended (SA Companies Act), or otherwise and will not be distributed to any person in South Africa in any manner that could be construed as an offer to the public in terms of the SA Companies Act. This Announcement does not constitute a prospectus registered and/or issued in terms of the SA Companies Act. Accordingly, this Announcement does not comply with the substance and form requirements for prospectuses set out in the SA Companies Act and the South African Companies Regulations of 2011 and has not been approved by, and/or registered with, the South African Companies and Intellectual Property Commission, or any other South African authority (save for the JSE).
This Announcement constitutes factual, objective information and nothing contained herein should be construed as constituting any form of investment advice or recommendation, guidance or proposal of a financial nature. The drafters of this Announcement are not financial services providers licensed as such under the South African Financial Advisory and Intermediary Services Act, 37 of 2002, as amended, in South Africa and nothing in this Announcement should be construed as constituting the canvassing for, or marketing or advertising of financial services in South Africa.
Investors should ascertain whether acquiring or holding the New Ordinary Shares, or any of the transactions envisaged in this Announcement, is affected by the laws of the relevant jurisdiction in which they reside and consider whether the New Ordinary Shares are a suitable investment in light of their own personal circumstances and are, therefore, strongly recommended to seek their own independent financial, tax and legal advice in light of their own particular circumstances and investment objectives.
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this Announcement or the action you should take, you are recommended to seek your own independent financial advice immediately from your stockbroker, bank manager, attorney, accountant or independent financial adviser or from another appropriately authorised independent financial adviser.
Important notices relating to advisers
Deutsche Securities (SA) Proprietary Limited, a non-bank member of the Deutsche Bank Group (Deutsche Bank), is acting for AB InBev and no one else in connection with the JSE Secondary Listing and will not be responsible to anyone other than Newbelco for providing the protections afforded to clients of Deutsche Bank or for providing advice in relation to any matter referred to herein.
Without limiting a person's liability for fraud, neither Deutsche Bank nor any of its subsidiary undertakings, branches or affiliates nor any of its or their respective directors, officers, representatives, employees, advisers or agents owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in delict, in tort, under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of Deutsche Bank in connection with this Announcement, any statement contained herein or otherwise.
The Standard Bank of South Africa Limited (Standard Bank) is authorised under South African banking law and regulated by the SARB. Standard Bank is acting as financial adviser and joint JSE sponsor to AB InBev in relation to this Announcement. Standard Bank is not acting for anybody else in connection with the matters referred to in this Announcement. Standard Bank is not and will not be responsible to any person other than AB InBev for providing any of the protections afforded to clients of Standard Bank, nor for giving any advice in relation to any matter referred to in this Announcement. Neither Standard Bank nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or affiliates (including the subsidiary undertakings and affiliates of its holding company), nor any of its or their respective directors, officers, representatives, employees, advisers or agents owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in delict, in tort, under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of Standard Bank in connection with this Announcement, any statement contained or referred to herein or otherwise.
Webber Wentzel advised AB InBev on certain legal aspects of the JSE Secondary Listing. This advice was provided for the sole benefit of AB InBev, and third parties may not rely on it. Webber Wentzel accepts no responsibility for the information contained in the Announcement, and no part of that information may be construed as a promise, guarantee or opinion by Webber Wentzel.
Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements
There are statements in this Announcement, such as statements that include the words or phrases "will likely result", "are expected to", "will continue", "is anticipated", "anticipate", "estimate", "project", "may", "might", "could", "believe", "expect", "plan", "potential" or similar expressions that are forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those suggested by these statements due to, among others, the risks or uncertainties listed below. See also Part II (Risk Factors) of the Belgian Listing Prospectus for further discussion of risks and uncertainties that could impact the business of the Combined Group.
These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather, they are based on current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside our control and are difficult to predict, that may cause actual results or developments to differ materially from any future results or developments expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements include, among others:
•        local, regional, national and international economic conditions, including the risks of a global recession or a recession in one or more of our key markets, and the impact they may have on us and our customers and our assessment of that impact;
•        financial risks, such as interest rate risk, foreign exchange rate risk (in particular as against the U.S. dollar, our reporting currency), commodity risk, asset price risk, equity market risk, counterparty risk, sovereign risk, liquidity risk, inflation or deflation;
•        continued geopolitical instability, which may result in, among other things, economic and political sanctions and currency exchange rate volatility, and which may have a substantial impact on the economies of one or more of our key markets;
•        changes in government policies and currency controls;
•        continued availability of financing and our ability to achieve our targeted coverage and debt levels and terms, including the risk of constraints on financing in the event of a credit rating downgrade;
•        the monetary and interest rate policies of central banks, in particular the European Central Bank, the Board of Governors of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, the Bank of England, Banco Central do Brasil, Banco Central de la República Argentina, the Central Bank of China, the SARB, Banco de la República in Colombia and other central banks;
•        changes in applicable laws, regulations and taxes in jurisdictions in which we operate, including the laws and regulations governing our operations and changes to tax benefit programs, as well as actions or decisions of courts and regulators;
•        limitations on our ability to contain costs and expenses;
•        our expectations with respect to expansion plans, premium growth, accretion to reported earnings, working capital improvements and investment income or cash flow projections;
•        our ability to continue to introduce competitive new products and services on a timely, cost-effective basis;
•        the effects of competition and consolidation in the markets in which we operate, which may be influenced by regulation, deregulation or enforcement policies;
•        changes in consumer spending;
•        changes in pricing environments;
•        volatility in the prices of raw materials, commodities and energy;
•        difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees;
•        regional or general changes in asset valuations;
•        greater than expected costs (including taxes) and expenses;
•        the risk of unexpected consequences resulting from acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances, corporate reorganisations or divestiture plans, and our ability to successfully and cost-effectively implement these transactions and integrate the operations of businesses or other assets we have acquired;
•        the outcome of pending and future litigation, investigations and governmental proceedings;
•        natural and other disasters;
•        any inability to economically hedge certain risks;
•        inadequate impairment provisions and loss reserves;
•        technological changes and threats to cybersecurity;
•        other statements included in this Announcement that are not historical; and
•        our success in managing the risks involved in the foregoing.
The forward-looking statements contained in this Announcement include statements relating to the Transaction, the related divestitures and the financing of the Transaction, including the expected effects of the Transaction on the AB InBev Group and/or the SABMiller Group and the expected timing of the Transaction. These forward-looking statements may include statements relating to: the expected characteristics of the Combined Group; expected ownership of Newbelco by AB InBev Shareholders and UK Scheme Shareholders; expected customer reach of the Combined Group; the expected benefits of the proposed Transaction; and the financing of the Transaction and the Combined Group.
All statements regarding the Transaction, the related divestitures, the financing of the Transaction, and the Combined Group, other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect the current views of Newbelco's management, are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties about the AB InBev Group, the SABMiller Group, Newbelco and the Combined Group and are dependent on many factors, some of which are outside of our control. There are important factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different, including the satisfaction of the conditions to the Transaction; the ability to realise the anticipated benefits and synergies of the Transaction, including as a result of a delay in completing the Transaction or difficulty in integrating the businesses of the companies involved; the ability to satisfy any conditions required to obtain the regulatory approvals related to the Transaction and the impact of any conditions imposed by various regulatory authorities on the AB InBev Group, the SABMiller Group, Newbelco and the Combined Group; the potential costs associated with the complex cross-border structure of the Transaction; the financial and operational risks in refinancing the Transaction and resulting from the AB InBev Group's increased level of debt; any change of control or restriction on merger provisions in agreements to which AB InBev or SABMiller or their respective subsidiaries, associates and/or joint ventures is a party that might be triggered by the Transaction; the impact of foreign exchange rates; the performance of the global economy; the capacity for growth in beer, alcoholic beverage markets and non-alcoholic beverage markets; the consolidation and convergence of the industry, its suppliers and its customers; the effect of changes in governmental regulations; disruption from the Transaction making it more difficult to maintain relationships with customers, employees, suppliers, associates or joint venture partners as well as governments in the territories in which the SABMiller Group and the AB InBev Group operate; the impact of any potential impairments of goodwill or other intangible assets on the financial condition and results of operations of the Combined Group; the impact that the size of the Combined Group, contractual limitations it is subject to and its position in the markets in which it operates may have on its ability to successfully carry out further acquisitions and business integrations and the success of the AB InBev Group, Newbelco and/or the Combined Group in managing the risks involved in the foregoing.
Statements regarding financial risks, including interest rate risk, foreign exchange rate risk, commodity risk, asset price risk, equity market risk, counterparty risk, sovereign risk, inflation and deflation, are subject to uncertainty. For example, certain market and financial risk disclosures are dependent on choices about key model characteristics and assumptions and are subject to various limitations. By their nature, certain of the market or financial risk disclosures are only estimates and, as a result, actual future gains and losses could differ materially from those that have been estimated.
We caution that the forward-looking statements in this Announcement are further qualified by the risk factors disclosed in Part II (Risk Factors) of the Belgian Listing Prospectus that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Subject to their obligations under Belgian and U.S. law in relation to disclosure and ongoing information, Newbelco, AB InBev and SABMiller disclaim any intent or obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Future SEC Filings and this Filing: Important Information
In connection with the business combination of AB InBev and SABMiller, Newbelco SA/NV (a Belgian limited liability company formed for the purposes of such transaction) filed a registration statement on Form F-4, which includes a prospectus, with the SEC on 26 August 2016. The prospectus has been mailed to the holders of American Depositary Shares of AB InBev and holders of ordinary shares of AB InBev (other than holders of ordinary shares of AB InBev who are non-U.S. persons (as defined in the applicable rules of the SEC)). INVESTORS ARE URGED TO READ THE PROSPECTUS AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED OR TO BE FILED WITH THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE, BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT AB INBEV, SABMILLER, NEWBELCO, THE TRANSACTION AND RELATED MATTERS. Investors will be able to obtain a free copy of the prospectus and other such filings without charge, on the SEC's website (http://www.sec.gov) once such documents are filed with the SEC. Copies of such documents may also be obtained from AB InBev, without charge, once they are filed with the SEC.
Additional Information
This communication is for informational purposes only. This communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. This communication is not a substitute for the registration statement on Form F-4 filed on 26 August 2016 with the SEC or any other document relating to the combination that may be published by AB InBev, SABMiller or Newbelco. The combination, including the Belgian Merger of AB InBev into Newbelco, has not yet commenced. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
The making of an offer of securities in relation to the combination to specific persons who are residents in, or nationals or citizens of, certain jurisdictions or to custodians, nominees or trustees of such persons may be made only in accordance with the laws of the relevant jurisdiction. It is the responsibility of those shareholders wishing to accept an offer to inform themselves of and ensure compliance with the laws of their respective jurisdictions in relation to the proposed combination.
No forecasts or estimates
No statement in this Announcement (including any statement of estimated synergies or costs savings) is intended as a profit forecast or estimate for any period.

This information is provided by RNSThe company news service from the London Stock Exchange   END  MSCMJBTTMBAMTTF

	


Close


 

 















 






 



London Stock Exchange plc is not responsible for and does not check content on this Website. Website users are responsible for checking content. Any news item (including any prospectus) which is addressed solely to the persons and countries specified therein should not be relied upon other than by such persons and/or outside the specified countries. Terms and conditions, including restrictions on use and distribution apply.



©2014 London Stock Exchange plc. All rights reserved



 
Listing of Newbelco on the JSE - RNS











 

Newbelco SA/NV














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Related Companies

American Brewing Company, Inc.
American Craft Brewing Intl
Anheuser-Busch
Anheuser-Busch InBev Worldwide Inc.
Anheuser-Busch Inbev Sa
Athena Silver Corp
Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits, Inc.
Big Rock Brewery Income Tr
Cbr Brewing Co Inc
China New Borun Corp.
Compania Cervecerias Unidas
Coors Brewing Co
Cruzan International Inc
Drewrys Brewing Co
Evans Brewing Co Inc.



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


Newbelco SA/NV




Newbelco SA/NV





      Loading...
    





Standard IndustryClassification
Malt beveragesAddress

Rue Royale 97 4Th Floor, Brussels, C9 1000
Phone
32(0)22092200



Sample Contracts



Newbelco SA/NV –
Indenture
(May 15th, 2017)
INDENTURE, dated as of May 15, 2017, between Anheuser-Busch InBev Finance Inc., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein called the Company), Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV, a societe anonyme/naamloze vennootschap duly organized and existing under the laws of the Kingdom of Belgium (herein called the Parent Guarantor), the Subsidiaries of the Parent Guarantor party hereto from time to time, as Subsidiary Guarantors, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., a national banking association, as Trustee (herein called the Trustee).



Newbelco SA/NV –
ANHEUSER-BUSCH INBEV SA/NV - And - ALTRIA GROUP, INC. INFORMATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT DATED NOVEMBER 11, 2015
(March 22nd, 2017)




Newbelco SA/NV –
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT by and Among Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV and the
Holders (As Defined Herein) Dated as of October 10, 2016
(March 22nd, 2017)
THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of October 10, 2016 by and among ANHEUSER-BUSCH INBEV SA/NV, a public limited liability company (societe anonyme/naamloze vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom of Belgium (the Company) and the Restricted Shareholders listed on Schedule 1 hereto (together with any other holders or beneficial owners of Restricted Shares and/or their Permitted Transferees that accede as parties to this Agreement in accordance with Section 12, the Holders and individually, each a Holder).



Newbelco SA/NV –
United States District Court for the District of Columbia
(August 26th, 2016)
WHEREAS, Plaintiff, United States of America (United States) filed its Complaint on July 20, 2016, the United States and Defendants, by their respective attorneys, have consented to entry of this Final Judgment without trial or adjudication of any issue of fact or law, and without this Final Judgment constituting any evidence against or admission by any party regarding any issue of fact or law;



Newbelco SA/NV –
Amendment No. 1 to Purchase Agreement
(August 26th, 2016)
THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Amendment) is made and entered into as of March 25, 2016 by and between ANHEUSER-BUSCH INBEV SA/NV, a public company organized under the laws of Belgium (ABI), and MOLSON COORS BREWING COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (Buyer). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement (as defined below).



Newbelco SA/NV –
United States District Court for the District of Columbia
(August 16th, 2016)
WHEREAS, Plaintiff, United States of America (United States) filed its Complaint on July 20, 2016, the United States and Defendants, by their respective attorneys, have consented to entry of this Final Judgment without trial or adjudication of any issue of fact or law, and without this Final Judgment constituting any evidence against or admission by any party regarding any issue of fact or law;



Newbelco SA/NV –
Amendment No. 1 to Purchase Agreement
(August 16th, 2016)
THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Amendment) is made and entered into as of March 25, 2016 by and between ANHEUSER-BUSCH INBEV SA/NV, a public company organized under the laws of Belgium (ABI), and MOLSON COORS BREWING COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (Buyer). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement (as defined below).



Newbelco SA/NV –
Amendment No. 1 to Purchase Agreement
(July 1st, 2016)
THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Amendment) is made and entered into as of March 25, 2016 by and between ANHEUSER-BUSCH INBEV SA/NV, a public company organized under the laws of Belgium (ABI), and MOLSON COORS BREWING COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (Buyer). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement (as defined below).



Newbelco SA/NV –
Amendment No. 1 to Purchase Agreement
(May 16th, 2016)
THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Amendment) is made and entered into as of March 25, 2016 by and between ANHEUSER-BUSCH INBEV SA/NV, a public company organized under the laws of Belgium (ABI), and MOLSON COORS BREWING COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (Buyer). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement (as defined below).













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.



















 













AB InBev (BUD) Nears Closing Mega Merger with SABMiller - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































AB InBev (BUD) Nears Closing Mega Merger with SABMiller


August 02, 2016, 06:05:00 PM EDT
By Zacks Equity Research, Zacks.com









































Shutterstock photo



The world's two largest brewers,
Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV
BUD

, alias AB InBev, and SABMiller plc
SBMRY

are on track with their mega-merger deal, having cleared the
regulatory hurdles in the European Union, South Africa, the U.S.
and China. The companies have come up with a timetable for the
series of events before finally closing the merger transaction on
Oct 10, 2016.



The timetable set out for approaching the mega combination includes
the publication of merger terms on Aug 2, the U.K. Scheme
Directions Hearing on Aug 22, publication of other key transaction
documents on Aug 26, shareholder meetings of AB InBev, SABMiller
and Newbelco as well as U.K.  Scheme Court meeting on Sep 28,
U.K. Scheme Court Sanction Hearing and last day of dealings in
SABMiller shares on Oct 5, and the closure of the deal on Oct 10.



Now, a major hurdle in the progress of the deal is the U.K. court
hearing (U.K. Scheme Directions Hearing) on Aug 22, which will
ponder on SABMiller's proposal to divide its shareholders in two
classes and have each class vote separately for the deal. With this
proposal, SABMiller intends to divide its largest shareholders,
Altria Group Inc.
MO

and BEVCO, which together hold 41% of SABMiller's stakes, into a
separate class.



Last week, SABMiller's board of directors accepted the Budweiser
owner's revised and final offer of GBP 45 per share (up from GBP 44
per share), with the condition that the former's shareholders will
be divided into two classes. Accordingly, AB InBev put forward two
variants of its offer - one, the already-stated GBP 45 per share
for majority shareholders and two, a cash-and-shares offer for the
company's largest shareholders.



This brings a disparity in the both the offers as the
cash-and-shares bid has a higher value than the cash offer, even
though the newly-issued shares have an expiry date of five years.



Though the shareholder votes on the deal are scheduled for Sep 28,
SABMiller's largest shareholders have already expressed their
support for the deal.



AB InBev and SABMiller had reached an agreement to create the
"first truly global beer company," back in Oct 2015. The combined
entity is likely to control about one-thirds of the global beer
market, leaving behind Heineken NV
HEINY

.



Ever since the announcement, the companies have worked together in
clearing the regulatory hurdles around the world, making an
integration plan and executing AB InBev's bond financing program.



We believe that this collaboration is likely to benefit both the
companies by bringing their individual solid brand portfolios and
innovative teams together. Also, their robust geographical reach
would enable the combined giant to serve all major beer markets
that have sturdy growth potential.



With the combination of AB InBev's Budweiser, Stella Artois and
Corona with SABMiller's Castle Lager, the merged company will be
well positioned to grab every opportunity in the fast-growing
African and new Latin American markets. Thus, this combined firm
with a stronger network and enhanced brand structure would boost
shareholder value, and cater to consumers of both entities by
offering them a wider assortment.


ANHEUSER-BU ADR Price






ANHEUSER-BU ADR Price

  |
  
  ANHEUSER-BU ADR Quote

The share price of AB InBev closed down 3.3% at $125.23 in the
last trading session.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research?
Today, you can download
7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days

.
Click to get this free report >>



Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research?
Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.
Click to get this free report


ANHEUSER-BU ADR (BUD): Free Stock Analysis
Report


SABMILLER PLC (SBMRY): Free Stock Analysis
Report


ALTRIA GROUP (MO): Free Stock Analysis Report


HEINEKEN NV (HEINY): Free Stock Analysis Report


To read this article on Zacks.com click here.


Zacks Investment
Research



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Business                           
                            
                                , Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        BUD
                                    
, 

                                        SBMRY
                                    
, 

                                        MO
                                    
, 

                                        HEINY
                                    












More from Zacks.com



Subscribe





Home Market And Healthier Options Boost PepsiCo's Q1 Results
Dr Pepper Falls Short Of Revenue Estimates But Raises EPS Guidance
By What Percentage Have PepsiCo’s Revenues And EBITDA Grown Over The Last Five Years?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







European Stocks Modestly Higher as Traders Digest Fed Statement


						7/27/2017 04:15 AM
					



Cathay Pacific: Is a Merger with Air China Back on the Horizon?


						7/27/2017 03:52 AM
					



The Fed Knows When to Hold 'Em


						7/27/2017 01:59 AM
					














Contributor:Zacks.com
Equity Research



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer
Microsoft Corporation Q4 Profit Advances 40%
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
An In-Depth Look At Baidu's (BIDU) Artificial Intelligence Aspirations




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





BUD








71%



Rate It





MO








91%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX









































  1435217D Stock Quote - Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV   1435217D:BB      Ticker Change   1435217D:BB has changed to a new ticker symbol   EUR             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (EUR)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Consumer Staples   % Price Change +0.04%     Industry Food Beverage & Tobacco   % Price Change +0.15%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV manufactures alcoholic beverages. The Company produces and distributes beers. Anheuser-Busch InBev serves customers worldwide.    Address  Brouwerijplein, 1Leuven, 3000Belgium   Phone  32-16-27-61-11   Website   www.ab-inbev.com     Executives Board Members    Carlos Alves De Brito  Chief Executive Officer    Luis Felipe Pedreira Dutra Leite  Chief Financial & Technology Ofcr    Sabine Chalmers  Chief Legal Officer    Miguel Patricio  Chief Marketing Officer    Claudio Garcia  Chief People Officer     Show More         