

Michael Newcity, Arcbest Corp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg



































































  


























Feedback





Michael Newcity

Senior VP/Chief Innovation Ofcr,
Arcbest Corp






Career History




Senior VP/Chief Innovation Ofcr
Arcbest Corp, 1/2015-PRESENT


President
Arcbest Technologies Inc, PRESENT


Senior VP/CFO/Chief Info Ofcr
Arcbest Corp, 5/2014-12/2014


Senior VP/CFO/Chief Info Ofcr
Arkansas Best Corp, 8/2013-5/2014


VP/Chief Financial Officer
Arkansas Best Corp, 6/2010-7/2013


Director:Economic Analysis
Arkansas Best Corp, 11/2007-5/2010


Dir:e-Systems & Emerging Tech
Abf Freight System Inc, 11/2005-10/2007


Various Positions
Abf Freight System Inc, 1/2000-10/2005



Arkansas Best Corp, 1993-UNKNOWN


Various Positions
Data-Tronics Corp, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.arcb.com






Corporate Information
Address:

3801 Old Greenwood Road
Fort Smith, AR 72903
United States


Phone:
1-479-785-6000


Fax:
1-479-785-6124


Web url:
www.arcb.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Arkansas
Bachelor's Degree


University of Arkansas
MBA








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data
































Michael E. Newcity , ArcBest Corporation - Leadership® Profile

































Products


Resources


About 


Client Support


Order








Leadership® ProfileLast changed: 7/24/2017  
Michael E. Newcity  
Senior Vice President and Chief Innovation OfficerArcBest Corporation
Telephone, Email, Fax, and Education History available

Total Positions available: 2

Career History includes:
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Information Officer,  ArcBest Corporation,  , (2014-2015) 
(3 additional careers available)


 Purchase This Profile
Request Free Trial


Subscribe to one of these Leadership® Online products for unlimited access:
The Leadership Library® Leadership Networks® Leadership® Companies Premium


About Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI]

	Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI] is a B2B information services company which provides premium content and contact solutions. LDI researches and publishes verified profiles of influential people and organizations from the federal government, state and local governments, public and private companies, law firms and courts, media outlets, healthcare organizations, nonprofits and associations, and the U.S. Congress.LDI's unique database of 900,000 contacts and 165,000 organizations is available online, in print, and as custom data services. Our high-quality data is updated daily with 4,000+ changes verified by NYC- and DC-based staff.


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            














Michael E. Newcity - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Michael E. Newcity
Chief Innovation Officer and President, ArcBest Technologies at ArcBest


View Full Profile
Are you Michael E. Newcity? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Michael E. Newcity's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Michael E. Newcity's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Michael E. Newcity's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Michael E. Newcity through your network of contacts.
												








Michael E. Newcity's Executive Work History


Current


Chief Innovation Officer and President, ArcBest Technologies, 
ArcBest


Past
To view Michael E. Newcity's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
47

 
 


Michael E. Newcity's Biography



MICHAEL E. NEWCITY, age 45, has been Senior Vice President-Chief Innovation Officer for the Company and President of the Company's subsidiary ArcBest Technologies, Inc. since January 2015. He previously served the Company as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Information Officer from August 2013 to December 2014, and prior to that had been Vice President-Chief Financial Officer from June 2010 until July 2013, and Director-Economic Analysis from November 2007 through May 2010. Prior to that he had served as Director-E-Systems and Emerging Technologies for ABF Freight from November 2005 through October 2007.  In these capacities, Mr. Newcity led ...
(Read More)

			MICHAEL E. NEWCITY, age 45, has been Senior Vice President-Chief Innovation Officer for the Company and President of the Company's subsidiary ArcBest Technologies, Inc. since January 2015. He previously served the Company as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Information Officer from August 2013 to December 2014, and prior to that had been Vice President-Chief Financial Officer from June 2010 until July 2013, and Director-Economic Analysis from November 2007 through May 2010. Prior to that he had served as Director-E-Systems and Emerging Technologies for ABF Freight from November 2005 through October 2007.  In these capacities, Mr. Newcity led the group that provides critical analysis on topics including costing and profitability methods, incentive plans, metrics and forecasting, as well as the development and implementation of internal management systems. From January 2000 through October 2005, Mr. Newcity held several managerial positions with ABF Freight that spanned marketing, information technology and business development. He began his career with the Company in 1993 at its subsidiary, ArcBest Technologies, Inc., leading the Company's e-commerce development initiatives through December 1999. Mr. Newcity holds an M.B.A from the Walton College at the University of Arkansas.
		
Source: ArcBest on 03/13/2015
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Michael E. Newcity's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Michael E. Newcity. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Michael E. Newcity's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Michael E. Newcity's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Michael E. Newcity through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Michael E. Newcity


















Michael E. Newcity's Connections (38)





Sign up now to view Michael E. Newcity's 38 connections »









John W. Alden
Board Member, Silgan Holdings Inc.









Timothy D. Thorne
President, ABF Freight, ArcBest









Janice E. Stipp
Vice President, Finance, Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer, Rogers Corporation









Judy R. McReynolds
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, ArcBest









Frank Edelstein
Former Lead Independent Director, Ceradyne









Donald W. Pearson
Former Vice President � Treasurer, ArcBest









Christopher D. Baltz
Former Senior Vice President, Yield Management, ArcBest









Steven L. Spinner
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, United Natural Foods, Inc.









Wesley B. Kemp
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, ABF Freight System, Inc., ArcBest









Roy M. Slagle
Former Consultant, ArcBest








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















ARCB Michael E. Newcity Insider Trades for ArcBest Corp.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































ArcBest Corp.

                  NASDAQ: ARCB
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

ArcBest Corp.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 26, 2017, 4:39 p.m.


ARCB

/quotes/zigman/33230500/composite


$
21.90




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 20,723
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/33230500/composite
Previous close

$
			22.10
		


$
				21.90
			
Change

-0.20
-0.90%





Day low
Day high
$21.80
$22.25










52 week low
52 week high

            $16.95
        

            $33.95
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Michael E. Newcity



Mr. Michael E. Newcity is President at Arcbest Technologies, Inc. and Chief Innovation Officer & Senior Vice President at ArcBest Corp. He is on the Board of Directors at Mercy Health Foundation and Student Mobilization.
Mr. Newcity was previously employed as a Manager-eCommerce by ABF Freight System, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from The University of Arkansas and an MBA from the Sam M. Walton College of Business.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/12/2017
11,500


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/04/2017
2,911


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $26.25 per share.


76,414


11/14/2016
4,964


 
Disposition at $29 per share.


143,956


05/06/2016
11,500


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/02/2016
2,568


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $17.84 per share.


45,814


08/06/2015
7,265


 
Disposition at $34 per share.


247,010


07/28/2015
2,568


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $30.69 per share.


78,812


05/11/2015
5,900


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/08/2014
4,500


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/29/2014
377


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $38 per share.


14,326


11/01/2013
6,600


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/30/2013
257


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $10.51 per share.


2,702





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Ms. Judy R. McReynolds 
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. David R. Cobb 
Chief Financial Officer & Vice President




Mr. Dennis L. Anderson 
Chief Customer Experience Officer




Mr. Danny E. Loe 
Chief Yield Officer




Mr. Walter J. Echols 
Vice President-Real Estate




Mr. Michael E. Newcity 
Chief Innovation Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Eduardo F. Conrado 
Director




Mr. Michael P. Hogan 
Director




Mr. Donald W. Pearson 
Treasurer & Vice President




Mr. Dave  Darter 
Chief Sales Officer




Mr. Cheryl  Harper 
Vice President-Tax




Mr. Laura  Bogner 
Vice President-Internal Audit




Ms. Traci L. Sowersby 
Chief Accounting Officer, VP & Controller




Ms. Kathy  Fieweger 
Media Relations Contact




Mr. R. David Humphrey 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Ms. Erin K. Gattis 
Chief Human Resources Officer




Mr. Michael R. Johns 
Secretary, Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Stephen E. Gorman 
Independent Director




Ms. Kathleen D. McElligott 
Independent Director




Ms. Janice E. Stipp 
Independent Director




Dr. Craig E. Philip 
Independent Director




Mr. Steven L. Spinner 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. William M. Legg 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




5:57 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:55aU.K. to phase out scandal-hit Libor
5:51aTwitter earnings: Analysts fear that last quarter’s user increase won’t be repeated 
5:32aAB InBev profit jumps; but U.S. market share falls
5:31aEarnings preview: British Airways parent IAG
5:30aNational Express profit up 19%; upbeat on future
5:30aClariant CEO: No 'Plan B' in Huntsman merger bid
5:29aAnglo American profit gain a good sign for miners
5:29aLondon's Walkie Talkie building sold for $1.7 bln
5:28aCountryside says home prices, volumes rising
5:20aTrump’s anti-democratic presidency helps Republicans stay in power
5:19a6 simple ways to stop yourself from making stupid investment decisions
5:14aSchneider Electric to buy Asco Power for $1.25 bln
5:13aGrowth in lending to eurozone firms slows in June
5:13aThis is the make-or-break level for stock-market bulls
5:12aNext stop for Facebook shares? $200, say analysts applauding results
5:12aIndivior raises yearly forecast 
5:05aWhere you live may indicate how long you’ll live
5:03aThere’s an exhibit in Brooklyn dedicated to Nicole Richie, Lindsay Lohan and Paris Hilton
5:02aHow your pet could make you a target for scammers
5:01aCelebrate your advantages over the investing pros
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Innovation Summit 2017 | The Economist
















 

 











 Our cookie policy has changed.  Review our cookies policy for more details and to change your cookie preference.By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. 


 



 



 



 



 



 






More from The EconomistThe Economist digital editions
Newsletters
Events
Jobs.Economist.com
The Economist Store
Timekeeper reading list

My SubscriptionSubscribe to The Economist
Activate my digital subscription
Manage my subscription
Renew

Log in or register
Subscribe





Search this site:








 
  




 
 




View
Innovation Summit 2017





Innovation Summit 2017
February 28th 2017



Day 1
Tuesday February 28th



7.45am
Registration





8.45am
Opening remarks





Vijay Vaitheeswaran
China business editor, The Economist







About Vijay Vaitheeswaran

Vijay V. Vaitheeswaran is an award-winning senior correspondent for The Economist. He joined the editorial staff in 1992 as its London-based Latin America correspondent, and later opened the magazine’s first bureau in Mexico City. From 1998 to 2006, he covered energy and the environment. From 2007 to 2011, his portfolio encompassed global health, pharmaceuticals and biotechnology. Vijay opened the newspaper’s first Shanghai bureau in 2012, and currently serves as the China Business Editor & Shanghai Bureau Chief. His latest book (published by Harper Collins) is “Need, Speed and Greed: How the New Rules of Innovation Can Transform Businesses, Propel Nations to Greatness, and Tame the World’s Most Wicked Problems.” Kirkus Reviews declared it to be the “perfect primer to the post-industrial age.” He previously co-authored “ZOOM”, with Iain Carson, and “Power to the People”, two award-winning books about the future of cars and energy. Vijay is a life member of the Council on Foreign Relations and an advisor on sustainability and innovation to the World Economic Forum. His commentaries have appeared in the Wall Street Journal, Financial Times and New York Times. He is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.






9.00am
The great convergence





Alec Ross 
Author, The Industries of the Future 






Ann Winblad
Managing director, Hummer Winblad Venture Partners







About Alec Ross 

Alec Ross is a Distinguished Visiting Fellow at Johns Hopkins University and the author of the New York Times bestseller The Industries of the Future, published by Simon & Schuster. The Industries of the Future explores the technological and economic trends and developments that will shape the next ten years, from cyber-security and big data to the commercialization of genomics to the code-ification of money, markets and trust. Since its publication in February of 2016, it has gone into a 7th printing and the rights have been sold for translation into 18 languages.
Alec serves as an advisor to investors, corporations and government leaders to help them understand the implication of factors emerging at the intersection of geopolitics, markets and increasingly disruptive network technologies. He recently served for four year as Senior Advisor for Innovation to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, a role created for him by Secretary Clinton to maximize the potential of technology and innovation in service of America’s diplomatic goals. In this role, Alec acted as the diplomatic lead on a range of issues including cyber-security, Internet Freedom, disaster response and the use of network technologies in conflict zones. Previously, Alec served as the Convener for the Technology, Media & Telecommunications Policy Committee on Barack Obama’s 2008 presidential campaign and served on the Obama-Biden Presidential Transition Team. 
In 2000, he and three colleagues co-founded a technology-focused social enterprise and grew it from modest origins in a basement into a global organization serving millions of low-income people, with programs on four continents.







About Ann Winblad

Ann Winblad is a managing director of Hummer Winblad Venture Partners, a venture capital firm she co-founded in 1989. She is a well-known and respected software industry entrepreneur and technology leader. Her background and over 30 years of experience in the software industry have been chronicled in many national and international business  publications. Hummer Winblad Venture Partners was the first venture firm focused exclusively on software. In her 26-year career as a venture capitalist, Ann’s firm has launched over 160 enterprise software companies and led investments that pioneered successful companies across the enterprise software sector: Business Intelligence, Analytics, Software Development, Integration, Data Center Optimization, Cloud Computing and Security. Ann began her career as a systems programmer at the Federal Reserve Bank in Minneapolis. In 1976 Ann co-founded Open Systems, Inc., a top selling accounting software company. After the acquisition of Open Systems by UCCEL  (a NYSE company), Ann served as a strategy consultant for clients including  IBM, Microsoft, Price Waterhouse, and numerous start-ups. In addition, Ann has co-authored the book Object-Oriented Software and has written articles for numerous publications. Ann received a B.A. in mathematics and in business administration from the College of St. Catherine, as well as an M.A. in education and international economics from the University of St. Thomas, St. Paul, Minnesota. Ann also has an honorary Doctorate of Laws from the University of St. Thomas. Ann has served as a director of numerous start-up and public companies and currently serves as a director of Ace Metrix, MuleSoft, Sonatype, and OptiMine. She is a member of the Board of Trustees of the University of St. Thomas and a Board member of the Richard Schulze Family Foundation. Ann is also a member of CNBC’s Platinum Group.






Jamie Miller 
Chief executive officer, GE Transportation






Vijay Vaitheeswaran
China business editor, The Economist







About Jamie Miller 

Jamie Miller is Senior Vice President of GE and President and Chief Executive Officer of GE Transportation, a global technology leader and supplier to the rail, mining, marine, stationary power and drilling industries with annual revenue of $5.7 billion and more than 12,000 employees globally. Products include freight locomotives, such as the GE Evolution Series Tier 4, parts and services, and RailConnect™ 360 – a connected suite of software solutions that provides data-driven insights to our customers and helps them achieve mission success. Core technology from the locomotive business is extended into adjacent markets to deliver marine diesel engines, mining extraction equipment and process optimization solutions, diesel power, and motors for drill rig applications. Jamie previously served as Chief Information Officer for GE. She led the company’s global Information Technology strategy, services and operations, and delivered innovative and transformational solutions for GE, its customers and employees. Jamie joined GE in 2008 as Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Prior to joining GE, Jamie served as the Senior Vice President and Controller of WellPoint, Inc., managing investor relations, controllership, financial planning and analysis, tax and financial systems for the company. She was a partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP where she held numerous roles.
A graduate from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, Jamie serves on the Board of Girls Who Code and is a member of the Sutter Hill Ventures Advisory Board.







About Vijay Vaitheeswaran

Vijay V. Vaitheeswaran is an award-winning senior correspondent for The Economist. He joined the editorial staff in 1992 as its London-based Latin America correspondent, and later opened the magazine’s first bureau in Mexico City. From 1998 to 2006, he covered energy and the environment. From 2007 to 2011, his portfolio encompassed global health, pharmaceuticals and biotechnology. Vijay opened the newspaper’s first Shanghai bureau in 2012, and currently serves as the China Business Editor & Shanghai Bureau Chief. His latest book (published by Harper Collins) is “Need, Speed and Greed: How the New Rules of Innovation Can Transform Businesses, Propel Nations to Greatness, and Tame the World’s Most Wicked Problems.” Kirkus Reviews declared it to be the “perfect primer to the post-industrial age.” He previously co-authored “ZOOM”, with Iain Carson, and “Power to the People”, two award-winning books about the future of cars and energy. Vijay is a life member of the Council on Foreign Relations and an advisor on sustainability and innovation to the World Economic Forum. His commentaries have appeared in the Wall Street Journal, Financial Times and New York Times. He is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.







About The great convergence
 As big old industries finally undergo digital disruption, what will determine who wins or loses? Our opening panel will give an overview of the key challenges and opportunities arising as traditional industries such as agriculture, energy, finance, health care, manufacturing and transport experience digital disruption of every aspect of business. How will digital optimization and the generation of massive amounts of new data change the way in which value and profit is created? What issues should companies focus on in designing their new strategies? How can incumbents resist attacks on their business from firms that have been built on digital mastery from the start?






9.45am
When widgets meet digits:
How to profit from the internet of things




Sanjay Sarma 
Dean of digital learning, MIT






Martin Giles
Partner, Wing Venture Capital







About Sanjay Sarma 

Sanjay Sarma is vice president for open learning, dean of digital learning, and Fred Fort Flowers and Daniel Fort Flowers Professor of Mechanical Engineering at MIT. Sarma has long been at the forefront of the Internet of Things (IoT). As the co-founder of the Auto-ID Center (now Auto-ID Labs) at MIT, he has developed many of the technologies behind the Electronic Product Code (EPC) suite of RFID standards now used worldwide. He was also the founder and CTO of OATSystems, which was acquired by Checkpoint Systems in 2008. Sarma has written more than 75 academic papers on the IoT, sensing, RFID, and automation, and he has received numerous awards. As MIT’s first director (now dean) of digital learning, he has enabled millions of students to access Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) through MITx. He advises several national governments and global companies.







About Martin Giles

Martin Giles is a partner at Wing Venture Capital, a Silicon Valley-based firm that invests in business technology startups in a range of areas, from cybersecurity to cloud computing and The Internet of Things (IoT). At Wing, Martin works closely with his colleagues to develop deep and actionable research-based insights into core areas of interest to the firm and its portfolio companies. One of his most recent projects was a data-driven overview of IoT-related startup activity. Prior to joining Wing, Martin was a journalist with The Economist and most recently led its coverage of Silicon Valley. During his 26-year career at the paper, he held a number of other editorial roles and also spent a decade as an operating executive running various global business lines for The Economist Group. Martin is a senior industry fellow at the University of California Irvine’s Center For Digital Transformation and a member of the World Economic Forum’s Council on The Future of Electronics. He holds a masters degree from Oxford University and an executive MBA from the University of Chicago’s Booth Graduate School of Business.






Kevin Bandy 
Chief digital officer, Cisco






Matthew Bishop
Senior editor, The Economist Group







About Kevin Bandy 

Kevin Bandy is Cisco’s Chief Digital Officer. He has a bold vision, coupled with a diverse set of abilities—a combination of global channel development, entrepreneurship, and operational excellence—that he is using to drive the digital transformation of Cisco. A member of the Executive Leadership Team, Bandy is defining Cisco’s digital vision and strategy, functioning as a force driver behind the company’s innovation and growth. He leads the company’s digital portfolio growth efforts, working cross-functionally throughout the organization to design and implement a comprehensive model that will enable Cisco’s broad portfolio of solutions and services to be offered in the different ways our customers want to consume. In his previous role as Senior Vice President, Enterprise Transformation at Salesforce.com, Bandy was responsible for growth and market expansion by making Salesforce.com the foundation on which companies reengineer their front office operations. Creating faster responses to market transitions, increasing customer relevance, redefining ROI, and establishing greater relevance in channel partner relationships generated wider global adoption of broader cloud-enabled operating models. Prior to joining Salesforce.com, Bandy was the principal of Rhea Springs LLC, a strategy consultancy firm working with Fortune 500 senior leadership to design and execute mission-critical, multiyear business transformation programs. Before that, Bandy was brought into Accenture to establish market relevance for the firm to the growth portion of its clients' business. His efforts aided in the development of Accenture’s sales and marketing transformation practices and a market-leading SaaS practice. Before joining Accenture, he ran the growth and strategy efforts for a sales outsourcing company that assisted companies such as IBM, Apple, GE, HP, and other major companies in pursuing higher sales growth by building and running sales organizations focused on retail, direct, and indirect channels. This background, along with significant experience on the front lines managing major global sales operations, has enabled him to direct the development of innovative routes to market solutions for numerous large enterprises around the world. Bandy also worked at IBM after he successfully completed the licensing of a software company to its multimedia studios. At IBM, he served as a regional sales manager overseeing direct sales and distribution for the eastern United States and the Caribbean as well as defining global distribution strategies. Bandy received a bachelor of science degree in business administration from the University of Tennessee.







About Matthew Bishop

Matthew Bishop, senior editor, The Economist Group, is an award-winning journalist whose roles at The Economist have included business editor, Wall Street editor, globalisation editor and New York bureau chief. He is the author of several books, including Philanthrocapitalism: How Giving Can Save the World (described as “important” by president Bill Clinton) and The Road From Ruin, which set out an agenda for the reform of capitalism after the 2008 crash. He is a member of the World Economic Forum’s Global Agenda Council on Global Governance. He was the official report author of the G8 Taskforce on Social Impact Investment and a member of the advisors group of the UN International Year of Microcredit. He co-founded and advises the #givingtuesday campaign and the Social Progress Index.







About When widgets meet digits:
 Makers of physical goods are now facing a world in which everything will be connected. When should manufacturers seek to turn products into services? Where are the profit-making opportunities likely to be?






10.30am
Flash of genius 
Edible software: How food is becoming all about data




Geoffrey Woo 
Chief executive, Nootrobox 






Vijay Vaitheeswaran
China business editor, The Economist







About Geoffrey Woo 

Geoffrey Woo is CEO of Nootrobox and believes the Nootrobox team is at the forefront of a massive revolution at the intersection of digital health, genomics and things we consume. He holds a BS with Honors and Distinction in Computer Science from Stanford University.







About Vijay Vaitheeswaran

Vijay V. Vaitheeswaran is an award-winning senior correspondent for The Economist. He joined the editorial staff in 1992 as its London-based Latin America correspondent, and later opened the magazine’s first bureau in Mexico City. From 1998 to 2006, he covered energy and the environment. From 2007 to 2011, his portfolio encompassed global health, pharmaceuticals and biotechnology. Vijay opened the newspaper’s first Shanghai bureau in 2012, and currently serves as the China Business Editor & Shanghai Bureau Chief. His latest book (published by Harper Collins) is “Need, Speed and Greed: How the New Rules of Innovation Can Transform Businesses, Propel Nations to Greatness, and Tame the World’s Most Wicked Problems.” Kirkus Reviews declared it to be the “perfect primer to the post-industrial age.” He previously co-authored “ZOOM”, with Iain Carson, and “Power to the People”, two award-winning books about the future of cars and energy. Vijay is a life member of the Council on Foreign Relations and an advisor on sustainability and innovation to the World Economic Forum. His commentaries have appeared in the Wall Street Journal, Financial Times and New York Times. He is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.







About Flash of genius 
 Entire product lines and whole markets are now being created or destroyed overnight. What will rock the world next? Which new advances will transform life, business, and the global economy and who will be leading them? Economist Events will identify two key disruptors with the potential to shape the future; individuals who are already planting the seeds of catalytic change, whether as entrepreneurs, policy advocates or researchers.






10.40am
Keynote interview: 
Leading the digital revolution




Hugh Grant 
Chairman and chief executive, Monsanto Company






Matthew Bishop
Senior editor, The Economist Group







About Hugh Grant 

Hugh Grant is chairman and chief executive officer of Monsanto Company, which helps farmers sustainably nourish our growing world. Mr. Grant joined Monsanto in 1981 and has since worked on three continents in a variety of positions, including Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President. He has held the roles of Chairman and CEO since 2003. Monsanto and Mr. Grant have been recognized by numerous groups for innovation, corporate responsibility and business leadership during his tenure. Monsanto has recently been named one of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens by Corporate Responsibility Magazine; one of the World’s Most Admired Companies by FORTUNE Magazine; one of the Top 25 World’s Best Multinational Workplaces by the Great Place to Work Institute and a top 50 company for diversity by DiversityInc. Mr. Grant has been named on Barron’s list of Most Respected CEOs, the Harvard Business Review’s Top 50 Best Performing CEOs and recognized as “CEO of the Year” by Chief Executive Magazine. In 2015, employee reviews also earned Mr. Grant an honor on the Top 10 Highest-Rated CEOs list by Glassdoor.com. Mr. Grant is the lead director of PPG Industries, Inc. He serves on the Executive Committee for The Business Council and serves as chairman of Civic Progress in St. Louis. Mr. Grant also is on the Board of Trustees of Washington University and has been inducted as member of the American Academy of Arts & Sciences. Born in Larkhall, Scotland, Mr. Grant earned a Bachelor of Science degree in agricultural zoology with Honors at Glasgow University. He also earned a post-graduate degree in agriculture at Edinburgh University and a Master of Business Administration degree at the International Management Centre in Buckingham, United Kingdom.







About Matthew Bishop

Matthew Bishop, senior editor, The Economist Group, is an award-winning journalist whose roles at The Economist have included business editor, Wall Street editor, globalisation editor and New York bureau chief. He is the author of several books, including Philanthrocapitalism: How Giving Can Save the World (described as “important” by president Bill Clinton) and The Road From Ruin, which set out an agenda for the reform of capitalism after the 2008 crash. He is a member of the World Economic Forum’s Global Agenda Council on Global Governance. He was the official report author of the G8 Taskforce on Social Impact Investment and a member of the advisors group of the UN International Year of Microcredit. He co-founded and advises the #givingtuesday campaign and the Social Progress Index.







About Keynote interview: 
 A fireside chat with a Fortune 500 CEO about the challenges of going fully digital, and how they are addressing the digital revolution.






11.00am
Networking break





11.30am
Culture shock: 
The challenge of workforce transformation




Vanessa Colella
Head of Citi Ventures and chief innovation officer, Citi






Justin Rosenstein 
Co-founder, Asana







About Vanessa Colella

Vanessa Colella is the Head of Citi Ventures and Citi’s Chief Innovation Officer, focused on driving growth and innovation across the company. Deeply integrated with Citi’s businesses, Citi Ventures champions bold exploration through venture investing, innovation and lab networks, strategic partnerships, and lean startup-based initiatives.
Before assuming the role of CIO, Vanessa led venture investing and strategic growth initiatives for Citi Ventures, and previously ran marketing for Citi’s North American Consumer Bank. She joined Citibank in 2010 from U.S. Venture Partners (USVP), where she was an entrepreneur-in-residence. Prior to USVP, Vanessa was Head of NA Marketing and then SVP of Insights at Yahoo, where she was responsible for developing and executing the company’s consumer data strategy. She was previously a Partner at McKinsey & Company.
She was recognized as a Global Corporate Venturing Rising Star in 2016 (#3) and was named to Institutional Investor’s Fintech Finance 35 list in both 2015 and 2016. Her work conceiving and launching CitiBike led Citi to win Advertising Age’s 2013 Creativity Award and the Gold Pencil in 2014.
Vanessa received her masters’ degrees from Columbia University and M.I.T. as well as a Ph.D. from M.I.T.’s Media Lab. A charter member of Teach for America, she is a published author and lecturer, taught courses at the Santa Fe Institute, and previously served as a research fellow at Rockefeller University. She holds an S.B. degree in molecular biology from M.I.T. and currently serves as a member of the Corporation’s Visiting Committee for the Media Lab.







About Justin Rosenstein 

Justin Rosenstein is the co-founder of Asana, a fast-growing app that makes it easier for teams to track their work with greater clarity, accountability, and efficiency. Asana’s mission is to help humanity thrive by enabling all teams to work together effortlessly. He’s also the primary author of Wavelength, an online publication for teams who aspire to do great things together—through a mindful, purposeful approach.
Justin has driven the development of products that hundreds of millions of people use daily. At Facebook, he led projects like the Like button and Facebook Pages, and designed the in-house project management system that Facebook still relies on. At Google, he managed several products in the communication/collaboration division, and created the initial prototype for Gmail Chat. 
Justin majored in Math and got part way through a Master’s in Computer Science at Stanford.






Tom Puthiyamadam 
Global digital leader, PwC






Vijay Vaitheeswaran
China business editor, The Economist







About Tom Puthiyamadam 

Tom Puthiyamadam is a principal and Global Digital Services Leader with PwC’s Advisory practice based in New York. He is primarily focused on developing programs designed to help major organizations increase growth by adopting cutting-edge digital-first business strategies. Under his guidance, PwC’s Digital Services team has grown over 50% since launching in June, 2014, and has been recognized as a leader in Digital services. Earlier this year, PwC was named one of the world’s largest digital agencies and the world’s largest mobile marketing agency by AdAge Magazine. PwC has also named a leader in Digital Transformation, Digital Strategy, Digital Operations, Digital Products/Services, and Customer and Brand Engagement consulting services by leading analyst firms including Gartner and IDC. 
A consultant for nearly 20 years, Tom has extensive experience leading organizations in areas of business strategy, organizational design, sales effectiveness, cost reduction, change management and pricing/margin improvement. He has been at the forefront of originating some of PwC’s most critical management consulting capabilities, including the design and development of the BXT methodology, a methodology and unique way of thinking for rapid business change and growth. By breaking down the divisions that exist within companies, and focusing on approaching challenges through multiple lenses and perspectives with speed, BXT considers the essentials of Business, Experience, and Technology before setting up strategies or solutions. The BXT method brings big thinkers and builders to the table to build and implement a solution that is truly transformative.
Recently, Tom has led programs to drive global transformation initiatives for Fortune 500 organizations, developing and executing strategies to improve overall customer experience and growth. As part of this work, he advises clients on marketing, sales, service, pricing and more generally, on functions that impact overall customer experience.







About Vijay Vaitheeswaran

Vijay V. Vaitheeswaran is an award-winning senior correspondent for The Economist. He joined the editorial staff in 1992 as its London-based Latin America correspondent, and later opened the magazine’s first bureau in Mexico City. From 1998 to 2006, he covered energy and the environment. From 2007 to 2011, his portfolio encompassed global health, pharmaceuticals and biotechnology. Vijay opened the newspaper’s first Shanghai bureau in 2012, and currently serves as the China Business Editor & Shanghai Bureau Chief. His latest book (published by Harper Collins) is “Need, Speed and Greed: How the New Rules of Innovation Can Transform Businesses, Propel Nations to Greatness, and Tame the World’s Most Wicked Problems.” Kirkus Reviews declared it to be the “perfect primer to the post-industrial age.” He previously co-authored “ZOOM”, with Iain Carson, and “Power to the People”, two award-winning books about the future of cars and energy. Vijay is a life member of the Council on Foreign Relations and an advisor on sustainability and innovation to the World Economic Forum. His commentaries have appeared in the Wall Street Journal, Financial Times and New York Times. He is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.







About Culture shock: 
 The fully digital business needs to add new skills to its workforce, lose some traditional skill sets, and forge a dynamic team out of old workers and new. This is arguably the toughest leadership challenge as traditional firms transform themselves for the digital age. What sort of corporate culture is most likely to succeed? How do business leaders ensure the right mix of employees and get them to work well together? How can large firms add the “agile” dynamic lean entrepreneurial approaches pioneered by Silicon Valley firms to the engineering excellence and corporate resilience long cherished by traditional companies?






12.10pm
Rethinking interfaces:
Profiting from voice, touch, augmented and virtual reality 




David Jones
Founder and chief executive, "You & Mr Jones"






Steven Kan 
Head of global strategy, AR and VR, Google







About David Jones

Honored by the World Economic Forum as a Young Global Leader, David Jones is an industry visionary, proponent of corporate responsibility and social change and The Guardian’s 2013 Sustainable Business Leader. David recently raised $350 million and launched "You & Mr Jones", the world’s first Brandtech© group, to bridge the gap between brands and technology. Since launch, the group has completed 3 acquisitions, made 10 investments – including being an early investor in Niantic (Pokemon Go) - launched 2 start-ups, has offices in 12 cities and is working with leading brands including Accenture, Airbnb, Facebook, Google, Netflix, Richemont, Samsung & Unilever. Previously he was the youngest global CEO in the history of advertising, heading both Havas and Havas Worldwide, and the only British CEO of a French publicly traded company. Under David’s leadership, Havas’s share price reached a 10 year high, delivering record profits every reporting period, increasing its market capitalization by 66% and creating over $1billion of shareholder value. He was also retained as a personal advisor to Bollore Group Chairman Vincent Bollore. David was one of the founding members of the Facebook Client Council and is the only person to have both advised Facebook and run a publicly traded communications group. He was inducted into the American Advertising Federation’s Hall of Achievement in 2005, and was voted one of the two top executives of the decade by readers of Adweek. He is the founder of One Young World (described by CNN as the “Young Davos”), a nonprofit organization that provides brilliant young leaders with a global platform through which to effect positive change, and was the driving force behind Kofi Annan’s TckTckTck Campaign for Climate Justice. He also worked very closely with David Cameron and the UK Conservative Party from 2007 up to and including Cameron’s election as prime minister in 2010. David is the creator of the Social Business Idea® and author of best-selling book Who Cares Wins: Why Good Business Is Better Business, published in 2011 by Pearson/Financial Times Publishing in over 50 countries.







About Steven Kan 

As Google's head of AR and VR Global Strategy, Steven Kan is responsible for identifying new AR and VR growth opportunities and ensuring Google is well positioned for long-term success in the AR and VR industries. Steven joined Google in 2011 and helped launch and grow Google Drive, Chrome OS, and On Hub, consumer products which are now used by hundreds of millions of people worldwide. In 2014 he took over new business development responsibilities for Android, IoT, and VR where he managed technology and content partnerships for products such as Google Cardboard, the world's largest VR platform. Before joining Google, Steven was Vice President of Business Operations at Apture (acquired by Google). Prior to Apture, Steven was with venture firms Clearstone and Redpoint where he helped incubate multiple companies including the online video technology company Ankeena Networks (acquired by Juniper). Steven began in online media at Overture (acquired by Yahoo) where he helped start and grow the contextual advertising business to a $100 million run rate. Steven studied Applied Physics at Yale and has an MBA from UCLA Anderson where he was Venture Fellow. He lives in Northern California and can be found sailing the Bay or skiing in Lake Tahoe with his wife and two children.






Matthew Bishop
Senior editor, The Economist Group






Vivian Rosenthal 
Founder, Snaps







About Matthew Bishop

Matthew Bishop, senior editor, The Economist Group, is an award-winning journalist whose roles at The Economist have included business editor, Wall Street editor, globalisation editor and New York bureau chief. He is the author of several books, including Philanthrocapitalism: How Giving Can Save the World (described as “important” by president Bill Clinton) and The Road From Ruin, which set out an agenda for the reform of capitalism after the 2008 crash. He is a member of the World Economic Forum’s Global Agenda Council on Global Governance. He was the official report author of the G8 Taskforce on Social Impact Investment and a member of the advisors group of the UN International Year of Microcredit. He co-founded and advises the #givingtuesday campaign and the Social Progress Index.







About Vivian Rosenthal 

Vivian Rosenthal is an award winning designer and an entrepreneur. She received a B.A. from Brown University and a Masters in Architecture from Columbia University. Vivian is the founder of Snaps, the largest SaaS platform connecting brands to millennials in the mobile messaging space. Over 100 brands including Nike, Marriott Hotels, Burger King, Pespi, L’Oreal and Unilever use the Snaps platform. Prior to Snaps, Vivian was the Founder in Residence at 30 Weeks, Google's design driven incubator, where she mentored and advised over 30 startups. Vivian is the co-founder of Lavva, a plant based yogurt coming to market in summer 2017. Crain’s New York Business selected Vivian as one of 16 women making headlines for the impact their work is having at their companies, in their industries and on the city and was featured on the June 2014 cover. The Wall Street Journal selected her company Snaps as one of the top 25 startups in the US. Vivian was named one of Creativity Magazine’s top 50 Global Creatives and she has spoken at numerous conferences on the intersection of design, advertising and technology. She won the Microsoft Storytelling Award for the US in the brand category and was selected as one of the five women CEOs for the L’Oreal Next Awards, honoring women in technology and advertising. Vivian has appeared on Good Morning America with Sheryl Sandberg to help her promote women leaders and entrepreneurs and spoke on Bloomberg TV, as well as being featured in Fast Company, Wired, WSJ, AdWeek and numerous other publications. She is also a two time TEDx speaker.







About Rethinking interfaces:
 What does the rise of voice, chatbots, VR and AR say about the future of businesses? Augmented and virtual reality games such as Pokémon GO and voice operated devices such as Amazon’s Echo and Google Home have caught on fast with consumers. Our panel explores the potential for a new reality in the business world.






1.15pm
Lunch panel
The age of machine learning: What artificial intelligence will and will not change




Michael Rhodin
Senior vice-president, IBM Watson Business Development






Ajay Agrawal 
Professor of strategic management, Rotman School of Management, University of Toronto 







About Michael Rhodin

Mike Rhodin is Senior Vice President, Watson Business Development. Watson is one of IBM’s most significant innovations in the company’s 103-year history and represents a new era of information technology. IBM Watson is charged with accelerating a new class of “cognitive” solutions, services and apps that will fuel a diverse cloud-based ecosystem of enterprises, academic institutions and entrepreneurs.
Mike was previously Senior Vice President, IBM Watson Group. Under Mike’s leadership, Watson moved from a groundbreaking research project in artificial intelligence and machine learning to two thriving business units: Watson and Watson Health.
Before heading up Watson, Mike led the Software Solutions Group delivering industry-specific solutions in high-growth areas such as Business Analytics, Smarter Commerce, Smarter Cities and Social Business.
Throughout his 30 years at IBM, Mike’s career has been infused with a passion for helping clients extract value from their technology investments, improving their business performance, and simplifying the way people work.
Mike has held a number of general management positions across IBM, including the Software business where he led the introduction of IBM's social business platform, which IDC has deemed #1 for four years in a row. He was also instrumental in helping build IBM’s globally integrated enterprise when he lead IBM Northeast Europe, which included Germany, UK, Switzerland, Austria and the Nordics.
A major champion of technology and IBM’s advancements in the industry, Mike has delivered a number of speeches worldwide, including Carnegie Endowment for International Peace and Harvard Law School. He also serves on the Partnership of New York City Board and the University of Michigan Computer Science and Engineering National Advisory Board.
Mike joined IBM in 1984 after he graduated from the University of Michigan with a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science.







About Ajay Agrawal 

Ajay Agrawal is the Peter Munk Professor of Entrepreneurship at the University of Toronto's Rotman School of Management where he conducts research on the economics of artificial intelligence, science policy, entrepreneurial finance, and geography of innovation. Professor Agrawal is a Research Associate at the National Bureau of Economic Research in Cambridge, MA, co-founder of The Next 36 and NextAI, and founder of the Creative Destruction Lab. He is also a co-founder of Kindred.  The company’s mission is to build machines with human-like intelligence.






Shruti Gandhi
Managing partner, Array Ventures






Vijay Vaitheeswaran
China business editor, The Economist







About Shruti Gandhi

Shruti is a managing partner at Array Ventures. Shruti brings a strong mix of operating and investing experience. Previously, Shruti was an early stage venture capital investor at True Ventures, Samsung Electronics, Lightbank, HighBAR Partners, and the i2A Fund. Shruti started working with Machine Learning algorithms while working on her master's thesis in computer science from Columbia University on understanding user behavior on instant messaging platforms. While at IBM she worked on self learning algorithms that detected user location based on IP addresses, which she later incorporated into the Lotus Sametime product. Later, her company Penseev helped users make better connections with their friends based on social data. When not investing, she is hacking on some app or thinking about ways she can be in many places at one time. Shruti also has an MBA from the University of Chicago, where she polished her finance skills before making the switch from engineer/founder to investor.







About Vijay Vaitheeswaran

Vijay V. Vaitheeswaran is an award-winning senior correspondent for The Economist. He joined the editorial staff in 1992 as its London-based Latin America correspondent, and later opened the magazine’s first bureau in Mexico City. From 1998 to 2006, he covered energy and the environment. From 2007 to 2011, his portfolio encompassed global health, pharmaceuticals and biotechnology. Vijay opened the newspaper’s first Shanghai bureau in 2012, and currently serves as the China Business Editor & Shanghai Bureau Chief. His latest book (published by Harper Collins) is “Need, Speed and Greed: How the New Rules of Innovation Can Transform Businesses, Propel Nations to Greatness, and Tame the World’s Most Wicked Problems.” Kirkus Reviews declared it to be the “perfect primer to the post-industrial age.” He previously co-authored “ZOOM”, with Iain Carson, and “Power to the People”, two award-winning books about the future of cars and energy. Vijay is a life member of the Council on Foreign Relations and an advisor on sustainability and innovation to the World Economic Forum. His commentaries have appeared in the Wall Street Journal, Financial Times and New York Times. He is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.







About Lunch panel
 Artificial intelligence has become one of the hottest topics in business. An army of startups has been funded to pursue the commercial opportunities, whilst the bosses of big companies increasingly look to implement AI strategies at scale. This has encouraged hopes of massive efficiency gains as machines learn to get ever better in their crunching of increasing volumes of data to understand what works. Yet at the same time, there have also been darker predictions, from machines taking all the jobs once done by humans (Bill Gates even wants to tax robots to slow down this shift) to possible existential threats to humanity. In this panel, our speakers will explore the reality behind the hype: where over the next few years will AI really disrupt business, what sort of efficiency gains will be created and what sorts of jobs will be destroyed and which not - and what sort and how many new jobs will be created as a result?






2.15pm
Now the customer really is king:
New frontiers in customer centricity




Robert Wolcott
Clinical professor of innovation and entrepreneurship, Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University






Dan Creekmore 
Group director, Facebook 







About Robert Wolcott

Wolcott is Co-Founder & Executive Director of the Kellogg Innovation Network (KIN) and a Clinical Professor of Innovation and Entrepreneurship at the Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University and formerly a visiting professor at the Keio Business School (Japan). Wolcott won Teacher of the Year from Kellogg’s EMBA program in 2013, 2014 and 2015.  He has served on the advisory boards of Nordic Innovation for the Nordic Council, Oslo, Norway; the Kraft Foods Global Technology Council (GTC); and GE’s Innovation Accelerator.  Wolcott is also a managing partner with Clareo, a growth strategy consultancy serving senior executives at global corporations such as Exelon, Castrol, Johnson Controls, Owens Corning and others. His book with Dr. Michael Lippitz, Grow From Within:  Mastering Corporate Entrepreneurship and Innovation (McGraw-Hill, 2010) shares a decade of research and has been published in Chinese and Japanese.  Wolcott’s work has appeared in MIT Sloan Management Review, strategy+business, The Harvard Business Review (online), The Wall Street Journal, Advertising Age, Business Week, The Financial Times (European Edition), The New York Times and numerous overseas publications.  He is a frequent speaker at events worldwide. In 2003, Wolcott founded the Kellogg Innovation Network (KIN), a network of senior executives dedicated to driving sustainable innovation.  The KIN’s annual summit, KIN Global, takes place in late spring and includes leaders from around the world who collaborate around issues of significance for their organizations and for humanity (www.kinglobal.org).  Wolcott is also an active angel investor in enterprises such as crowd funding leader Indiegogo (www.indiegogo.com), student loan innovator Lumni (www.lumni.net), legal documentation platform Page Vault (www.page-vault.com/), healthcare data and analytics providers SA Ignite (www.saignite.com) and ClearCare Online (exited to Battery Ventures) and international art show, EXPO Chicago (www.expochicago.com). Wolcott received a BA, European and Chinese History; and an MS and Ph.D., Industrial Engineering & Management Science, Northwestern University.







About Dan Creekmore 

Dan joined Facebook in 2009 and currently leads vertical client teams in North America within Facebook’s Marketing Science organization. In this role, Dan works with marketers and agencies to understand the business impact of marketing efforts both on and off Facebook. Prior to his current role, Dan was responsible for Facebook’s strategy and partnerships within the Automotive industry.  Dan has also previously led Facebook’s work with some of its largest US partners, including Walmart and American Express.
Before Facebook, Dan spent six years at The Nielsen Company and was instrumental in the launch and development of Yahoo! Consumer Direct - the leading online marketing product for the Consumer Package Goods Industry. Following his time at Nielsen, Dan was Vice President of Business Development in the US, Canada and the UK for BzzAgent, a pioneer company in the world of social media, where Dan managed clients such as Colgate-Palmolive, P&G Cosmetics, L’Oreal and Unilever. 
Dan has been a speaker on both social media and media measurement topics in the U.S. and U.K., and is a graduate of the University of Delaware.






Lucy Beard 
Founder and chief executive, Feetz 






Matthew Bishop
Senior editor, The Economist Group







About Lucy Beard 

Lucy is a former mathematician and actuary who grew to love customers more than numbers during her years working as an executive in Silicon Valley.  She experienced her entrepreneurial epiphany one day while she was shoe shopping and realized she could customize her coffee order, but when it came to buying shoes she was stuck with the same ten size options.  It was then that this two-time Ironman finisher decided to focus all her considerable talents and energy on reinventing the footwear industry. In 2013, Feetz was created and today is the world’s largest manufacturer of 3D printed custom shoes, all made in San Diego, California, proudly in the USA. Combining technology and innovation, Feetz’ Size Me System digital scanner was designed to quickly capture 5,000 data points and 22 dimensions of one’s unique feet to produce a customized 3D printed shoe in less than 2 weeks. Fast Company named Lucy Beard as one of 2016’s Most Creative People.







About Matthew Bishop

Matthew Bishop, senior editor, The Economist Group, is an award-winning journalist whose roles at The Economist have included business editor, Wall Street editor, globalisation editor and New York bureau chief. He is the author of several books, including Philanthrocapitalism: How Giving Can Save the World (described as “important” by president Bill Clinton) and The Road From Ruin, which set out an agenda for the reform of capitalism after the 2008 crash. He is a member of the World Economic Forum’s Global Agenda Council on Global Governance. He was the official report author of the G8 Taskforce on Social Impact Investment and a member of the advisors group of the UN International Year of Microcredit. He co-founded and advises the #givingtuesday campaign and the Social Progress Index.






Martha Cotton
Group design director, Fjord







About Martha Cotton

Martha has over twenty years consulting experience, working as an applied ethnographer across multiple industries and collaborating with a range of practitioners including designers, engineers, business analysts, marcomms, and brand strategists. Prior to joining Fjord, she was a partner at gravitytank and led the Design Research practice. She also served as gravitytank's chief marketing officer for two years. Past experience also includes leadership roles at HLB, Hall & Partners and Sapient.Martha is on the faculty of Northwestern University's MMM program--the Kellogg School of Management's marquee Design Thinking degree--where she developed and now teaches the Design Research curriculum. A frequent writer and speaker on the intersection of anthropology and business, Martha's article "The Shelf Life of Data" was recently published in "The Handbook of Anthropology in Business" (LeftCoast Press, 2014. Denny, Sunderland editors). She holds a BA in English from Indiana University, and an MA in Performance Studies from Northwestern University.







About Now the customer really is king:
 Wherever it takes place, digital transformation tends to increase the power of customers, and reward those firms which best figure out how to make the customer king. It can also generate new customers in unexpected places, and lead to fundamental shifts in how products are designed to satisfy their needs. Recent developments such as 3D printing hold out the prospect of fundamental shifts in supply chains to locate production and maintenance close to the customer. This panel will explore the implications of the new customer centricity in those industries that have not yet felt the full heat of digital disruption, but are about to.






3.00pm
Digital Supply Chain


Sensing, analyzing and acting on real-time data



Tom Bianculli 
Chief technology officer, Zebra Technologies






Michael Newcity
Senior vice-president and chief innovation officer, ArcBest Corporation







About Tom Bianculli 

Tom Bianculli serves as the Chief Technology Officer (CTO) of Zebra Technologies. In this role, Bianculli is responsible for the exploration of emerging opportunities, coordinating with product teams on advanced product development and Internet of Things (IoT) initiatives. The Chief Technology Office is comprised of engineering, business, customer research and design functions. Bianculli started in the industry with Symbol Technologies, Inc. (later acquired by Motorola) in 1994 as part of the data capture solutions business. In the following years, Bianculli held positions of increased responsibility including architectural and director of engineering roles. As larger investments were made in the emerging imaging data capture product category, Bianculli provided technical leadership for the business in that area and co-led the development of the company’s first imager-based two-dimensional handheld data capture product while on assignment in Japan.
Bianculli went on to form the Emerging Business Office (EBO) at Motorola to explore new opportunities adjacent to the core businesses. Since Zebra Technologies’ acquisition of Motorola Solutions’ Enterprise Business in 2014, Bianculli’s team has been focused on executing on initiatives that advance the company’s Enterprise Asset Intelligence strategy by delivering data-driven product offerings in this emerging category. Bianculli has been granted over 20 U.S. patents and is a Zebra Distinguished Innovator and Science Advisory Board Associate. Bianculli holds Bachelor of Science and Master of Science degrees in Electrical Engineering from Polytechnic University, NYU. He also serves on the Board of Directors for the School of Engineering for the New York Institute of Technology.







About Michael Newcity

Michael E. Newcity was named senior vice president - chief innovation officer of ArcBest Corporation and President of ArcBest Technologies, a subsidiary of ArcBest, effective January 2015. During his 20-plus year tenure with ArcBest, Mr. Newcity has led and progressed several strategic, crossfunctional initiatives focused on enterprise-wide advancements in business intelligence, e-commerce, market research, and strategy management. The company has been recognized for information technology work under Newcity's direction in a number of publications, including chief innovation officer and Information Week. Mr. Newcity began his career with Data-Tronics Corp. (now ArcBest Technologies) in 1993. He also served as manager of E-Systems & Market Development and manager of E-Commerce at ABF Freight and director of E-Systems & Emerging Technologies and director of Economic Analysis at ArcBest Corporation. He was named ArcBest’s chief financial officer in 2010, and in August 2013, his responsibilities were expanded to oversee corporate information technology and economic analysis as senior vice-president and chief innovation officer. He served as ArcBest chief financial officer and chief innovation officer through the end of 2014. Mr. Newcity serves on several boards, including Student Mobilization, a non-profit collegiate organization, the Mercy Health Foundation and the Dean’s Leadership Council for the College of Business at the University of Arkansas, Fort Smith. He holds a bachelor's degree in computer information systems from the University of Arkansas, which awarded him the Senior Honor Citation, the university’s top undergraduate honor. He also holds an M.B.A. from the Walton College at the University of Arkansas and received the Donald W. Reynolds Governor’s Cup for promoting entrepreneurship.






Newsha Ghaeli 
Project lead, Senseable City Lab, MIT






Court Carruthers
Founder, CKAL Advisory Partners and former group president, Grainger 







About Newsha Ghaeli 

Newsha Ghaeli explores the future of cities through the transformative power of technology. She is currently a research associate at MIT and project lead at the Senseable City Lab: a group dedicated to understanding cities through advancements in big data analytics, data visualization techniques, and increased computing power. Newsha’s work focuses on the creative application of sensor-based technologies in urban systems to generate new data streams promoting resilient, efficient, and intelligent cities. Newsha is currently managing Underworlds: a multi-departmental project detecting pathogens in sewage to monitor urban health parameters, shaping more inclusive public health strategies, and pushing the boundaries of urban epidemiology. She works across research and design to project management and stakeholder engagement. In 2015 Newsha was selected by the World Economic Forum as a Global Shaper: a group of leaders under the age of 30 promoting change in their respective communities.







About Court Carruthers

Court is the founder of CKAL Advisory Partners, providing private equity advisory services in the distribution, eCommerce, and supply chain sectors. He is a Director of US Foods (NYSE: USFD), Ryerson Holding Corp. (NYSE: RYI), Foundation Building Materials (NYSE: FBM), and a number of private companies. Previously Court served as Group President at Grainger where he led the company’s $9 billion business in North and South America, as well as eCommerce and innovation for the company.  He has served as President, Grainger U.S.; President, Grainger International; and President, Acklands-Grainger, and is a past Director of Monotaro, a leading Japanese eCommerce distributor. Court holds a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Alberta, an MBA from Queen’s University, is a Chartered Professional Accountant (Canada), and an Institute Certified Director. He has completed the Directors Education Program at the University of Toronto and the Advanced Management Program at the University of Chicago.






Vijay Vaitheeswaran
China business editor, The Economist







About Vijay Vaitheeswaran

Vijay V. Vaitheeswaran is an award-winning senior correspondent for The Economist. He joined the editorial staff in 1992 as its London-based Latin America correspondent, and later opened the magazine’s first bureau in Mexico City. From 1998 to 2006, he covered energy and the environment. From 2007 to 2011, his portfolio encompassed global health, pharmaceuticals and biotechnology. Vijay opened the newspaper’s first Shanghai bureau in 2012, and currently serves as the China Business Editor & Shanghai Bureau Chief. His latest book (published by Harper Collins) is “Need, Speed and Greed: How the New Rules of Innovation Can Transform Businesses, Propel Nations to Greatness, and Tame the World’s Most Wicked Problems.” Kirkus Reviews declared it to be the “perfect primer to the post-industrial age.” He previously co-authored “ZOOM”, with Iain Carson, and “Power to the People”, two award-winning books about the future of cars and energy. Vijay is a life member of the Council on Foreign Relations and an advisor on sustainability and innovation to the World Economic Forum. His commentaries have appeared in the Wall Street Journal, Financial Times and New York Times. He is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.







About Sensing, analyzing and acting on real-time data
 Sponsored by Zebra Technologies
The digital supply chain is an ecosystem where artificial intelligence, robots and actionable data work together with people to enable new levels of productivity. Augmented productivity and real-time data are allowing businesses all over the world to affordably make mass-customized products and sell them at a premium. Healthcare, retail, manufacturing, and transportation industries are all greatly benefiting from an ecosystem that synchronizes end-to-end supply chain data while creating a more sophisticated and efficient workflow. How are the early adopters overcoming supply chain challenges and profiting from new production strategies? What's the untapped potential of this fluid exchange of ideas and real-time data transmission? How can businesses turn operational data from perishable clutter into real-time, customer-driven insights that enable new revenue opportunities? And how will this impact the way work gets done by an increasingly mobile workforce?





Digitising healthcare: Patient innovation



Niven Narain
Co-founder, president and chief executive officer, Berg Health






Roy Smythe
Chief medical officer for Healthcare Informatics, Philips







About Niven Narain

Niven R. Narain is co-founder, president, and chief executive of BERG. His foremost passion is to improve healthcare systems and patient care through the fusion of AI and patient biology to develop the next generation of therapeutics. As chief executive, Niven drives the vision of BERG’s translational engine from discovery to clinical development and ensures that BERG is collaborating with like-minded institutions to advance product development.  He discovered Interrogative Biology, BERG’s flagship platform that has created a robust pipeline of products in cancer, diabetes, and CNS diseases. BPM 31510 is BERG’s lead asset in solid tumors which is currently in Phase II trials.  He is inventor on over 600 issued and pending patents over a diverse range of assets in drugs and diagnostics. Niven is former director of Cutaneous Oncology at the Miller School of Medicine where he received graduate training in cancer biology and clinical dermatology research. He is the recipient of an NIH Award of Excellence. He currently serves on the NASA Gene Lab Steering committee and oversees key DoD and academic relationships for BERG.







About Roy Smythe

Dr. Roy Smythe is Chief Medical Officer for Healthcare Informatics at Philips where he works across the spectrum of devices, solutions and services to bring comprehensive offerings capable of changing healthcare delivery to the market for clients.  He is also the founder and CEO of Ütré - a consulting firm working both with growth stage healthcare companies in the U.S. and Northern Europe. Recently, he was the Chief Medical Officer for Valence Health and prior, he was the first CMO for AVIA, a provider-led healthcare technology accelerator, and CEO of HX360, a HIMSS/AVIA joint healthcare leadership initiative convening health system evaluation and executive education. Before moving to the private sector, Dr. Smythe was Senior Vice President for Institute Development, and the Medical Director of Innovation for the Scott & White Healthcare system in Texas. He was also Professor of Surgery, Medicine, and Molecular Medicine, and the Glen and Rita K. Roney Endowed Chair for Texas A&M University medical school.  His time at Scott & White and Texas A&M followed a very successful early clinical and research career at the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center. During his academic career, he received the award of tenure from both the Texas A&M University and University of Texas systems. Dr. Smythe is an honors graduate of the Texas A&M University College of Medicine where he won the Anderson Medal as the outstanding graduating senior student for academic achievement.  Following medical school, during which time he was a Dana Foundation Scholar at the Wharton School of Business, he trained in general, oncologic, and cardiothoracic surgery, as well as molecular therapeutics research at the University of Pennsylvania. He is a recognized industry thought leader and commentator, and has published more than 300 articles and manuscripts on various healthcare topics - ranging from molecular biology to the more humane aspects of care.  In addition to clinical and scientific sources - he has written for DISCOVER magazine, Forbes.com and the LinkedIn Healthcare Channel.






Vindell Washington
Former national coordinator for health information technology, Health and Human Services






Matthew Bishop
Senior editor, The Economist Group







About Vindell Washington

Dr. Vindell Washington is the former National Coordinator for Health Information Technology (ONC) and provides high-level executive direction and leadership for ONC programs, operations, and policies and advances key Administration initiatives, such as delivery system reform, the Precision Medicine Initiative, and implementation of the Interoperability Roadmap. Prior to joining ONC, Dr. Washington served as the president of the Franciscan Missionaries of Our Lady Health System (FMOLHS) Medical Group and as the health system’s chief medical information officer. The FMOL Health System is headquartered in Baton Rouge and has five acute care hospitals and affiliated facilities located throughout Louisiana provide care to 40% of the state’s population.Dr. Washington's primary responsibility was to develop and execute ambulatory strategies for the health system with a focus on transforming ambulatory care delivery models. In this role, he led over 500 physicians, advanced practitioners and 1,400 employees in more than 70 care locations throughout Louisiana. Additionally, his responsibilities included quality and process improvement.  He was also the senior accountable executive for information technology for FMOLHS.  During his tenure, the health system has been an early adopter of technology including solutions including the integration of medical device information into the electronic health record and the widespread deployment of clinical decision support within the provider documentation workflow. FMOLHS has been recognized as an Information Week Top 500 Company and the institution’s help desk has won the Help Desk Institute best in class award.  Before joining FMOLHS, Dr. Washington served as chief executive of Piedmont Healthcare Management Group (PHMG) in Charlotte, North Carolina where he led the development efforts of coding and billing process technologies. PHMG was sold to Anodyne Health, which in turn was acquired by AthenaHealth. Before PHMG, he was president and chief executive of Piedmont Emergency Medicine Associates, also located in Charlotte, NC, where he led a 70 provider hospitalist medicine and emergency medicine group. Dr. Washington received a Bachelor of Science from Pennsylvania State University and a Doctor of Medicine from the University of Virginia. He earned his Master of Science in Healthcare Management from the Harvard University School of Public Health. He is board certified in Emergency Medicine and a Fellow of the American College of Emergency Physicians.







About Matthew Bishop

Matthew Bishop, senior editor, The Economist Group, is an award-winning journalist whose roles at The Economist have included business editor, Wall Street editor, globalisation editor and New York bureau chief. He is the author of several books, including Philanthrocapitalism: How Giving Can Save the World (described as “important” by president Bill Clinton) and The Road From Ruin, which set out an agenda for the reform of capitalism after the 2008 crash. He is a member of the World Economic Forum’s Global Agenda Council on Global Governance. He was the official report author of the G8 Taskforce on Social Impact Investment and a member of the advisors group of the UN International Year of Microcredit. He co-founded and advises the #givingtuesday campaign and the Social Progress Index.







About Digitising healthcare: Patient innovation
 Digitisation of healthcare records has paved the way for a far more informed, innovative, and personalised care paradigm. Consumers now have access to tailored information about DNA, disposition to contract disease, and risk for certain conditions. Individuals armed with such data position themselves to avoid dangerous behaviors and take action to promote wellness or invest in specific treatment options. While creating opportunities for new businesses, the blooming digital health market faces a significant challenge: integrating patient-generated data into the workflow of caregivers without overwhelming them. How can artificial intelligence help? Will wearable technologies have a key role in the future of digital health as they gain traction in user adoption? How to streamline data entry, data sharing, and care coordination while protecting the privacy of patient information?







3.40pm
Networking break





4.10pm
Fireside chat with J.B. Pritzker 
Digital disruption in America's manufacturing heartland 




 J.B. Pritzker
Co-founder and managing partner, Pritzker Group






Matthew Bishop
Senior editor, The Economist Group







About  J.B. Pritzker

.B. Pritzker founded Pritzker Group Venture Capital in 1996 and grew it into the largest technology venture investor between the coasts and co-founded Pritzker Group Private Capital in 2002. Having served on numerous startup and late stage company boards, among Pritzker Group Private Capital companies, today he serves as Chairman of audio-visual mounting and display solutions manufacturer Milestone AV Technologies, sustainable consumer packaging producer LBP Manufacturing, pallet rental services provider PECO Pallet, and dining and sightseeing cruise company Entertainment Cruises. He is actively engaged in management oversight.
Mr. Pritzker is a recognized entrepreneurial leader advocating a stronger national technology sector focus as a driver of the US economy. He founded 1871, one of the world’s leading incubators, and served as the founding chairman of ChicagoNEXT, Chicago’s council on innovation and technology. In that capacity, he led the first Chicago Venture Summit and participated in the creation of MATTER, Chicago’s co-working space for entrepreneurs in healthcare IT, medical devices, diagnostics and biopharma. He played an important role in the creation of the Illinois Venture Capital Association, the nation’s top regional private equity association, and the Chicagoland Entrepreneurial Center, the leading regional advocate for entrepreneurs. He also co-founded Chicago Ventures (f.k.a. I2A Fund) and funded the startup of Techstars Chicago.
Pritzker has won numerous business awards, including EY’s Master Entrepreneur of the Year Award, ACG’s Lifetime Achievement Award, Tech Investor of the Year by the Moxie Awards, Entrepreneur Champion by the Chicagoland Entrepreneurial Center, and numerous awards from Young Presidents Organization. Mr. Pritzker earned an A.B. in political science from Duke University and a J.D. from the Northwestern University School of Law.







About Matthew Bishop

Matthew Bishop, senior editor, The Economist Group, is an award-winning journalist whose roles at The Economist have included business editor, Wall Street editor, globalisation editor and New York bureau chief. He is the author of several books, including Philanthrocapitalism: How Giving Can Save the World (described as “important” by president Bill Clinton) and The Road From Ruin, which set out an agenda for the reform of capitalism after the 2008 crash. He is a member of the World Economic Forum’s Global Agenda Council on Global Governance. He was the official report author of the G8 Taskforce on Social Impact Investment and a member of the advisors group of the UN International Year of Microcredit. He co-founded and advises the #givingtuesday campaign and the Social Progress Index.






4.30pm
New kids on the blockchain: 
How the new trust engine can power businesses 




Brian Behlendorf 
Executive director, Hyperledger and founder, Apache Software Foundation






Jamie Smith 
Chief marketing officer, The Bitfury Group







About Brian Behlendorf 

Brian Behlendorf is the Executive Director of Hyperledger Project. Behlendorf was a primary developer of the Apache Web server, the most popular web server software on the Internet, and a founding member of the Apache Software Foundation. He has also served on the board of the Mozilla Foundation since 2003 and the Electronic Frontier Foundation since 2013. He was the founding CTO of CollabNet and CTO of the World Economic Forum. Most recently, Behlendorf was a managing director at Mithril Capital Management LLC, a global technology investment firm.







About Jamie Smith 

As Global Chief Communications and Marketing Officer for The Bitfury Group – the world’s leading full service Blockchain company – Smith works to fundamentally enhance and positively advance the way the global community does business, transfers value, and opens up new doors to prosperity for billions of people throughout the world. Smith has dedicated her career to making lives better, improving security, and ensuring opportunity is available to all.  Smith brings nearly two decades of communications experience, serving at the highest levels of government and the private sector, to the financial technology arena.  
Smith previously served as Special Assistant to President Obama and deputy White House press secretary, Executive Vice President at Edelman Public Relations, Director of Public Affairs for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) and General James Clapper, Communications Director for the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation under its then Chairman John D (Jay) Rockefeller IV, Traveling Press Director for Secretary Hillary Clinton’s 2008 Presidential Campaign, Communications Director for former Secretary of State Madeleine K. Albright and The Albright Group, LLC. and policy aide to Congresswoman Nita M. Lowey (D-NY). 
Jamie speaks regularly around the world – from Money 2020 to the World Economic Forum at Davos to the Clinton Global Initiative – she is an industry expert in the emerging technology of Blockchain.  She serves as the Co-Chair of the World Economic Forum’s Future Council on Blockchain.  She is the creator and founder of the Global Blockchain Business Council and the co-creator of the Blockchain Trust Accelerator and was recently recognized by Innovate Finance on the Women in FinTech 2016 Powerlist.  Jamie also serves as a member of the Advisory Board for the Bretton Woods II initiative at New America.






Kyle Culver
Solution architect, Humana






Matthew Bishop
Senior editor, The Economist Group







About Kyle Culver

Kyle Culver is a thought leader in Consumer Innovation. Mr. Culver holds Bachelor of Science and Masters of Engineering degrees in Computer Engineering and Computer Science, as well as an MBA in Entrepreneurship, all from the University of Louisville. For the past 15 years, he has demonstrated his passion for software engineering across a wide variety of IT roles concentrating on development, integration, architecture and quality assurance. In his current role at Humana, Inc., Mr. Culver is a key member of the firm’s Business and Technology Leadership team and recently named a winner in a Blockchain challenge hosted by the Department of Health and Human Services’ Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology (ONC).







About Matthew Bishop

Matthew Bishop, senior editor, The Economist Group, is an award-winning journalist whose roles at The Economist have included business editor, Wall Street editor, globalisation editor and New York bureau chief. He is the author of several books, including Philanthrocapitalism: How Giving Can Save the World (described as “important” by president Bill Clinton) and The Road From Ruin, which set out an agenda for the reform of capitalism after the 2008 crash. He is a member of the World Economic Forum’s Global Agenda Council on Global Governance. He was the official report author of the G8 Taskforce on Social Impact Investment and a member of the advisors group of the UN International Year of Microcredit. He co-founded and advises the #givingtuesday campaign and the Social Progress Index.







About New kids on the blockchain: 
 There is growing excitement about the potential of blockchain technology to disrupt a wide range of industries through what a cover story of The Economist called its decentralised trust machine. But how is that hope progressing in practice? In this panel, speakers engaged in some pioneering blockchain initiatives, from finance to healthcare, will discuss what they have learnt so far and what needs to happen for blockchain really to take off.






5.00pm
The flight of the future:
What will commercial plane travel be like in 10 years time?




Rodin Lyasoff 
Chief executive, A³, Airbus Group  






Michael Small 
Chief executive, Gogo 







About Rodin Lyasoff 

Rodin Lyasoff is the CEO of A³ and former Project Executive of Project Vahana. Rodin has been making unlikely aircraft fly autonomously since his first aerobatic helicopter at MIT (where he also earned his undergrad and Master’s degrees in aeronautics and astronautics). He spent several years at Athena Technologies designing flight software for a number of vehicles including the AAI Shadow, Alenia Sky-X, and the NASA Mars Flyer. Subsequently, Rodin led flight software at Zee.Aero. Most recently he was at Airware, building the world’s first hardware and software platform for commercial UAVs. Rodin is passionate about building great teams and making personal flight accessible to all.







About Michael Small 

Michael Small has served as Gogo's President and Chief Executive Officer, as well as a member of the Board, since 2010 and has over 30 years of experience in the communications industry. Prior to joining Gogo, Michael served as the Chief Executive Officer and Director of Centennial Communications Corporation from 1999 until 2009. Previously, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of 360 Degrees Communications, a regional wireless service provider, and as President of Lynch Corporation, a diversified acquisition-oriented company. Michael was recently named an ‘Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year' and ‘CEO of the Year' from the Illinois Technology Association. He holds a B.A. from Colgate University and his M.B.A. from The University of Chicago Booth School of Business.






Vijay Vaitheeswaran
China business editor, The Economist







About Vijay Vaitheeswaran

Vijay V. Vaitheeswaran is an award-winning senior correspondent for The Economist. He joined the editorial staff in 1992 as its London-based Latin America correspondent, and later opened the magazine’s first bureau in Mexico City. From 1998 to 2006, he covered energy and the environment. From 2007 to 2011, his portfolio encompassed global health, pharmaceuticals and biotechnology. Vijay opened the newspaper’s first Shanghai bureau in 2012, and currently serves as the China Business Editor & Shanghai Bureau Chief. His latest book (published by Harper Collins) is “Need, Speed and Greed: How the New Rules of Innovation Can Transform Businesses, Propel Nations to Greatness, and Tame the World’s Most Wicked Problems.” Kirkus Reviews declared it to be the “perfect primer to the post-industrial age.” He previously co-authored “ZOOM”, with Iain Carson, and “Power to the People”, two award-winning books about the future of cars and energy. Vijay is a life member of the Council on Foreign Relations and an advisor on sustainability and innovation to the World Economic Forum. His commentaries have appeared in the Wall Street Journal, Financial Times and New York Times. He is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.







About The flight of the future:
 What will commercial plane travel be like in 10 years time? Will a flying car be the solution to rush hour? Will there be an uber for airplanes? Should we expect a network of self-driving flying taxis? Will technologies such as the hyperloop fundamentally change how we use flying? Will the space race dramatically reduce long distance fliying times? And how soon will these changes really start to make a difference?






5.20pm
Flash of genius 
Here come the drones: Supreme data collectors that will change our lives




George Mathew 
Chief executive, Kespry






Matthew Bishop
Senior editor, The Economist Group







About George Mathew 

George Mathew is Kespry’s new CEO and chairman as of Jan. 11, 2017. He was most recently president and chief operating officer of self-service analytics software provider Alteryx. With 20 years of experience at growth-oriented technology startups as well as category leading software providers such as salesforce.com and SAP, George has held a wide range of senior leadership positions, from driving company strategy to leading product management, development, sales and marketing teams. He led Alteryx through exponential growth in the self-service analytics market by focusing on product innovation and customer success. Prior to Alteryx, George was global vice president and general manager for business intelligence (BI) at SAP. There he led post-merger product strategy for SAP’s acquisition of Business Objects while shaping several Sapphire Ventures investments, including Alteryx. He eventually became general manager for SAP’s entire BI portfolio, growing it into the world’s largest business in this software category.







About Matthew Bishop

Matthew Bishop, senior editor, The Economist Group, is an award-winning journalist whose roles at The Economist have included business editor, Wall Street editor, globalisation editor and New York bureau chief. He is the author of several books, including Philanthrocapitalism: How Giving Can Save the World (described as “important” by president Bill Clinton) and The Road From Ruin, which set out an agenda for the reform of capitalism after the 2008 crash. He is a member of the World Economic Forum’s Global Agenda Council on Global Governance. He was the official report author of the G8 Taskforce on Social Impact Investment and a member of the advisors group of the UN International Year of Microcredit. He co-founded and advises the #givingtuesday campaign and the Social Progress Index.







About Flash of genius 
 Entire product lines and whole markets are now being created or destroyed overnight. What will rock the world next? Which new advances will transform life, business, and the global economy and who will be leading them? Economist Events will identify two key disruptors with the potential to shape the future; individuals who are already planting the seeds of catalytic change, whether as entrepreneurs, policy advocates or researchers.






5.30pm
Oxford-style debate: Software on wheels
Motion: this house believes that in 2030, Detroit will still be king of the road, not Silicon Valley




PRO: Raj Rajkumar
Director, General Motors-Carnegie Mellon Autonomous Driving Collaborative Research Lab






PRO: Paul Roehrig
Vice-president of strategy, Cognizant and co-author, 'What To Do When Machines Do Everything'







About PRO: Raj Rajkumar

Raj is the director of the General Motors-Carnegie Mellon Autonomous Driving Collaborative Research Lab, and is helping to make driverless vehicles a reality. He is also a Professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Carnegie Mellon University. He holds a courtesy appointment in the Robotics Institute at Carnegie Mellon. In addition, Raj serves as Director, Real-Time and Multimedia Systems Lab; Co-Director, General Motors-Carnegie Mellon Information TechnologyCollaborative Research Lab and Co-Director, General Motors-Carnegie Mellon Autonomous Driving Collaborative Research Lab.







About PRO: Paul Roehrig

Paul Roehrig is vice president of strategy and marketing for Cognizant Digital Business and founder and global managing director of the Cognizant Center for the Future of Work. He is the co-author of What To Do When Machines Do Everything (Wiley, February 2017) with Malcolm Frank and Benjamin Pring. Comprising more than three years of research, the book separates hype from reality to offer a field guide for managing AI’s impact on business and workers. Formerly a principal analyst at Forrester Research, Paul has also held key positions in planning and implementing global technology programs in a variety of industries. He has a degree in journalism from the University of Florida and holds graduate degrees from Syracuse University.






CON: Karl Iagnemma
Co-founder and chief executive, nuTonomy Inc.






CON: Scott Painter
Founder, Fair







About CON: Karl Iagnemma

A world-renowned expert in robotics and automotive research, Karl Iagnemma is chief executive of nuTonomy, the leading developer of state-of-the-art software for self-driving cars, which he co-founded in 2013. As chief executive, Karl has established nuTonomy's US and Singapore offices, spearheaded nuTonomy's fundraising efforts, and led the recruitment of a world-class technical team. Karl was previously a Principal Research Scientist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he directed the Institute’s Robotic Mobility Group. His research has resulted in more than 150 technical papers and 19 issued or filed patents, and has found application in passenger vehicle safety systems, robotic surgery, and Mars surface exploration, among other domains. His technical work has been cited nearly 7,000 times in the robotics and automotive research literature. He is author of Mobile Robots in Rough Terrain: Estimation, Planning and Control with Application to Planetary Rovers and co-editor of volumes on the DARPA Grand Challenge and Urban Challenge autonomous vehicle races. Karl’s primary research interests lie in the areas of design, sensing, motion planning, and control of mobile robots and intelligent vehicles. He has conducted collaborative research with private companies and federal government agencies, including Ford Motor Company, Nissan Motor Company, NASA Mars Program Office, DARPA, the U.S. Army, and Samsung Electronics, among others. Karl was selected as one of 16 people who “Redefined Science in 2003” by SEED magazine, and was a 2005 nominee for a MacArthur Foundation fellowship. His technical works have received a numerous best paper awards at prominent international conferences. Karl holds a BS degree from the University of Michigan, where he graduated first in his class, and MS and PhD degrees from MIT, where he was a National Science Foundation Graduate Fellow. He has performed postdoctoral research at MIT, and been a visiting researcher at the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory and the National Technical University of Athens (Greece).







About CON: Scott Painter

Scott is a serial entrepreneur in the automotive and technology industries, and has founded dozens of companies over the past 25 years. Prior to Fair, Scott founded TrueCar, Inc., a negotiation-free car-buying platform and analysis company that creates a better car-buying experience for dealers and consumers. Among Scott’s other ventures is CarsDirect.com, an online automotive research portal and  car-buying service that introduced upfront pricing to auto retail. Scott regularly attends TED, All Things D and is a member of the World Economic Forum, where he has both attended and spoken at Davos since 2011.






Vijay Vaitheeswaran
China business editor, The Economist







About Vijay Vaitheeswaran

Vijay V. Vaitheeswaran is an award-winning senior correspondent for The Economist. He joined the editorial staff in 1992 as its London-based Latin America correspondent, and later opened the magazine’s first bureau in Mexico City. From 1998 to 2006, he covered energy and the environment. From 2007 to 2011, his portfolio encompassed global health, pharmaceuticals and biotechnology. Vijay opened the newspaper’s first Shanghai bureau in 2012, and currently serves as the China Business Editor & Shanghai Bureau Chief. His latest book (published by Harper Collins) is “Need, Speed and Greed: How the New Rules of Innovation Can Transform Businesses, Propel Nations to Greatness, and Tame the World’s Most Wicked Problems.” Kirkus Reviews declared it to be the “perfect primer to the post-industrial age.” He previously co-authored “ZOOM”, with Iain Carson, and “Power to the People”, two award-winning books about the future of cars and energy. Vijay is a life member of the Council on Foreign Relations and an advisor on sustainability and innovation to the World Economic Forum. His commentaries have appeared in the Wall Street Journal, Financial Times and New York Times. He is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.







About Oxford-style debate: Software on wheels
 Tesla believes its digital strengths and software-driven vision will help it dominate the future of the car business. Detroit and other traditional car makers are fighting back. Two teams of experts will debate who will triumph under the tough chairmanship of an Economist editor.






6.15pm
Closing remarks





6.20pm
Networking cocktail reception




 



Readers' comments
The Economist welcomes your views. Please stay on topic and be respectful of other readers. Review our comments policy.





You must be logged in to post a comment. Log in to your account.Don't have an account? Register 


 


Sort:Newest first
Oldest first
Readers' most recommended


 
 

Classified ads


 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 






Contact us
Help
My account
Subscribe
Print edition
Digital editions
Events
Jobs.Economist.com
Timekeeper saved articles



Sections

United States
Britain
Europe
China
Asia
Americas
Middle East & Africa
International
Business & finance
Economics
Markets & data
Science & technology
Special reports
Culture
Multimedia library

Debate and discussion

The Economist debates
Letters to the editor
The Economist Quiz



Blogs

Bagehot's notebook
Buttonwood's notebook
Democracy in America
Erasmus
Free exchange
Game theory
Graphic detail
Gulliver
Prospero
The Economist explains



Research and insights

Topics
Economics A-Z
Style guide
The World in 2016
Which MBA?
MBA Services
The Economist GMAT Tutor
The Economist GRE Tutor
Executive Education Navigator
Reprints and permissions

The Economist Group »

The Economist Intelligence Unit
The Economist Intelligence Unit Store
The Economist Corporate Network
Ideas People Media
1843 Magazine
Roll Call
CQ
EuroFinance
The Economist Store
Editorial Staff
Modern Slavery Statement

View complete site index »






 



 



 



 

 

































 






Michael E  Newcity - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Michael E  Newcity
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Michael E  Newcity. Find out Michael E  Newcity address and contact details. View other people related to Michael E  Newcity - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

3801 OLD GREENWOOD ROAD  FORT SMITH 72903 AR




Companies related to Michael E  Newcity
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000894405ARCBEST CORP /DE/SVP - Chf Innovation Offcr(1) P O BOX 10048  FORT SMITH 72917-0048




Michael E  Newcity on the Web
Persons related to Michael E  Newcity - ARCBEST CORP /DE/NamePositionCityJOHN W  ALDENDirector JOHN W  ALDENDirector FORT SMITHFRED A  ALLARDYCEDirector FORT SMITHDennis L  Anderson IIChief Customer Experience Ofcr FORT SMITHChristopher D  BaltzSr VP - Yield Management (1) FORT SMITHChristopher L  BurtonVP - Economic Analysis FORT SMITHDAVID R  COBBVice President - CFO HOUSTONDAVID R  COBBVice President - Controller FORT SMITHEDUARDO F  CONRADODirector SCHAUMBURGRICHARD F  COOPERSenior Vice President FORT SMITHJames David  DarterChief Sales Officer FORT SMITHROBERT A  DAVIDSONPresident & CEO FORT SMITHWalter J  EcholsVP - Real Estate FORT SMITHFRANK  EDELSTEINDirector FORT SMITHKathleen A  FiewegerChief Mktg Officer-VP(1) FORT SMITHErin K  GattisChief Human Resources Officer FORT SMITHSTEPHEN E  GORMANDirector MEMPHISMichael P  HoganDirector GRAPEVINEJames A  IngramCOO, Asset-Light Logistics FORT SMITHMichael R  JohnsVP - Gen Counsel & Corp Sec FORT SMITHJames W  KeenanSr VP-Enterprise Cust Sols,(1) FORT SMITHWesley B  KempABF President & CEO (1) FORT SMITHWilliam  LeggDirector FORT SMITHWILLIAM M  LEGGDirector FORT SMITHSteven Carrol  LeonardVP, Customer Solutions FORT SMITHDaniel E  LoeChief Yield Officer FORT SMITHDAVID E  LOEFFLERSenior Vice President FORT SMITHWILLIAM A  MARQUARDDirector FORT SMITHKathleen D.  McElligottDirector SAN FRANCISCOJUDY R  MCREYNOLDSChairman, President & CEO FORT SMITHJOHN R  MEYERSVice President FORT SMITHJOHN H  MORRISDirector FORT SMITHJ Lavon  MortonSVP-Tax & Chief Audit Exec FORT SMITHJAMES L  MORTONSVP-Risk & Chief Audit Exec FORT SMITHMichael E  NewcitySVP - Chf Innovation Offcr(1) FORT SMITHDonald W.  PearsonFORT SMITHCraig E  PhilipDirector FORT SMITHRoy M  SlaglePresident-CEO, ABF (1) FORT SMITHTraci L  SowersbyVP - Controller (1) FORT SMITHSTEVEN  SPINNERDirector RICHMONDSTEVEN  SPINNERDirector FORT SMITHSTEVEN  SPINNERDirector FORT SMITHJanice E  StippDirector ANN ARBORJanice E  StippDirector FORT SMITHTimothy D  ThornePresident, ABF (1) FORT SMITHROBERT A  YOUNG IIIDirector FORT SMITHALAN J  ZAKONDirector FORT SMITH












 









Newcity Michael E Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      Newcity Michael E
                    

•   FORT SMITH, AR
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Newcity Michael E is based out of Fort Smith.    WhaleWisdom has at least 3 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Newcity Michael E. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from Newcity Michael E, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




newcity michael e


ARKANSAS BEST CORPORATION

FORT SMITH
AR
                                                        
                                                    72903


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      5017856000
SEC SIC CODE:4213-TRUCKING (NO LOCAL)







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 05/16/2017
4 filed on 05/05/2017
4 filed on 11/16/2016
4 filed on 05/10/2016
4 filed on 05/04/2016
4 filed on 08/10/2015
4 filed on 07/30/2015
4 filed on 05/13/2015
4 filed on 05/12/2014
4 filed on 04/30/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Arcbest Technologies, Inc.                                                                                               - Fort Smith                                        , AR         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



AR



Fort Smith



Data Processing and Preparation



Data Processing Service



                            Arcbest Technologies, Inc.
                                    



 





















A 


Arcbest Technologies, Inc.                                                                                              
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3801 OLD GREENWOOD RD FORT SMITH, AR 72903
Get Directions



(479) 784-8400
www.arcbesttechnologies.com                                                                             





Business Info



 Founded 1962
 Incorporated AR
 Annual Revenue $42,864,958.00
 Employee Count 271
 Industries Data Processing Service
 Contacts Michael E Newcity                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Arcbest Technologies, Inc.                                                                                               was founded in 1962. The company is located in Fort Smith and incorporated in Arkansas. Arcbest Technologies, Inc.                                                                                               specializes in Data Processing Service. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














