 Quantitatively-Managed, Behavior-Aware Portfolios | Newfound Research      Loading...Investing at the intersection of quantitative and behavioral finance.Introduction ▼   Our PortfoliosAwarded 2016 ETF Strategist of the Year by ETF.comAs economic tailwinds from the last thirty years turn into headwinds, achieving traditionally simple investment objectives is an increasingly complex and risky undertaking.Newfound offers a modern suite of quantitatively-managed, behavior-aware investment portfolios designed for both the destination and the journey. The Foundational Elements of Our Investment ProcessWe believe in a quantitatively-driven investment approaches, powered by the evidence-based insights of consistent, thoughtful research.We believe process consistency is paramount for long-term investment success and is best achieved through systematic approaches which help mitigate the behavioral biases that often lead to poor investment decisions.Investing shouldn’t be complicated, but that doesn’t mean it is easy.  Emotional decisions can derail even the best laid investment plan.  Therefore, we believe the optimal investment plan is, first and foremost, the one we can stick with.We know investors care deeply about protecting the capital they have worked hard to accumulate, so we seek to improve risk-adjusted returns by prioritizing downside risk (drawdown) management.ContactCall Us+1 617 531 9773ADDRESS425 Boylston Street, 3rd Floor Boston, MA 02116EMAILinfo@thinknewfound.com    You are about to leave thinknewfound.com and are being redirected to the website for Newfound Research Funds.    Page not found | Newfound Research   Loading... 404 The page you were looking for could not be found.  Back To Home Page    You are about to leave thinknewfound.com and are being redirected to the website for Newfound Research Funds.    Multi-Asset Income | Newfound Research   Loading...Multi-Asset Income Home / Multi-Asset IncomeNewfound’s Multi-Asset Income portfolio seeks to provide access to both traditional (e.g. global Treasuries, dividend stocks, and corporate bonds) and non-traditional (e.g. high yield bonds, REITs, MLPs, bank loans, preferreds, and EM debt) income-based asset classes within a disciplined risk management framework that seeks to avoid significant drawdowns.A tearsheet and brochure for the Multi-Asset Income strategy are available in our document center. Outlook Process Design Availability With historically high equity valuations and low interest rates, forecasted returns for traditional U.S. core asset classes are anemic.  We believe that high income asset classes are not only more fairly valued, but also offer a higher yield, meaning they can be used not only for their income potential but also as an engine of growth within a portfolio. Beginning with a diversified universe of 16 global high-income asset classes, the portfolio evaluates each asset class for its on-going trend strength. Assets identified as exhibiting negative trends, and therefore a potential risk to capital safety, are removed from the portfolio. After screening out asset classes exhibiting negative trends, the remaining exposures receive an allocation in proportion to their risk-adjusted income with single positions capped at 25%. If 3 or fewer asset classes remain, a position in short-term U.S. Treasuries is built. The portfolio can shift entirely to short-term U.S. Treasuries if all assets exhibit negative trends in an effort to avoid significant drawdowns. Newfound’s Multi-Asset Income strategy is available as a mutual fund, separately managed account, on most major TAMPs, and in model delivery format.Questions & AnswersWhat does the portfolio invest in?The portfolio invests in exchange traded funds (ETFs) representing 16 global high income asset classes, including domestic and international dividend stocks, domestic and international sovereign debt, corporate bonds, high yield bonds, bank loans, domestic and international REITs, MLPs, convertible bonds, preferreds, equity buy write, local and USD-denominated EM debt, and mortgage REITs.  We utilize ETFs as the building blocks of its portfolios because they are a transparent, cost-effective, and highly liquid means of gaining and managing exposure to particular asset classes and market sectors.Does this portfolio have a target yield level?Due to the active risk management process employed, as well as the varying nature of the yields offered by the investible universe, the portfolio does not have a mandate for a specific yield target.How does this portfolio manage risk?The portfolio seeks to manage risk in three ways.  First, the portfolio embraces diversification, incorporating 16 global high income asset classes.  Second, a simple trend-following overlay is employed on each asset class to remove those asset classes we believe are exhibiting excessive downside risk characteristics.  Finally, the remaining asset classes are weighted based upon their risk-adjusted yield, favoring those positions that offer more yield per unit of volatility.  Positions are capped at 25% to reduce concentration risk.  If three or fewer asset classes pass our trend filter, a position in short-term U.S. Treasuries will be built.How often does this portfolio rebalance?The portfolio is evaluated on a weekly basis.  In stable market environments, we expect to make few, if any, portfolio changes; in higher risk environments we expect to trade the portfolio more frequently in effort to keep up with changing market dynamics.Investment IdeasDiversifyBy replacing a slice of both equity and fixed income exposures, the Multi-Asset Income portfolio can introduce a set of asset classes that can not only increase internal diversification of a portfolio, but also offer access to a unique return source.Find YieldFinding yield without taking on excessive risk in today’s low interest rate environment can be difficult.  Newfound’s Multi-Asset Income portfolio was designed to provide turnkey access to a set of higher income generating vehicles in a risk managed framework.Pursue ReturnWhile the asset classes utilized in this portfolio are most often evaluated for their yield potential, in an environment of high equity valuations, we believe these asset classes actually have the potential to increase the total return of a portfolio due to their structurally higher yields and fairer valuations.Deploy CashLarge cash positions can be dangerous, even in mildly inflationary environments, because they can have a negative real return.  The Newfound Multi-Asset Income portfolio can be utilized to invest the available capital in a set of asset classes that can create a significant real yield.Request more Information      U.S. Factor Defensive EquityRisk Managed Sector SeriesMulti-Asset IncomeTarget Income Series    You are about to leave thinknewfound.com and are being redirected to the website for Newfound Research Funds.   

Newfound Research LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 6:02 AM ET
Professional Services

Company Overview of Newfound Research LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Newfound Research LLC, a financial technology and product innovation company, provides quantitative integrity solutions. It offers a disruptive approach to investment product design; private wealth management for high-net worth clients; and solutions for institutional investors. The company also works with portfolio managers of various types in co-developing investment strategies; and custom develops white-labeled model portfolios that align with financial advisory firms’ initiatives, outlooks, and clients’ needs. Newfound Research LLC has a strategic partnership with The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. The company was founded in 2008 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts.


425 Boylston Street3rd FloorBoston, MA 02116United StatesFounded in 2008



Phone: 617-531-9773

Fax: 617-356-8116

www.thinknewfound.com/







Key Executives for Newfound Research LLC




Mr. Thomas Brian Rosedale J.D.


      	Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Compliance Officer
      








Mr. Corey Michael Hoffstein


      	Co-Founder, Chief Investment Officer, Chief Technology Officer and Portfolio Manager
      








Ms. Paula Marie Boyd


      	Senior Vice President of Sales & Marketing
      








Mr. D. Justin Sibears


      	Managing Director and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. John Mannix


      	Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing
      


Age: 49
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Newfound Research LLC Key Developments

Newfound Research LLC Presents at Bloomberg's "The Year Ahead: 2017", Oct-25-2016 12:20 PM
Oct 21 16
Newfound Research LLC Presents at Bloomberg's "The Year Ahead: 2017", Oct-25-2016 12:20 PM. Venue: Park Hyatt New York, New York, New York, United States. Speakers: D. Justin Sibears, Managing Director and Portfolio Manager.


Newfound Research LLC Presents at Morningstar ETF Conference - Chicago, Sep-08-2016 11:45 AM
Sep 6 16
Newfound Research LLC Presents at Morningstar ETF Conference - Chicago, Sep-08-2016 11:45 AM. Venue: Chicago, Illinois, United States. Speakers: Corey Michael Hoffstein, Co-Founder, Chief Investment Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Portfolio Manager, and Chairman of Investment Committee.


Newfound Research LLC Presents at Morningstar ETF Conference - Chicago 2015, Sep-30-2015 10:50 AM
Aug 18 15
Newfound Research LLC Presents at Morningstar ETF Conference - Chicago 2015, Sep-30-2015 10:50 AM. Venue: Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers, 301 E. North Water Street, Chicago, IL 60611, United States. Speakers: Andrew Gogerty.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1-2-3 Payroll & HR Services, Inc. United States 120 Water Audit, LLC United States 123College.com, Inc. United States 13D Research LLC United States 1410 Partners, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Newfound Research LLC, please visit www.thinknewfound.com/.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































Newfound Research LLC












































 















The Money Manager People TM














Money Manager Performance Research Center

















< Research another Money Manager

Performance, Research and Ranking for Newfound Research LLC, Updated 6/30/2017









































Money Manager Reports Include:

Performance Annually
Risk Reward Analysis
Money Manager Review
Money Manager Ranking









Here's how it works:

Fill in the form on this page.
We'll research our database.
Our Wealth Managers will prepare your requested reports and maybe a few additional ones.
Your Money Manager Reports will be delivered to you by email.











Request your FREE Reports










Or call one of our Wealth Managers for more detailed information 
(800) 541-7774Your information is secure. 















In the meantime, here's some basic information about Newfound Research LLC

Company Information:Name:Newfound Research LLCAddress:425 Boylston Street3rd FloorBoston, MA 02116Phone:(617) 531-9773Website:www.thinknewfound.comCompany Products:Newfound Risk Managed Global SectorsNewfound Risk Managed Small Cap SectorsNewfound Dynamic AlternativesNewfound Target Excess Yield SuiteNewfound Multi Asset IncomeNewfound Risk Managed US Sectors


Newfound Research LLC Commentary




Newfound Research Wins Award for Best ETF Strategist from ETF.com



                    Congratulations to Newfound Research for winning the 2016 award for Best ETF Strategist with their QuBe portfolios. Editor’s Note: WrapManager does not provide direct investment access to the QuBe...





Newfound Research: The Need for Tactical Solutions Across Generations



                    Tactical money manager Newfound Research explains why portfolio drawdowns become more damaging as retirement nears and makes the case that baby boomers need a risk managed solution when it comes to...





Newfound Risk Managed Small-Cap Sectors: A Tactical Way to Invest



                    “Investors do not exist in a world of ‘100 year averages.’ Instead, they live in a world of 40 year investment horizons, where significant declines can “permanently impair retirement portfolios as...





Boosting Portfolio Income: Newfound Research Risk Managed Income



                    Many investors today are faced with the same problem: how do you generate income in your portfolio when interest rates are so low? In the current market, finding asset classes that generate income at...





WrapManager Adds Newfound Research LLC Investment Strategies to Their Approved List



                    Newfound’s Tactical, Risk-Managed Strategies Available to Help Investors Achieve Investment Goals San Francisco, CA – May 9, 2014. WrapManager, Inc. (www.wrapmanager.com), an investment advisor...








< Research another Money Manager











Any money management or investment advisory firms listed on this website are not related entities of WrapManager, Inc. and are listed for convenience and informational purposes only. The listing of a money manager on this website does not imply a solicitation or recommendation of the money manager. WrapManager, Inc. is responsible only for the content of this website and it has no control over other websites that may be accessible from this website, the contents therein or the products/services offered by third parties. Hyperlinks to or from this website do not constitute third party endorsement of, sponsorship by or affiliation with WrapManager, Inc.
 







 



Important Disclosure | Privacy Policy  WrapManager, Inc., 703 Market Street, 18th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103 (800) 541-7774 toll-free  | (415) 541-9760 fax | Click to email us © 2017 WrapManager, Inc. All Rights Reserved. WrapManager is an SEC-registered investment adviser.  (1) qualified investors are those with $500K or more in investable assets



































 



Newfound Research Announces Key Addition to Quantitative Strategy Development | Business Wire
























































Newfound Research Announces Key Addition to Quantitative Strategy 
      Development




Justin Sibears joins Quantitative Investment Product Team






March 23, 2012 02:30 PM Eastern Daylight Time



BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Newfound Research LLC, the quantitative investment product innovation 
      firm, today announced that Justin Sibears has joined the Company to 
      support growth in demand for tactical model construction tools. Sibears 
      will initially focus on developing new robust optimization methodologies 
      that incorporate Newfound Research LLC’s proprietary exposure signals. 
      Sibears joins Newfound Research from one of Deutsche Bank’s derivatives 
      desks where he developed neural network models based on macroeconomic 
      factors.
    


      “Justin’s skills and experience make him a great fit with our 
      quantitative product development team,” said Corey Hoffstein, Chief 
      Investment Officer. “As we announced in January, there is a considerable 
      need for the intellectual property we develop at Newfound. We 
      specifically look for candidates with exceptional quantitative capacity 
      coupled with unbiased creativity and thought leadership. Justin fits 
      that profile perfectly."
    

      Tom Rosedale, Chief Executive Officer added, “Our clients are looking 
      for Newfound Research to construct creative investment solutions that 
      leverage Newfound's unique quantitative models. Justin’s contribution 
      will be highly valued as Newfound continues to emerge as a leader in 
      constructing tactical risk management products to help asset managers 
      more effectively allocate capital in unpredictable markets.”
    

      Before joining Deutsche Bank, Sibears was an Analyst in ABS Conduit 
      Originations for JPMorgan Chase. Justin completed his Bachelors of 
      Business Administration at the University of Notre Dame - Mendoza 
      College of Business. Justin earned his MBA and MS in Computational 
      Finance from Carnegie Mellon University where he received the Academic 
      Excellence in Finance Award.
    

About Newfound Research LLC


      Newfound Research LLC is a Boston-based financial technology and 
      investment product innovation firm. Newfound Research’s repeatable model 
      construction processes are used to help create robust investment models 
      that attempt to manage downside risk while allowing significant upside 
      participation. Utilized by the most discriminating investment managers, 
      Newfound Research’s utilities range from proprietary tactical timing 
      models and proprietary risk measures to customized allocation 
      techniques. For more information about Newfound Research, please visit www.newfoundresearch.com.
    

All logos, company and product names are trademarks or registered 
      trademarks of their respective owners.





Contacts

      Newfound Research LLCTom Rosedale, 617-531-9773info@newfoundresearch.comTwitter: 
      @NewfoundRsrch
    













Release Summary
Newfound Research LLC, the quantitative investment product innovation firm, announced that Justin Sibears has joined the Company to support growth in demand for tactical model construction tools.






Contacts

      Newfound Research LLCTom Rosedale, 617-531-9773info@newfoundresearch.comTwitter: 
      @NewfoundRsrch
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














Newfound Research LLC | Wealthminder











































Newfound Research LLC


Newfound Research LLC
(CRD# 159064) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Boston, MA.
They
manage $91,500,000 in 17 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 2 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Newfound Research LLC




425 Boylston Street, 3rd Floor,
Boston,
MA
02116
(617) 531-9773
http://blog.thinknewfound.com




http://blog.thinknewfound.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

92
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

17
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$5,382,353







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Other






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Other








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA, MA






Financial Advisors at Newfound Research LLC




Showing 1 - 2 of 2 top financial advisors.





1















William T. Dron



CRD#:
1909321



425 Boylston Street, 3rd Floor,
Boston,
MA
02116




90

Wealthminder
score








William Dron (CRD# 1909321) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Newfound Research LLC in Boston, MA and has 
over 28 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Michael L. Kaplan



CRD#:
4826171



425 Boylston Street, 3rd Floor,
Boston,
MA
02116




90

Wealthminder
score








Michael Kaplan (CRD# 4826171) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Newfound Research LLC in Boston, MA and has 
over 12 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














 



Newfound Research Congratulates Copeland Capital Management, LLC for Its Risk Managed Dividend Growth Fund Exceeding $100 Million | Business Wire
























































Newfound Research Congratulates Copeland Capital Management, LLC for 
      Its Risk Managed Dividend Growth Fund Exceeding $100 Million






December 19, 2011 05:01 PM Eastern Standard Time



BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Newfound Research LLC, a financial technology and product innovation 
      firm focused on tactical risk management, congratulates its client, 
      Copeland Capital Management, LLC, for crossing $100 million in assets 
      under management in the Copeland Risk Managed Dividend Growth Fund 
      (CDGRX) in the Fund’s first year of operation. The Fund was launched in 
      late December 2010. Copeland Capital utilizes Newfound Research’s risk 
      management tools in its Copeland Risk Managed Dividend Growth Fund.
    


      Under the license agreement between Newfound Research and Copeland 
      Capital, Newfound Research provides Copeland Capital with its 
      proprietary signals which recommend exposure to specific sectors of the 
      S&P 500 Index. Exposure recommendation signals and other data generated 
      from Newfound Research’s proprietary algorithms are used as important 
      building blocks, including as risk management tools, by Copeland Capital 
      and other Newfound Research clients in constructing and managing 
      investment products and portfolios. Newfound Research has been offering 
      risk management signals to clients since its founding in 2008.
    

      "Copeland Capital has a well-established reputation for successfully 
      managing dividend growth investment strategies across multiple 
      capitalization ranges. The success of the Copeland Risk Managed Dividend 
      Growth Fund demonstrates the merits of tactical investment products that 
      combine Newfound Research’s unique and highly effective risk management 
      tools with a sound investment strategy,” said Eric C. Brown, 
      Co-Portfolio Manager for the Fund and CEO of Copeland Capital Management.
    

      The Copeland Risk Managed Dividend Growth Fund seeks to achieve its 
      investment objectives of producing long-term capital appreciation and 
      growth of portfolio income by purchasing equities of companies traded on 
      a U.S. stock exchange with a market capitalization of $250 million and 
      above, restricted to companies that have increased their dividends for 
      at least five consecutive years. Copeland Capital believes that a 
      company’s dividend growth rate is the key driver of stock price 
      appreciation over time. The Fund also employs a tactical sector 
      weighting methodology where it has the ability to completely avoid 
      certain sectors and raise cash based on quantitative sector exposure 
      recommendation signals, as determined by data from Newfound Research’s 
      proprietary algorithms. The Fund sells securities when they no longer 
      meet its fundamental dividend growth or quantitative sector selection 
      criteria.
    

About Newfound Research LLC


      Newfound Research LLC is a Boston-based financial technology and product 
      innovation firm focused on tactical risk management. It provides data 
      from its proprietary research and algorithms to investment professionals 
      that drive dynamic and innovative investing and asset allocation 
      strategies, including through mutual funds, SMAs, UMAs, hedge funds and 
      other investment vehicles. Newfound Research’s quantitative processes 
      are used to help create a simple, repeatable investment process that 
      attempts to avoid risk while allowing significant upside participation. 
      Newfound Research’s risk management utilities range from proprietary 
      tactical timing models and proprietary risk measures to customized 
      allocation techniques. For more information about Newfound Research, 
      please visit www.newfoundresearch.com.
    

Disclosures


*There is no guarantee that any investment will achieve its 
      objectives, generate positive returns, or avoid losses.


Prospectus - Investors should carefully consider the 
      investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the Copeland Risk 
      Managed Dividend Growth Fund. This and other important information about 
      the Fund is contained in the prospectus, which can be obtained by 
      calling 1-888-9-COPELAND (1-888-926-7352). The prospectus should be read 
      carefully before investing. The Copeland Risk Managed Dividend Growth 
      Fund is distributed by Northern Lights Distributors, LLC member FINRA.


Risk - Mutual Funds involve risk including possible loss of 
      principal.


The Fund may invest in MLP’s. Holders of MLP units have limited 
      control and voting rights on matters affecting the partnership. In 
      addition, there are certain tax risks associated with an investment in 
      MLP units and conflicts of interest exist between common unit holders 
      and the general partner, including those arising from incentive 
      distribution payments. The Fund may invest in REIT’s. A REIT's 
      performance depends on the types and locations of the rental properties 
      it owns and on how well it manages those properties. Real estate values 
      rise and fall in response to a variety of factors, including local, 
      regional and national economic conditions, interest rates and tax 
      considerations. The adviser's judgments about the return tracking 
      characteristics of securities may prove incorrect and may not produce 
      the desired results.


The fund may invest in small and medium capitalization companies and 
      the value of these company securities may be subject to more abrupt or 
      erratic market movements than those of larger, more established 
      companies or the market averages in general. A higher portfolio turnover 
      will result in higher transactional and brokerage costs. The Fund's 
      performance may be more sensitive to any single economic, business, 
      political or regulatory occurrence than the value of shares of a 
      diversified investment company because as a nondiversified fund, the 
      Fund may invest more than 5% of its total assets in the securities of 
      one or more issuers.


The Fund will not be able to replicate exactly the performance of the 
      CDGR Index because the returns generated by the Fund's securities will 
      be reduced by transaction costs. In addition, the Fund will incur 
      expenses, such as management fees, not incurred by the CDGR Index.


S&P 500 Index is an unmanaged composite of 500 large 
      capitalization companies. This index is widely used by professional 
      investors as a performance benchmark for large-cap stocks. You cannot 
      invest directly in an index and unmanaged index returns do not reflect 
      any fees, expenses or sales charges.


All logos, company and product names are trademarks or registered 
      trademarks of their respective owners.





Contacts

      Newfound Research LLCTom Rosedale, 617-531-9773info@newfoundresearch.comTwitter: 
      @NewfoundRsrch
    













Release Summary
Newfound Research LLC, a financial technology and product innovation firm congratulates Copeland Capital Management, LLC, for the Copeland Risk Managed Dividend Growth Fund (CDGRX).






Contacts

      Newfound Research LLCTom Rosedale, 617-531-9773info@newfoundresearch.comTwitter: 
      @NewfoundRsrch
    








 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up













WrapManager Adds Newfound Research LLC Investment Strategies to Their Approved List 


































PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




WrapManager Adds Newfound Research LLC Investment Strategies to Their Approved List



Share Article


















Newfound’s Tactical, Risk-Managed Strategies Available to Help Investors Achieve Investment Goals








“Investors should have access to the best money managers out there, and it’s our job to help them gain that.” - Gabriel Burczyk, CEO of WrapManager


San Francisco, CA (PRWEB)
May 15, 2014
 WrapManager, Inc. (http://www.wrapmanager.com), an investment advisor specializing in building investment plans and recommending money managers for investors, is pleased to announce that they now offer three risk-managed investment strategies from Newfound Research LLC (http://www.thinknewfound.com), a quantitative asset management firm focused on tactical, ETF managed portfolios.
Each of Newfound’s offerings seeks to solve real investor problems. For example, the Newfound Risk Managed Global Sectors and Newfound Risk Managed Small-Cap Sectors are intended to “protect and participate,” and are designed to allow investors to participate in the gains of a bull market while becoming more defensive by building cash positions during deteriorating market environments. 
For investors needing to generate income, the Newfound Risk Managed Income strategy offers a diversified and risk-managed income stream using global alternative income-generating assets.
“Investors should have access to the best money managers out there, and it’s our job to help them gain that,” said Gabriel Burczyk, CEO of WrapManager.  “We are very excited to recommend Newfound and expand our selection of risk-managed money manager strategies to our clients. They offer smart, researched-based solutions that aim to solve problems faced by today’s investors.” 
“We believe the best way to enable investors to meet their financial goals is by providing them with thoughtfully structured, rule-based solutions that meet the investment objectives, and address the concerns, of any investor, be it diversifying income generation or smoothing out equity market volatility,” said Tom Rosedale, CEO of Newfound Research.  “We look forward to working with the great team at WrapManager and to presenting our story and strategies to their clients.”
WrapManager now recommends the following three Newfound tactical investment strategies to appropriate investors. Request more information about them here.
Newfound Risk Managed Global Sectors: Newfound Risk Managed Global Sectors aims to provide access to global equity market exposure in a risk-managed framework that seeks to limit significant capital loss, with the ability to move 100% to cash when global equity markets show signs of weakening.  The strategy invests in eleven ETFs representing the primary global economic sectors.
Newfound Risk Managed Small-Cap Sectors: Newfound Risk Managed Small-Cap Sectors aims to provide access to the strong, long-term growth profile of U.S. small-cap equities in a risk managed framework that seeks to limit significant capital loss, with the ability to move 100% to cash when U.S. small-capitalization equities show signs of weakening.  The strategy invests in nine ETFs representing the small-capitalization U.S. economic sectors.
Newfound Risk Managed Income:  Newfound Risk Managed Income aims to provide access to alternative income generating vehicles in a risk-managed framework.  The product operates under the guiding philosophy that long-term income generation depends on both yield and capital protection.  The product invests in global, high-income asset classes through ETFs including both equity (MLPs, REITs, Preferreds, dividend equities) and fixed income (bank loans, high yield, EM bonds) exposures.  
About WrapManager, Inc.
WrapManager, an SEC registered* investment advisor, helps investors around the country build comprehensive investment plans matched to recommended money manager strategies.  The level of comfort, trust and security provided by their knowledgeable Wealth Managers helps set them apart from the throngs of impersonal financial advisors. For more information, visit http://www.wrapmanager.com.

  registration does not imply a certain level of skill or training
About Newfound Research LLC
Newfound Research is a Boston-based registered investment adviser and quantitative asset manager focused on rules-based, outcome-oriented investment strategies and specializing in tactical asset and risk management. Newfound pioneered the research and use of dynamic, volatility-adjusted momentum models. In the last five years, Newfound's models have been utilized to help drive the investment decisions for billions of dollars in assets. For more information about Newfound, visit http://www.thinknewfound.com.
Source:  WrapManager, Inc.



Share article on socal media or email:










View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Paula Pollock
WrapManager, Inc. +1 (800) 541-7774
				Email >
			
WrapManager, Inc


									Visit website
								




News Center


    Benjamin Gross | VisualizeWealth | ZoomInfo.com