


Paul Newman's Daughter Questions Newman's Own Leadership | Vanity FairVanity FairSign InFROM THE MAGAZINEInside the Family Battle for the Newman’s Own Brand NameWhen Paul Newman died, in 2008, he left his Newman’s Own food empire, and the charitable foundation it supports, in the hands of his adviser Robert Forrester. But, his eldest daughter says the family believes their father’s principles are being betrayed.by Mark SealAugust 2015EmailFacebookTwitterJoanne Woodward, youngest daughter Clea, and Paul Newman at a party for Paul’s 50th birthday at La Cave Henri IV restaurant, New York City, January 26, 1975. Digital Colorization by Vanity Fair; © Globe Photos/ZumaPress.com.The first clue something was wrong was the change in the label.It was still playful and lighthearted, radiating a message of goodness and giving on the packages of food products sold by Newman’s Own Organics, the all-organic spin-off of Newman’s Own specialty foods. The old label had pictured movie star Paul Newman in an American Gothic pose beside his daughter Nell, who had co-founded and run Newman’s Own Organics alongside her father’s larger company. Blonde and beautiful, with her father’s famously striking blue eyes, Nell shared his love of food, philanthropy, and the outdoors. So it was strange when, earlier this year, her image went missing from the labels on the packaging of her company’s organic pretzels, Fig Newmans, and more than 100 other organic products. As it turned out, Nell herself had gone missing from the company that she had started in her home in 1993 in Santa Cruz, California, after convincing “Pop” (as she and her four sisters called their father) that organic foods were the wave of the future.In reporting one of the first magazine profiles of Nell and her all-organic crusade, in 1995, I encountered a forceful, outspoken young woman, who told me how she planned, through pretzels (her company’s first product), to take the organic-food movement mainstream. Over the years I watched with wonder from afar as she made it happen: within its first year, Newman’s Own Organics pretzels became the No. 1 organic snack food in America, and soon after her Fig Newmans were the No. 1 organic cookie. Nell, now 56, and her business partner, Peter Meehan, created an ever expanding catalogue of products that filled the shelves not only of organic-food stores but also of supermarkets from coast to coast. In fact, the organic line eventually threatened to become as popular as the salad dressing, popcorn, pizza-and-spaghetti sauce, and nearly 100 other products sold by the non-organic Newman’s Own food empire, which had been founded in 1982 by Paul Newman and his friend the writer A. E. Hotchner.What was behind this extraordinary vanishing act of Paul Newman’s daughter?Before he was a food entrepreneur, Paul Newman was one of the great movie stars from the 1950s through the 1980s, not only a heartthrob with chiseled features and piercing blue eyes but also a seriously accomplished actor. Along with Montgomery Clift, James Dean, and Marlon Brando, he came out of Lee Strasberg’s legendary Actors Studio, and like the others he often portrayed rough-hewn, charismatic outsiders. Newman’s own version of this prototype was handily described by Shawn Levy in his 2009 biography, Paul Newman: A Life. “For fifty years, on-screen and off, Newman vividly embodied certain tendencies in the American male character: active and roguish and earnest and sly and determined and vulnerable and brave and humble and reliable and compassionate and fair.” Newman perfected this character in a string of popular movies that featured his icy masculine cool: The Hustler (1961), Hud (1963), Cool Hand Luke (1967), Butch Cassidyand theSundance Kid (1969), and The Sting (1973), among others.Paul, Joanne, and daughters (clockwise from left) Clea, Nell, Melissa, and Stephanie, in 1973. Digital Colorization by Lorna Clark; By Milton H. Greene/© 2015 ArchiveImages.com.
Newman’s macho screen image was reinforced by his personal life, which he kept private. He neither preened for the paparazzi nor pursued the glamorous life lived by other Hollywood stars of his caliber. He preferred to putter around his spacious but hardly spectacular 12-room Colonial in Westport, Connecticut, on 10 acres, with his second wife, the actress Joanne Woodward, and their children. His hobby was auto racing, and he was no dabbler. He won four national amateur titles, two professional race victories, a second-place finish at the 24 Hours of Le Mans, and a victory in his team’s class at Daytona.In later years Newman also came to be much admired for his charitable activities. His Newman’s Own Foundation, which is entirely supported by the profits of the Newman’s Own food empire, has supported good works to the tune of $430 million since its creation, and it continues today to help fund programs in four main “focus areas”: children with life-limiting conditions, empowerment, nutrition, and encouraging philanthropy.What About Bob?After Newman’s death, in 2008, one person took charge of his legacy—both the food company and the related charitable foundation: Robert H. Forrester. He met me one morning in the then Westport offices of Newman’s Own, Inc., where images and reminders of Paul Newman are everywhere: on movie posters and in photographs on the office walls and on the memorabilia scattered about. Newman’s pool table and popcorn machine are still there, too. To begin my visit, Forrester played a promotional video, made in 2007, in which Newman is once again at his side. “He could have been interviewed [in the video] by anybody [else],” said Forrester proudly. “And Paul said [to me], ‘I want you.’ ”The two men were complementary. Simply wanting to give away the company’s ever increasing profits, Newman loathed the details of business, while Forrester reveled in them. “ ‘Forrester, what’s going to happen when I croak?’ ” Forrester remembered the man he calls his “great friend” asking. “And I said, ‘If you somehow figure out how to come back for a visit 10 years after you pass, it will feel right to you.’ ”White-haired and wearing a green gingham shirt beneath a green V-necked sweater, Forrester, 67, seemed to me like a kindly and earnest uncle. For four hours, he and his sizable staff explained how they are preserving and expanding Newman’s legacy. “Paul didn’t give his heart easily, but he put a lot of trust in Bob,” said Pamela Papay, who became Newman’s Own, Inc.’s first employee, in 1984. “Bob was a giver and not a taker.”A veteran consultant to nonprofit organizations, Forrester was enlisted by Newman in 1993, to straighten out problems the actor was having in opening his first foreign Hole in the Wall Gang Camp (named after the Wyoming mountain pass where Butch Cassidy’s Wild Bunch outlaw gang hid out), for seriously ill children. The two men eventually became such close friends that Forrester worked for 13 years for Newman and his organization for free, Forrester says, and donated $2.7 million of his own money to Newman-related charities. In 2005, Newman appointed Forrester as the first president and C.O.O. of the Newman’s Own Foundation, and later, chairman and C.E.O. of Newman’s Own, Inc., and co-executor of his will. In the six years since Newman’s death, Forrester told me, the food company’s top-line revenue has grown 7.25 percent in compounded annual revenues, and the Newman’s Own Foundation has given away more than $170 million.“There’s no other company out there doing anything like this, where every cent we make we give away,” said Mike McGrath, who introduced Wolfgang Puck soup and helped sell it to Campbell’s in 2008, before succeeding Forrester as C.E.O. of Newman’s Own, Inc., in 2014.“We always say it’s about quality trumping the bottom line. That’s what Paul said. It’s all for the common good,” said Newman’s Own, Inc.’s new president and C.O.O., Dave Best, whose former jobs at General Mills and Unilever involved managing such iconic brands as Cheerios and Hamburger Helper.At the end of our meeting, I joined the staff for an all-Newman’s Own lunch before being sent off with a Baggie of Newman’s Own cookies. I found it all inspiring and uplifting. But even while the foundation remains a global force in funding good works, some people have doubts about whether Newman’s wishes are truly being fulfilled. The questions have come from some of Paul Newman’s daughters and friends, and also, according to sources, from Joanne Woodward, who, upon hearing the details of the disposition of her husband’s reported $600 million estate, allegedly exclaimed, “Oh, my God, that’s not what it was supposed to be!”“Whether my family will go public [with our complaints] or not, there isn’t a single living Newman who respects or has faith in Robert Forrester and his management of my father’s food company, Newman’s Own Foundation, or the continuation and protection of his legacy,” Paul Newman’s eldest daughter, Susan Kendall Newman, tells me. Susan, 62, is a former actress and award-winning television producer who supplies media and production services for nonprofit organizations. Friends describe her as smart, outspoken, and possessing a strong social conscience.Newman’s Own employees, from left: Lori DiBiase, Dave Best, Kelly Giordano, Mike McGrath, Ron Restani, Pamela Papay, and Robert Forrester. Photograph by Ben Hoffman; Grooming by Susan Phear; Produced on Location by Susan Phear.
“Some family members may be angry at me for speaking out,” says Susan. “But I feel like the Newman family has been taken hostage by Bob Forrester. I think Mr. Forrester has forgotten that it is a privilege and enormous responsibility for him to preside over my father’s legacy and carry out his wishes. He seems to be more interested in self-aggrandizement and lavish trappings. [Forrester says this characterization of him is “totally untrue.”] My father would never support many of the things he is doing.”Her four sisters are all distressed by the situation, Susan says. (The two oldest daughters, from Newman’s 1949 marriage, to actress Jacqueline Witte, are Susan, who lives in California, and Stephanie, 60, who leads a quiet life away from the family business and foundation. A son, Scott, died in 1978. Newman’s three daughters from his second marriage, to Joanne Woodward, are Nell, 56; Melissa “Lissy” Elkind, 53, who has volunteered at a Connecticut women’s prison; and Claire “Clea” Soderlund, 50, who has long been involved in philanthropy in Westport and beyond.) But the others have remained silent for fear of making the current situation worse, Susan says, or are bound by confidentiality agreements.“I will not be muzzled any longer,” she says.Salad Days‘It was just a joke, a lark,” 94-year-old writer A. E. Hotchner said, sitting in his sunny Westport house, four miles from the Newmans’ former home. He and Newman met in 1955, when Newman starred in The Battler, a television play Hotchner had written based on a Hemingway short story. The two men quickly became lifelong close friends. (Hotchner jokingly claims in his 2010 memoir, Paul and Me, that they bonded over being the two most inept fishermen ever.)Hotchner recalled how, a few days before Christmas in 1980, Newman phoned to say, “How about coming over and giving me a hand with something?” Hotchner did, only to find his friend drinking beer in his barn, with “a big washtub of vinegar and olive oil and condiments and a lot of dirty wine bottles. It was ridiculous, but it was fun. We drank beer and we mixed up the stuff.”“The stuff” was Newman’s soon-to-be-famous salad dressing, which he had bottled for years and given away. Newman and Hotchner tied ribbons around the wine bottles, gathered their kids, and went Christmas caroling, distributing the bottles along the way. One of Newman’s neighbors then was a young caterer named Martha Stewart, who held a blind taste test. Newman’s was voted No. 1. Calling it Newman’s Own, Newman allowed his face to be put on the label. In 1982 the dressing went on sale in local gourmet shops and groceries.Recalled Hotchner, “To our absolute disbelief, we banged quite a profit that first year”—$920,000, in fact. “Paul said, ‘We can’t be in the business of making money off of it! You’re a writer and I’m an actor and this isn’t what we do. Let’s give it all away to charity.’ ”“Nothing like it,” Hotchner continued, remembering the joy of those giddy, exuberant early days, when Newman tirelessly promoted his food products. In 1988 they established the first Hole in the Wall Gang Camp, serving 288 children. By 2012, the camps would reach 384,700 children worldwide.In 1978, Newman’s life imploded when his only son, Scott, died of an accidental drug-and-alcohol overdose at the age of 28, in a room in a Los Angeles Ramada Inn. Scott had endured a troubled adolescence, getting kicked out of several prep schools for using drugs and alcohol and for disruptive behavior. As a young adult he decided to follow in his father’s footsteps and become an actor, but he met with little success.Newman was wracked with anguish over his son’s death. “I think about him … often … it hurts,” he told Hotchner on a fishing trip in the Bahamas. “The guilt. The guilt. All I could have done … And didn’t do…. And all I did was make more movies and be a big star.” His biggest regret was that he and his son had never really discussed his son’s problems.In 1980, when the remorse and grief were still fresh, Newman opened the Scott Newman Center, in Torrance, California. It provided drug-prevention education in schools and other places in the community. With his son gone, Newman turned his attention to his five daughters. To inspire them to follow in his philanthropic footsteps, he began giving each of them $25,000 annually—to donate to charities of their choosing.In 1993, Nell, then the director of the Ventana Wilderness Sanctuary, in central California, where she was working to re-establish the bald-eagle population, was seized by the idea to create an all-organic division of Newman’s Own. Her father, unfamiliar with the concept of organic food, wasn’t convinced. So, that Thanksgiving, Nell packed a suitcase full of organic California produce, flew to Westport, and cooked Thanksgiving dinner for the family. After “Pop” cleaned his plate, she whispered in his ear, “How did you like your all-organic Thanksgiving dinner?” Newman’s Own Organics was born, with Nell’s company donating a royalty in exchange for using her father’s name and image on the packaging. By 2014 she had given away more than $50 million.‘It is no secret that I will soon be completing my 75th year on this planet,” Paul Newman wrote in a letter he addressed to “The Newman Clan. All” on May 4, 1999, “that it will be twenty years since Scott died, that we are approaching the millennium. The convergence of the above begs for some gathering of family … for all of you to ask questions of your aging father while the opportunity still exists. Questions about my intention as regards to family, questions about expectations, about history, family responsibilities, trusts, business continuity, charity—in short everything.”Newman’s longtime attorney, Leo Nevas, then 87, drafted a six-page letter outlining Newman’s estate plans, which included, “Give Paul’s children the major voice in the distribution of a large part of the funds for charity.” Newman asked his assistant to distribute the attorney’s letter to his wife and daughters and wrote across the top, “This seems to be where we are headed. Pop.”Nell, photographed by Annie Leibovitz, 2008.
In 2005, the Newman’s Own Foundation was established, and two years after that Newman began to “withdraw,” as A. E. Hotchner wrote in his memoir. He burned his tuxedo in Hotchner’s driveway and vowed never to attend another black-tie event. He made his last movie (as the voice of Doc Hudson, the retired car-racing judge and doctor in the 2006 Pixar hit, Cars) and then he began to relinquish his involvement in Newman’s Own.“Every December for 24 years, Paul and I shared a pastrami sandwich, a root beer, and licorice jelly beans while selecting a steadily increasing number of recipients of our profits, which reached a total of $260 million in 2007, the last year Paul participated,” wrote Hotchner. By then, Newman had told him, “Hotchnik, it’s time we got out of the grocery business, you and I, and brought in professionals.”“A board of directors was installed with a very knowledgeable chairman, Robert Forrester, who organized the charitable arm of the company into a foundation,” Hotchner wrote.Forrester would be the head of the Newman’s Own Foundation, but, according to earlier planning documents, Newman’s daughters were intended to be substantially involved. Each would receive an inheritance of $500,000 upon their father’s death. To follow in his footsteps, each daughter was to have a foundation set up for her, to be funded with assets from their father’s estate. The documents suggested that 50 percent of their father’s residual estate would be equally distributed among their foundations, with the remaining 50 percent left to support Joanne Woodward.Including his daughters in his will was a major departure. “From the time we were children, our father informed us there would be no inheritance,” Susan says. “He felt large sums of money eroded your ambition and mostly sabotaged your life. We all accepted this. That’s not to say that financial assistance wasn’t forthcoming over the years. In my mid-30s he called a family meeting and told us he was making some provisions for us after all. Apparently, Joanne had convinced him to do so.”But Newman had often changed his estate plans. “The distribution of Paul Newman’s assets was governed by the terms of a trust created in 1980,” says Brian Murphy, Newman’s Los Angeles-based business manager and accountant of 30 years and co-executor of his will. “Over the years the trust was amended twelve times, the last being in April 2008, six months before Paul’s death.”In 2006, Susan Newman met with Robert Forrester, in Paul Newman’s New York City office, at his Fifth Avenue apartment. “I was told each daughter would inherit a million dollars, which was a sizable increase over what we had been told previously, and my father would set up foundations for each of us,” she says. “Mr. Forrester also told me they would be funded with up to $30 million or more per daughter,” she adds. “Newman’s Own Foundation would have some cursory supervision over them, and the moneys had to be distributed within a finite period of time.” In addition the daughters were to serve on the Newman’s Own Foundation board and the entity that controlled the Hole in the Wall Gang Camps, with “one daughter (perhaps two) serving on its board of directors on a rotating basis,” according to documents outlining Newman’s preliminary estate plans.That year, other meetings among Newman’s advisers and his daughters commenced. “These weren’t casual gatherings,” says Susan. “They were well-orchestrated meetings that required some of us to fly in from out of state. There were business advisers, lawyers, accountants, and authorities in family philanthropy. We were told very specific things, not only about the future of our father’s businesses, primarily philanthropic, but our daughterly responsibilities as my father envisioned them. Of course there were ongoing conversations with our father as well.” (Forrester responds, “Factually, I have no basis upon which to say what level of knowledge all his daughters had about his final estate plans. While he did ask me to speak with them in 2006, about what was then the direction in which his thinking was taking him, he also asked that I make sure they all knew it was preliminary thinking on his part.”)A. E. Hotchner and Paul in 1988. Courtesy of Newman’s Own Foundation.
When Newman had turned 80, in 2005, he was still jogging up and down the stairwells of the hotels where he stayed during trips to the car races in which he and his team competed. He subsisted on burgers and beer as he flew to the races with his pals on Newman Air, his name for his small Sabreliner business jet. At home, he was religious about exercising on his Versaclimber until drenched with sweat.On August 13, 2007, in an outtake from the promotional video interview with Robert Forrester, Newman spoke of his intentions for his family. “All my children get a certain amount to be able to give away every year and they will be giving away my estate as well…. Yes, they are involved. They sit on the board of the companies and the foundation.”Around the time Newman made that video, the pain began. First in his back. The doctors found a spot on his lung, which was partially removed. The pain persisted. Then another diagnosis: it was leukemia.“During these some weeks in the hospital, I’m reminded that I haven’t been extraordinarily communicative,” Paul wrote on February 26, 2008, to his lifelong friend the screenwriter Stewart Stern, whose credits include such classics as Rebel Without a Cause. “Actually for the first week I didn’t know where I was. In fact, weeks ago I can remember asking Joanne, with confusion, ‘What happened?’ She said, ‘You don’t remember going to the hospital at four o’clock in the morning, something short of insane?’ I didn’t.”This period, some say, is when major changes in his estate planning were made.“Many people who have executed a will when they are hale and hearty sometimes have a panic motion with the imminence of death,” observes a close friend of Newman’s. “And a lot of it has to do with whoever has the most influence on them in those last few weeks or months before they die … their lawyer or doctor or priest…. I’m not saying it happened here.”Newman continued to meet with various attorneys and advisers, often in his office in the barn of his Westport property. He had always disliked such technical business meetings, so he would go into the room, express his wishes, and then leave, saying, I’ll be back later.On April 11, 2008, six months before his death, Newman, with the assistance of a new lawyer, re-wrote his will. Four months later, on August 11, a medical report stated, “Memory loss continues to be a serious issue.” By then, he would call his nonagenarian attorney’s Westport office, instead of his new attorney, sometimes making suggestions on issues that had already been decided.Asked about Newman’s state of mind in his final days, Forrester says he “remained lucid, made well-reasoned decisions, and was fully in control of his planning, at least until a couple of weeks of his passing.”PostmortemOn September 26, 2008, Newman died at age 83, surrounded by his family. The reading of the will, in a Westport hotel, was supposed to be routine—at least for Newman’s wife and daughters. He and his advisers had repeatedly expressed his intentions, they believed.“Then we had the rug pulled out from under us,” says Susan.Most everything that the daughters felt they had been promised was gone. There was nothing about one or two daughters rotating on the Newman’s Own Foundation board, because, Forrester says, Newman had changed his mind: “Paul never thought of Newman’s Own as a family enterprise. For him it was always about the public good. At one time, he was giving some thought to having one daughter on each board serving a time-limited term, but ultimately decided against doing so.”The millions that had been discussed as going into their personal foundations—50 percent of Newman’s residual estate—went to Joanne Woodward’s marital trust, and the daughters’ foundations would not be funded until after her death, to ensure that Woodward would be adequately cared for.Since its creation, the sole member of the Newman’s Own Foundation had been Paul Newman. On July 29, two months before his death, Newman signed a “Written Consent of Sole Member” document, appointing Robert Forrester and Brian Murphy as his foundation’s second and third members. Forrester explains, “Around the time of our June 2008 Board meeting, Paul asked Brian Murphy and me to join him as members of the Foundation. A consent document to this effect was drafted by legal counsel and signed by Paul on July 29, 2008…. As sole members, we appoint the Board of the Foundation and approve bylaws. Once this has been done, the Board of Directors has fiduciary and governance responsibilities for the affairs of the Foundation; approving policies, plans, budgets, grants, etc. Further it is the Foundation Board of Directors, not the Foundation’s members, who are responsible for appointing members to the Board, and for approving the bylaws of Newman’s Own, Inc. (the food company).”But according to Susan, “The keys to the kingdom had virtually been given to one man, Bob Forrester.”“Prior to my father’s death, Mr. Forrester’s favorite word was ‘transparency,’ ” she says. “I had never heard the word thrown around as frequently as he used it. After my father passed away, and every plan had been changed and/or deferred, if we asked any questions, we were accused of being adversarial. Mr. Forrester became less available and when we were in communication he could easily become riled up. [Forrester says he continues “to work with members of the Newman family on a regular basis” and knows of “no unanswered questions.”] Soon after he had control of the foundation, it seemed like almost everyone who walked through the door (employees, contract workers, and others) was being asked to sign a non-disclosure agreement. It’s almost impossible to get a straight answer. Some of us receive calls from people with serious concerns, but they fear reprisals with their employment, retirement packages, or contracts. In some cases, they’re nervous about whether their funding will be reduced or discontinued. Ultimately, those concerns prevent any public disclosure.” (Forrester responds, “It has been a long standing practice, predating my involvement with Newman’s Own, that employees, business partners, advisors and members of our Boards sign confidentiality agreements.”)Some of the daughters considered asking for a 10-day continuance before the will was filed for probate. “We discussed this with many lawyers, and they said it was not unusual to ask for an extension to better understand the changes and new provisions. But Forrester responded, ‘No, absolutely not.’ Then there were immediate warnings,” says Susan: “ ‘You’re contesting the will, and could be disinherited.’ Ever since then, we’ve been walking on eggshells.” (Forrester says he has no recollection “of such a conversation and that kind of request would have been made not to me but to the lawyers.”)Newman’s son, Scott, on location for The Great Waldo Pepper. From MPTVImages.com.
Each daughter might still be able to make recommendations for grants to charities of her choosing, as Newman had planned. But with stipulations. “Final authority for grantmaking decisions is solely reserved by the Foundation’s Board of Directors,” they were advised in a letter from Forrester four days after their father’s death. There were no guarantees that the program would continue, that allocation levels wouldn’t change year-to-year, or that the foundation board would approve every recommendation.Forrester insists that Woodward knew about all of her husband’s estate plans. Others say any mention of the changes upset her to the point where the subject became taboo. “Joanne’s dislike for Bob is well known within her inner circle,” says Susan. (Woodward was not available for comment.)“My dad was a brilliant guy with many diverse talents, but he didn’t trust people,” Susan says. “Sadly, it is my belief that he had a propensity for trusting the wrong people. I am terribly concerned about my father’s legacy…. Frankly, I feel, there are just too many questions about my father’s health at the time he was making extremely important decisions … We weren’t the only ones affected. Loyal household staff, longtime employees, and some loved ones had their trusts deferred, or were written out entirely.”Particularly troubling to some was the alleged disappearance of a codicil to Newman’s will, in which he bequeathed one of his racecars to his driver. A source close to the trustees insists the codicil never existed. However, some friends and family members believed the mysterious codicil, to which Newman’s longtime housekeeper and one of his nurses supposedly served as witnesses, was simply never filed, and they viewed this as evidence of possible irregularities. The driver filed a complaint in a Connecticut court. Depositions were taken. But the complaint was eventually dropped.Controversy erupted when Newman’s passion, his Newman/Haas Racing team, was de-funded for the 2009 season, although Newman had allegedly specified that the support was to be continued. “Even though [Forrester] understood that Paul wanted to support the team the following year, he said Joanne’s estate could not afford that and hopefully we would understand that as of that day the Newmans’ participation was out,” recalls Mike Lanigan, a former racing-team partner of Newman’s. (Forrester says he has “no role in Woodward’s estate or personal financial affairs.”) Lanigan says he spent considerable time with Newman shortly before his death. “He would tell me what he wanted shortly before he died,” he says. “I don’t think his wishes in a number of subjects were fulfilled. I’m not talking about the race team. I’m talking about the whole scenario of his estate.”Also de-funded was the Scott Newman Center, founded by Paul Newman amidst his personal devastation over his son’s tragic death. In 2011, Newman’s Own Foundation officials announced that they didn’t intend to continue as the center’s primary donor and insisted that a consultant of their choosing be hired for planning and fund-raising. New sources of funding were not found, however, and the center closed in May 2013. “Paul was very much involved in making this decision; in fact, it was Paul who first expressed a concern about the center’s continuing viability,” Forrester says. “This was in 2006, when it became clear that the center had developed such an overdependency on funding from Newman’s Own, that it was on the verge of losing its tax-exempt status as a public charity. We reached out to them at that time, and offered to work together on their achieving greater financial self-sufficiency…. Regrettably, despite well in excess of a million dollars in grants from the foundation over a four-year period, and a tremendous amount of donated time, the center could not make any substantial progress in broadening its base of support, and its board made the decision to discontinue operations.”After her father’s death, according to a source, Nell Newman was prevented from releasing new products because Newman’s Own, Inc., might want to release the same products. Long discussions over Nell’s licensing agreement to use her father’s name and image, set to expire on December 31, 2014, broke down, and her license was not renewed. She was told she was a disqualified person, the tax-code term barring relatives of the founder of a private foundation in some cases (but not Nell’s, some attorneys would insist) from working for a company owned by a foundation. So Nell offered to work for the company for free, but was turned down. Once, Newman’s Own Organics was thought to be worth between $30 and $50 million, but the company’s value would have been reduced greatly if it could no longer use Paul Newman’s name or image. Launching a new company would mean jeopardizing the employment security of her 30 employees. Without employees or products, Nell decided she had no other choice but to turn her company back over to Newman’s Own, Inc., and walk away, according to a source. Her name and image began to disappear from the label. (Newman’s Own, Inc., now sells most of her organic products.)Again, Forrester says the decision was Paul Newman’s. “It was always the intention that Organics would someday be re-integrated into Newman’s Own when its license expired,” he says. “As organic foods became more mainstream, having two separate companies with essentially the same brand selling into a single market was becoming increasingly confusing. Having the Newman’s Own brand back in one place was something Paul was encouraging and supporting us and Newman’s Own Organics to do. Starting in 2006, and up until his passing, he was actively involved in efforts to accomplish this, and it was one of his greatest hopes that he would have seen this done during his lifetime.”Others find it difficult to believe that Newman would have wanted his daughter to leave the company she founded. “[Paul] was one proud fellow when Nell was so very, very passionate about her belief in organics and he wasn’t, you know,” Stewart Stern told me shortly before his death, at 92, last February. “He had to have it proven to him because it was business, and it was proven or there wouldn’t have been the two of them on all those cans and boxes and everything else. It seems fantastic to me that it is possible that there’ll be any change in that.”I asked the foundation’s publicity representative if a member of Paul Newman’s family would speak to me in their support and received this statement from Clea Soderlund, who remains a foundation vice president: “From a very young age, our parents taught us that being a good citizen in your community and giving back should be a priority if you were as lucky as we were…. I am very proud to be a part of his legacy…. It is a special gift and an honor.”Paul in 1982. By Fred Squillante/A.P. Images.
For Susan Newman and others, it’s now more complicated. “My father didn’t believe in what he called noisy philanthropy. He didn’t need the ego stroking of having his name on the side of a building. He wanted the money to go directly to the camp kids and charities. In the early days, my dad used to get a kick out of his conference table being a Ping-Pong table. Robert Forrester has bought a building. I’ve heard the total cost after renovation is between $12 million and $14 million. It may be more.” (While declining to comment on the cost, Forrester says, “Newman’s Own had some time ago seriously outgrown the space available to it…. Management explored all options, including leasing and buying new facilities…. The Board of Directors made the decision to purchase our new home.”)“As Paul’s eldest daughter, I feel a responsibility, call it a duty, to fulfill his wishes and safeguard his legacy,” continues Susan. “There are too many glaring examples of Mr. Forrester’s decisions’ being out of sync with the beauty and integrity that is essential to my father’s philanthropic legacy. That has got to change.” Forrester counters, “This could not be further from the facts…. Everything we are doing today is in line with Paul’s way of doing things…. The Company has continued to prosper financially, while staying 100 percent committed to the value proposition of ‘Quality Trumps Profits,’ and the philanthropic practices we follow today are ones established with Paul.”The truth of what Paul Newman wanted may have to remain a mystery, said Stern, who was also extremely close to Joanne Woodward. “Like all great heroes, Paul was flawed. Some of those flaws have been appearing in the lives of people who were left behind in the swirl of his going. He would share everything and absolutely nothing, and it was the nothing part that was so very, very, very confusing, even to his best of friends…. He was enigmatic to a degree that I have never experienced with anybody else…. I don’t know and nobody knows precisely what the whole thing is in terms of Paul’s wishes or settlements.”ShareEmailFacebookTwitterMark SealMark Seal joined Vanity Fair as a contributing editor in 2003.YOU MIGHT LIKEWhy Trump Loves “the Mooch,” the New White House Aide Who Made Spicer QuitVanity FairHas Trump Finally Entered the Death Spiral?Vanity FairInside Anthony Scaramucci’s Extreme Loyalty to TrumpVanity FairHow Russia Mercilessly Played Trump for a FoolVanity FairRoger Stone Is About to Have His Time in the BarrelVanity FairDeutsche Bank Is Turning Over Information on TrumpVanity FairAround the WebPowered by ZergnetRELATEDSEEKWhy Trump Loves “the Mooch,” the New White House Aide Who Made Spicer QuitBY BESS LEVINHas Trump Finally Entered the Death Spiral?BY T.A. FRANKSEEK





Newman, Mark S. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Mark S. Newman
MARK S. NEWMAN is Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive
Officer of DRS Technologies, Inc. He joined the company in 1973, four
years after its founding, and became President and CEO in 1994, after
serving many years as the company’s Chief Financial Officer. He was
named a Director in 1988, and in 1995, was elected Chairman of the
Board. Under Mr. Newman’s leadership, DRS has become an established
market leader on several of the most important 21st Century military
platforms and holds a key position in the markets it serves. The company
has grown from a small specialty electronics supplier to a highly
diversified defense technology provider with annual revenues exceeding
$1 billion. DRS is well positioned as one of the fastest growing defense
technology companies in the world. Mr. Newman is active with many
important professional organizations. He is a member of the Board of
Governors of the Aerospace Industries Association, a Director of
Business Executives for National Security, the Commerce and Industry
Association of New Jersey and the New Jersey Technology Council, and is
past Chairman of the Board of Directors of the American Electronics
Association for 2004. He also serves as a member of the Navy League of
the United States, the National Defense Industrial Association, the
Association of the U.S. Army, and the Surface Navy Association, among
other professional affiliations. Mr. Newman is a Director on the Board
of Directors of Congoleum Corporation, Opticare Health Systems, REFAC
Technology, Inc., and SSG Precision Optronics, Inc. He also serves as
Chair of the Audit Committees of the Boards of Congoleum Corporation and
Opticare Health Systems. Mr. Newman earned a Bachelor’s degree in
Economics from the State University of New York at Binghamton and a
Master of Business Administration degree in Financial Management from
Pace University. He is also a Certified Public Accountant.
Related Interviews:Mark Newman - Drs Technologies Inc (drs)March 28, 2005MARK NEWMAN - DRS TECHNOLOGIES INC (DRS)April 19, 2004Mark Newman - Drs Technologies Inc (drs)June 24, 2002Mark Newman - Drs Technologies Inc (drs)November 26, 2001







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google














Mark Newman









Mark Newman

Anatol Rapoport Distinguished University Professor of Physics
Department of Physics and
Center for the Study of Complex
Systems
University of Michigan

External Faculty
Santa Fe Institute



Our group conducts research on the structure and function of networks,
particularly social and information networks, which we study using a
combination of empirical methods, analysis, and computer simulation.  Among
other things, we have investigated scientific coauthorship networks,
citation networks, email networks, friendship networks, epidemiological
contact networks, and animal social networks; we've studied fundamental
network properties such as degree distributions, centrality measures,
assortative mixing, vertex similarity, and community structure, and made
analytic or computer models of disease propagation, friendship formation,
the spread of computer viruses, the Internet, and network navigation.

Information

Publications
Recent presentations
Press coverage
Curriculum vitae


Selected publications:

The structure
of scientific collaboration networks, M. E. J. Newman,
Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 98, 404-409 (2001).
Random graphs with
arbitrary degree distributions and their applications, M. E. J. Newman,
S. H. Strogatz, and D. J. Watts, Phys. Rev. E 64, 026118
(2001).
Assortative mixing in
networks, M. E. J. Newman, Phys. Rev. Lett. 89, 208701
(2002).
The structure and
function of complex networks, M. E. J. Newman, SIAM Review
45, 167-256 (2003).
Modularity and
community structure in networks, M. E. J. Newman, 
Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 103, 8577-8582 (2006).
Hierarchical structure and the
prediction of missing links in networks, A. Clauset, C. Moore,
and M. E. J. Newman, Nature 453, 98–101 (2008).
Power-law distributions in
empirical data, Aaron Clauset, Cosma Rohilla Shalizi, and
M. E. J. Newman, SIAM Review 51, 661-703 (2009).
Random graphs with
clustering, M. E. J. Newman, Phys. Rev. Lett. 103, 058701
(2009).
Graph spectra and the
detectability of community structure in networks, Raj Rao
Nadakuditi and M. E. J. Newman, Phys. Rev. Lett. 108, 188701
(2012).
Percolation on sparse
networks, Brian Karrer, M. E. J. Newman, and Lenka Zdeborová,
Phys. Rev. Lett. 113, 208702 (2014).
Generalized communities in networks, M. E. J. Newman and Tiago P. Peixoto, Phys. Rev. Lett. 115, 088701 (2015).
Structure and inference in annotated networks, M. E. J. Newman and Aaron Clauset,
Nature Communications 7, 11863 (2016).


Research group


Group members:

Dr. Maria Riolo
George Cantwell
Xiao Zhang


Former group members:

Dr. Brian Ball, Dotomi Inc.
Professor Michael Gastner, Yale-NUS College
Professor Michelle
Girvan, University of Maryland
Professor Gourab Ghoshal, University of Rochester
Professor Petter Holme, Tokyo Institute of Technology
Dr. Brian Karrer, Facebook Corporation
Dr. Elizabeth Leicht, Oxford University
Dr. Travis Martin, Google Inc.
Professor Juyong Park, KAIST, Seoul
Professor Bethany Percha, Mount Sinai School of Medicine



Courses

Physics 411, Computational Physics, Winter 2017


Previous courses:

Complex Systems 535, Network Theory, Fall 2015
Physics 390, Introduction to Modern Physics, Winter 2015
Complex Systems 535, Network Theory, Fall 2014
 Physics 411, Computational Physics, Winter 2014
Complex Systems 535, Network Theory, Fall 2013
Physics 411, Computational Physics, Winter 2013
Complex Systems 535, Network Theory, Fall 2012
Physics 411, Computational Physics, Winter 2012
Complex Systems 535, Network Theory, Fall 2011
Physics 411, Computational Physics, Winter 2011
Complex Systems 535, Network Theory, Fall 2010
Physics 390, Introduction to Modern Physics, Winter 2010
Complex Systems 535, Network Theory, Fall 2009
Physics 390, Introduction
to Modern Physics, Winter 2008
Complex Systems 511,
Theory of Complex Systems, Fall 2007
Physics 406, Statistical
and Thermal Physics, Winter 2007
Complex Systems 899,
Theory of Complex Systems, Winter 2006
Complex Systems 535, Network
Theory, Winter 2005
Physics 406, Statistical
and Thermal Physics, Fall 2004
Complex Systems 535, Network
Theory, Winter 2004
Physics 406, Statistical
and Thermal Physics, Fall 2003
Physics 406, Statistical
and Thermal Physics, Fall 2002

Other information


If you are looking for maps of the US election results, click here.



Our recent work on generalized communities in networks was featured on the cover of
Physical Review Letters.



 My book
Networks: An Introduction was published in 2010 by Oxford University
Press.  Information about it is here.  The Amazon
page is also a good place to look for info.



With Daniel Dorling and Anna
Barford, we have a new book of maps available, The Atlas of the Real
World, containing 366 cartograms showing all kinds of different
features of the world today.



Our work on
density-equalizing map projections appeared on the cover of the
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.



The web site accompanying my book Computational Physics is here.
The Worldmapper Project collection of cartograms is here.
A collection of network data sets from various sources is here.  Data sets
include the Zachary karate club and US college football networks that have
been widely used as tests for community structure algorithms, and a number
of coauthorship networks.
Code for calculating the number of communities in a network is here.
Code for the uncertain networks algorithm is here.
Code for the metadata community detection algorithm is here.
Code for the overlapping communities algorithm is here.
Code for the directed network ranking algorithm is here.
Information and code for the degree-corrected block model is here.
Information and code for the link prediction algorithm is here.
Information and code for maximum likelihood fits to power-law
distributions is here.
Information and code for the fast community structure algorithm is here.
Information and code for the cartogram algorithm is here.
Information and code for the percolation algorithm is here.
If you are looking for the summary tables of collaboration indices from
my 2001 paper on coauthorships, they are here.


Contact details:


I am not the only professor called Mark Newman at the University of
Michigan.  I'm the physicist who works on networks.  There is another Mark
Newman in the UM School of Information who works on human-computer
interaction.


Here are my contact details:

Department of Physics
University of Michigan
Randall Laboratory
450 Church Street
Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1040

Phone: (734) 764-4437
Fax: (734) 764-6843
Email: mejn@umich.edu




Last modified: July 3, 2017


Mark Newman, Department of Physics, University of Michigan





	Product Issues and Questions Form
























Product Issues & Questions Form








                  *Required Fields



                   

                 

                 

                 



                  First Name*





                Last Name*







                Address




                 

                 



                City*





               State*







                Zip*





                Email*.








                Telephone




                 





                Bar Code (Example)

                                20662 || 


                 





                                Product Category*
             


BARBECUE SAUCE US
BBQ SAUCE CANADA
CANDY 
CANNED CAT FOOD
CANNED DOG FOOD
CEREAL
CHOCOLATE
COFFEE
COMMON GOOD PASTA SAUCE
COOKIES
COSTCO GRAPE JUICE
DOG TREATS
DRESSING CANADA
DRIED FRUIT
DRINKS
DRY CAT FOOD
DRY DOG FOOD
MAYONNAISE
MICROWAVE POPCORN
MINTS
OIL/VINEGAR
PASTA SAUCE
PIZZA
PRETZELS
SALAD DRESSING
SALSA
SALSA CANADA
SAUCE CANADA
SKILLET MEALS
TEA
WINE



                Product Name*








                Size













                                Use By Date





                Issue/Question**

                 
                
Limit 1300 characters














                            Newman's Own Home



                 












Mark Newman's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up MMark Newman#188056@markhirevueCEO & Founder, HireVuelinkedin.com/in/marknewman268Following487FollowersFollow1 UpvoteHireVueA modern tool for recruitingSaaS+ 2 save 145 2Share this profile






   Mark Newman | Strategic Building Products , LLC | ZoomInfo.com



Products | Mark Newman Music






















Mark Newman Music

 








Navigation



Home
Music
Director Help
About
Contact
 Search






Music




Feel free to download and use any of this music for free. You may copy and use these selections for non-commercial incidental home or church use without charge. Permission is required for any commercial use of this music.


	Showing all 62 results


Default sorting
Sort by popularity
Sort by average rating
Sort by newness
Sort by price: low to high
Sort by price: high to low




 
			Choral (40) 


 
			Instrumental (11) 


 
			Primary Songs (2) 


 
			Solos/Duets (9) 


A Poor Wayfaring Man of Grief
Read more

Abide With Me (SATB / Piano)
Read more

Abide With Me (SATB / String Quartet)
Read more

Abide With Me (Strings)
Read more

Abide With Me Tis Eventide
Read more

All Creatures of Our God and King
Read more

Alpha and Omega (Arrangement)
Read more

Alpha and Omega (Hymn)
Read more

and Mary Pondered (Choral)
Read more

and Mary Pondered (Solo)
Read more

Be Still My Soul (Choral)
Read more

Be Still My Soul (Strings)
Read more

Be Thou Strong
Read more

Because of Him
Read more

Brightly Beams Our Father’s Mercy
Read more

Christ the Living Lord
Read more

Come Come Ye Saints
Read more

Come Follow Me
Read more

Come Thou Fount
Read more

Come Thou Fount (Solo)
Read more

Come Ye Children of the Lord
Read more

Family Home Evening
Read more

Father in Heaven
Read more

God Be With You Til We Meet Again
Read more

Good Christian Men Rejoice
Read more

Hark All Ye Nations
Read more

High on the Mountain Top
Read more

I am a Child of God
Read more

I am a Child of God (Beginner)
Read more

I Believe in Christ
Read more

I Need Thee Every Hour
Read more

If You Could Hie to Kolob
Read more

In Our Lovely Deseret
Read more

Joseph
Read more

Joseph Smith’s First Prayer
Read more

Joy to the World
Read more

Lo How a Rose E’re Blooming
Read more

Nearer My God to Thee
Read more

No Greater Joy
Read more

O My Father
Read more

Oh Come All Ye Faithful – Soprano Duet
Read more

Oh Come All Ye Faithful – SSA
Read more

Praise to the Lord
Read more

Redeemer of Israel
Read more

Rejoice the Lord is King
Read more

Restoration Medley
Read more

Saints Behold How Great Jehovah
Read more

Silent Night
Read more

Sing Aloud Praises
Read more

Sing Praises to God (Arr.)
Read more

Sing Praises to God (Hymn)
Read more

Sing Praises to God (Pro)
Read more

Sweet Hour of Prayer
Read more

Sweet is the Work
Read more

The Beautiful Primary Songs
Read more

The Lord is My Shepherd
Read more

The Still Small Voice
Read more

There is Sunshine in My Soul Today
Read more

What Could Be More Wonderful Than This
Read more

Where is the Help
Read more

While Shepherds Watched
Read more

With Wondering Awe
Read more



Filter byAny TypeArrangementOriginal CompositionFilter byAny VoicingChoral - 2 PartsChoral - SATBChoral - SSAChoral - SSAAChoral - SSATBBChoral - SSATTBChoral - TTBBDuet - SSInstrumental - CelloInstrumental - ClarinetInstrumental - Flute and ClarinetInstrumental - ViolaInstrumental - ViolinPrimary ChildrenVocal Solo - AltoVocal Solo - Any VoiceVocal Solo - Female VoiceVocal Solo - Male VoiceVocal Solo - SopranoFilter byAny AccompanimentOrganPianoString QuartetUnaccompaniedFilter byAny DescantDescant - FluteDescant - ViolaDescant - ViolinNo DescantFilter byAny TopicAtonementCheerfulnessChildrenChoiceChristmasComfortCourageDeathDutyEncouragementEternityFaithFamilyGratitudeGuidanceHeavenHeavenly FatherHoly GhostJesus ChristJoyMilleniumMusicPraisePrayerRestorationSalvationServiceSongStrengthTrialsWord of WisdomYouth 







Type and Press “enter” to Search





 
















Newman's Own: Life after Paul - Sep. 27, 2008






























Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed.
By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.













U.S.
+

International







Log In


Log Out































 

Newman's Own after PaulWhen brands are linked to iconic founders, outliving them is a tricky task. At Newman's Own, leaders are laying plans for the brand to reach the next generation. 



EMAIL  |  
		PRINT  |  
		SHARE  |  
		RSS




TWITTER
 
DIGG
FACEBOOK
DEL.ICIO.US
REDDIT
STUMBLE UPON
MYSPACE
MIXX IT




 







 
Paste this link into your favorite RSS desktop reader

See all CNNMoney.com RSS FEEDS
(close)




By Lenora ChuSeptember 27, 2008: 12:35 PM ET  Family businesses fight long oddsTwo-thirds of family businesses fold before reaching the second generation, and just 12% make it to the third. Advance planning is the key to a lasting corporate legacy.More Gates to give it all awayMore Videos(Fortune Small Business) -- What happens when a company's eponymous founder and celebrity spokesman dies?Executives at food company Newman's Own are now facing that question, as 83-year-old founder Paul Newman passed away Friday following a bout with cancer. "When a celebrity dies without a plan, the company and product can die with him," said Les Banwart, vice-chairman of the nonprofit organization Aileron, which consults on issues of professional management.Newman's uncertain health and advanced age raised questions throughout this year about the future strategic direction of the food company Newman launched in 1982, with a salad dressing first mixed in the basement of the horse barn on his Connecticut property. Today, the company has a staff of 28 and an independent management team. It also launched a spin-off, Newman's Own Organics, run by the actor's daughter Nell Newman. But Paul Newman remains tightly entwined with the brand image of his namesake company - his face is the logo on all of its products - and executives have been tight-lipped about their future leadership plans."For 25 years, we at Newman's Own have had a front row seat to watch Paul's entrepreneurial brilliance, humor, and compassion at work helping those in need," reads a note posted on the Newman's Own and Newman's Own Organics Web sites on Saturday. "We will miss Paul, but we will honor his vision for the Common Good through dedicated stewardship of his company that will perpetuate his philanthropic legacy. Paul wouldn't have it any other way."Company representatives were not immediately available for comment.In the early days, Newman's Own traded heavily on the image of the actor known for classic films such as Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid and Cat on a Hot Tin Roof. Shoppers thronged around store displays that boasted the banner: "Butch Cassidy is also a gourmet cook." More than 10,000 bottles of Newman's now-iconic salad dressing were sold in its first two weeks on the market - and after the national and international press came calling, so did the supermarket chains.Newman's Own says it turned a profit in its first year. All of the privately held company's profits and royalties went directly to Paul, who has from the start distributed the money he takes in from the company to charities. In 1988, Newman launched his flagship charity, Hole in the Wall Camps, which brings together children with serious and terminal illnesses for a free summer-camp experience. (Paul's daughter Clea sits on the Newman's Own Foundation board, which oversees the charitable grants.).Today, Newman's Own is close to hitting the $250 million mark in charitable giving, according to company spokeswoman Susan LaMontagne. In an interview in May, Nell Newman acknowledged that her father's identity was critical to the success of Newman's Own and its associated brands. "We definitely rode on his coattails," Nell Newman said of Newman's Own Organics, which she launched in 1993 under her father's tutelage. Independently owned since 2001, her company operates as a traditional for-profit entity, paying Paul a royalty for the use of his brand and image. "That opened doors for us, but it wouldn't have flown if we hadn't maintained the high quality of the final product," she said. At Newman's Own, Paul Newman was still involved in product development, according to senior vice president of marketing Mike Havard. Paul stopped by the company's Westport, Conn., headquarters in December for the final taste testing of the new line of cereals, Havard said this spring.  "Paul went through every one," Havard said. "He loves to write the legends on the back of the bottles."Whether a formal succession plan is in place is unclear. But most signs indicate that Newman had already transitioned out of the day-to-day operations of the company. "He's a taster," said Nell Newman. "We don't put him in the middle of the process because it can be tedious."A board with a president and CEO oversees operations at the Association of Hole in the Wall Camps, although Paul Newman was known to spend many summer days visiting with the children who attend."That's what he wants his legacy to be - the camps," Nell Newman said. "I mean, wouldn't you have more fun hanging out with the kids versus hanging out with a bunch of executives?" Succession experts point to the restaurant chain Wendy's (WEN) as an example of how celebrity brands can outlive their chief spokesman. Unlike Newman's organizations, Wendy's is publicly held, but founder Dave Thomas appeared in television commercials and was nearly synonymous with the brand. After Thomas died of liver cancer in 2002, it became clear that the company had begun the process of succession long before the transition came to pass, said Matt Paese, vice president of succession management at consulting firm DDI. Wendy's board had in years prior already moved Thomas out of the operational leadership role and named a longtime veteran to the company's chairmanship. Wendy's survived Dave's passing with its sales intact: It reported revenue last year of $2.45 billion, up 19% from 2002. "That's the rule for healthy successions," Paese said. "Start now. Meaning you never stop planning - it's not a static event."Succession management consultant William Rothwell points to Gianni Versace's fashion house as another example of a successful handoff, one managed in particularly abrupt circumstances. After Gianni's murder in 1997, his sister Donatella stepped in as creative director and his older brother Santo became CEO. The company farmed out design responsibilities to another famous design house, and the brand survived."You have to preserve that level of confidence in the name," Rothwell said. As for the future of Newman's Own, marketing VP Havard said the company embarked on a "new strategic direction" this year and plans to expand into new food categories. "We want to get into younger consumers," Havard said. "Those Baby Boomers that love Newman's Own - we want their kids to love Newman's Own, too."Will Newman's stay in the family? Nell hopes Paul's two grade-school grandsons, Peter and Henry, will take an interest in the venture. Their mother, Lissy, designed the Newman's Own Organics label. "They love Pops," Nell said of the grandchildren. "But it's a tricky thing to make that work with family businesses. It's difficult to tell how the next generations will perceive it when they don't have any relationship to the person who was ahead."Meanwhile, Newman's book may help his story survive the ages. Publisher Nan Talese recently reissued in paperback Shameless Exploitation in Pursuit of the Common Good, the book that Paul and Newman's Own co-founder A.E. Hotchner wrote about the company's start. (The title refers to the famously publicity-shy actor's take on the brand's marketing strategy.) "It's an absolutely wonderful blueprint for starting a company just using your common sense," Talese said. "Paul's legacy is a whole new image of philanthropy." Will Paul Newman's brand live on without him? Join the discussion in our forum.  Passing on a family business  Two businesses, one marriage - can it work?  Hello, NewmanTo write a note to the editor about this article, click here.



Latest SmallBusiness QuestionAsk aQuestion







Ask your question...


View our privacy policy
GuidelinesFortune Small Business will select a number of questions to answer each week. Submissions may appear online or in our print magazine. Please include a valid e-mail address and daytime telephone number. If your question is selected for publication, we will include and publish your full name, business name, title and location. If you have further questions about our 'Ask & Answer' process, please contact us at fsb_mail@timeinc.com.
CNNMoney.com Comment Policy








Your Industry
Agriculture
Construction
Consulting & services
Distribution
E-commerce
Education & child care
Fashion & apparel
Financial services
Government & military
Health care & fitness
Manufacturing
Marketing & advertising
Music & arts
Nonprofit
Real estate
Restaurants & food services
Retail
Technology
Transportation & delivery
Travel & hospitality





State
AL
AK
AZ
AR
CA
CO
CT
DE
DC
FL
GA
HI
ID
IL
IN
IA
KS
KY
LA
ME
MD
MA
MI
MN
MS
MO
MT
NE
NV
NH
NJ
NM
NY
NC
ND
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VA
WA
WV
WI
WY
INTL




View our privacy policy
CNNMoney.com Comment Policy





Classroom vs. crash-courseMy dream is to launch my own business someday. Now that it's time to choose a major, I'm debating if I should major in entrepreneurial studies or major in engineering to acquire a set of skills first. Is majoring in entrepreneurship a good choice? More- Spate, Orange, Calif.Topics: Education, Startup



Top Stories


SmallBusiness
FromCNNMoney.com





South Africa's first black female winemaker ready to go it alone


Want to clean up India? Turn trash into free Wi-Fi


Drones, robots, DIY toys shine at Toy Fair 


Trump refuses to be a Bleacher Creature


She's recycling CO2 to reduce oil dependence


He just pitched to Richard Branson and won!







Antitrust claims leveled at German automakers


Stocks: 5 things to know before the open


IMF slashes U.S. growth forecasts 


Kushner: No additional contacts with Russians


Ryanair may move fleet out of U.K. over Brexit


North Korea cancels annual beer festival, tour firms say






Sponsors





































More Galleries



10 of the best beaches near airports
Wait out your layover in the transit lounge? Or grab some sun, sand and surf? More




World's Top Employers for New Grads
For an exclusive CNNMoney list, research firm Universum Global surveyed business students at colleges around the world to see where they most want to work. More




A White House press briefing as told by CNN's sketch artist
The White House started banning cameras during some briefings, so CNN sent in sketch artist Bill Hennessy. More






		More Small Business
	
 Next Little Thing 2010Wireless electricity and a mind-reading headset
 LISTS50 best places to launch a business
 FSB 100Fastest-growing small companies

 






Newman's Own - Wikipedia






















 






Newman's Own

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Newman's Own





Type

Private


Founded
1982


Headquarters
Westport, Connecticut, U.S.



Key people

Paul Newman (founder)
A.E. Hotchner (co-founder)


Products
Popcorn, drinks, pasta sauce, salad dressing, salsa, frozen pizza, frozen skillet meals


Website
Newman's Own


Newman's Own is a food company founded by actor Paul Newman and author A.E. Hotchner in 1982. The company gives 100% of the after-tax profits from the sale of its products to Newman's Own Foundation (a private non-profit foundation) which in turn, gives the money to various educational and charitable organizations.[1] In 1982 Newman summarized his initial intentions regarding distribution of his company's profits:

"My profits will be divided between a number of tax-deductible charities and causes, some church-related, others for conservation and ecology and things like that."[2]




Contents


1 History
2 Controversy
3 Charity
4 Notes
5 External links



History[edit]
The brand started with a homemade salad dressing that Paul Newman and Hotchner prepared themselves and gave to friends as gifts.[3] The successful reception of the salad dressing led Newman and Hotchner to commercialize it for sale.[4] After that initial item, financed by Newman and Hotchner ($20,000 each as seed money),[5] pasta sauce, frozen pizza, lemonade, fruit cocktail juices, popcorn, salsa, grape juice, and other products were produced. Newman's Own Lemonade was introduced in 2004 and Newman's Own premium wines in 2008.[6] Each label features a picture of Newman, dressed in a different costume to represent the product. The company incorporated humor into its label packaging, as in the label for its first salad dressing in 1982, "Fine Foods Since February".[5]
In 1993, Newman's daughter Nell Newman founded Newman's Own Organics[7] as a division of the company, later to become a separate company in late 2001. It produces only organic foods including chocolate, cookies, pretzels and pet food. Her father posed with her for the photographs on the labels.[8]
Newman and Hotchner co-wrote a memoir about their company and the Hole in the Wall Gang Camps, Shameless Exploitation in Pursuit of the Common Good (ISBN 0-385-50802-6), published in 2003. Newman and Robert Forrester had arranged for the continuation of the distribution of Newman's Own profits to charity after Newman's death through the establishment of the Newman's Own Foundation.[9]
Controversy[edit]
On the death of founder Paul Newman in 2008, control of the Newman's Own company and foundation passed to Robert Forrester. This change has been the subject of controversy. One of Newman's children, Susan Newman, has alleged that Forrester has taken her family "hostage" and pushed them off the board of the foundation. Forrester claims that operations of the company and foundation are in accordance with Paul Newman's expressed wishes.[10] Forrester's salary increased from $185,000 to $295,000 from 2010 to 2013.[11]
Charity[edit]
According to the Newman's Own Foundation website, over $495 million (USD) has been generated for charity since 1982.[12] In 2016 the company donated profits of $30 million after gross sales of $600 million.[13] The company co-sponsored the PEN/Newman's Own First Amendment Award, which was presented annually to a United States resident who had fought courageously, despite adversity, to safeguard the First Amendment right to freedom of expression as it applied to the written word.
A sampling of grantees is available at the Newman's Own Foundation website[14] along with a description of funding areas.[15] One beneficiary of this charity is the SeriousFun Children's Network (previously the Association of Hole in the Wall Camps), residential summer camps for seriously ill children, which Paul co-founded in 1988. Today, there are camps, programs, and initiatives operating in 50 countries across 5 continents. Over 384,700 children have attended a SeriousFun program free of charge.[16] While proceeds from Newman's Own financed the startup of the camp, it now receives funding from many other sources. Additionally, the Newman's Own Foundation also provided a grant to The MINDS Foundation to fund US operations of the non-profit that works in rural India.[17] Other beneficiaries of the profits from Newman's Own have included The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund (from 1983 onwards),[18] Shining Hope for Communities,[19] Safe Water Network,[9] Edible Schoolyard NYC,[20] Fisher House Foundation,[21] the WILD Young Women Programme (New Zealand),[22] and Pilgrims Hospices (UK).[23]
Newman's Own Organics pays a name licensing fee, directed to the Newman's Own Foundation, to Newman's Own[citation needed].
Notes[edit]


^ Mike Allen (18 November 1998). "Making His Own Charity an Acquired Taste". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ Mimi Sheraton (15 September 1982). "Newman's Salad Dressing: Oil, Vinegar and Ballyhoo". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-10-01. 
^ Nadine Brozan (22 December 1989). "From Paul Newman's Own Company, $250,000 for Neediest". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ Florence Fabricant (3 April 1991). "New Salsa Is True to Newman's Own Taste". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ a b Ty Burr (28 September 2008). "Blue-eyed idol put an indelible stamp on movies, philanthropy". Boston Globe. Retrieved 2008-10-01. 
^ Businesswire.com
^ "Nell's Corner - About Nell". Newman's Own Organics. Archived from the original on 2014-11-21. Retrieved 21 July 2015. 
^ Florence Fabricant (6 April 1994). "Food Notes". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ a b Susan Haigh (29 September 2008). "Newman planned for charitable legacy after death". International Business Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ Seal, Mark. "Inside the Family Battle for the Newman’s Own Brand Name". Vanity Fair. Retrieved 4 November 2016. 
^ Friedman, Roger. "Paul Newman Foundation President Nearly Doubled Salary in Four Years". Showbiz 411. Retrieved 4 November 2016. 
^ "About us". Newman's Own Foundation
^ CNBC.com, Tom Cunneff (24 March 2017). "Hollywood icon's 'lark' nears half billion in charity, but some family isn't applauding". CNBC. 
^ "Organizations We Support".  Newman's Own Foundation
^ "Focus Areas".  Newman's Own Foundation
^ "About us: The Beginning".  seriousfunnetwork.org
^ "Our Supporters". The MINDS Foundation. Retrieved 29 July 2014. 
^ Jon Gertner (16 November 2003). "Newman's Own: Two Friends and a Canoe Paddle". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ Michael Roth (11 January 2012). "Opportunity, Engagement and Confidence: Cures for the Civic Recession". Huffington Post. Retrieved 2013-04-30. 
^ "Newman's Own Foundation Awards $4 Million for Nutrition Programs". Philanthropy News Digest (Press release). 28 October 2012. Retrieved 2013-04-30. 
^ Michael A. Fuoco (5 December 2012). "Fisher House in Pittsburgh welcomes ailing veterans' families". Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. Retrieved 2013-04-30. 
^ Rebecca Blithe (20 April 2012). "US charity helps fund programme for Auckland teens". The Aucklander. Retrieved 2013-04-30. 
^ Chris Murphy (15 July 2012). "Paul Newman charity to fund research by Kent’s Pilgrims Hospices". KentNews.co.uk. Retrieved 2013-04-30. 


External links[edit]

Newman's Own, official website
Newman's Own Foundation, official website
Newman's Own Coffee website
Newman's Own: Business History
Seal, Mark (23 July 2015). "Inside the family battle for the Newman’s Own brand name". Vanity Fair. Condé Nast. Retrieved 26 June 2016. 







v
t
e


Salad dressings



Condiments



Balsamic vinegar
Honey mustard
Extra virgin olive oil
Lemon juice
Lime juice
Pumpkin seed oil
Vinaigrette








Types



Blue cheese
French
Ginger
Green goddess
Italian
Louis
Mayfair
Mayonnaise
Peanut
Ranch
Russian
Salad cream
Thousand Island
Wafu





Brand names



Hellmann's and Best Foods
Ken's Foods
Marie's
Miracle Whip
Naturally Fresh
Newman's Own
Seven Seas
Wish-Bone








Food portal






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Newman%27s_Own&oldid=791316385"					
Categories: Food manufacturers of the United StatesCompanies established in 1982Salad dressingsSocial enterprisesCompanies based in Westport, Connecticut1982 establishments in ConnecticutCondiment companiesHidden categories: All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Norsk bokmålРусскийСаха тыла 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 13:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Newman's Own - Wikipedia






















 






Newman's Own

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Newman's Own





Type

Private


Founded
1982


Headquarters
Westport, Connecticut, U.S.



Key people

Paul Newman (founder)
A.E. Hotchner (co-founder)


Products
Popcorn, drinks, pasta sauce, salad dressing, salsa, frozen pizza, frozen skillet meals


Website
Newman's Own


Newman's Own is a food company founded by actor Paul Newman and author A.E. Hotchner in 1982. The company gives 100% of the after-tax profits from the sale of its products to Newman's Own Foundation (a private non-profit foundation) which in turn, gives the money to various educational and charitable organizations.[1] In 1982 Newman summarized his initial intentions regarding distribution of his company's profits:

"My profits will be divided between a number of tax-deductible charities and causes, some church-related, others for conservation and ecology and things like that."[2]




Contents


1 History
2 Controversy
3 Charity
4 Notes
5 External links



History[edit]
The brand started with a homemade salad dressing that Paul Newman and Hotchner prepared themselves and gave to friends as gifts.[3] The successful reception of the salad dressing led Newman and Hotchner to commercialize it for sale.[4] After that initial item, financed by Newman and Hotchner ($20,000 each as seed money),[5] pasta sauce, frozen pizza, lemonade, fruit cocktail juices, popcorn, salsa, grape juice, and other products were produced. Newman's Own Lemonade was introduced in 2004 and Newman's Own premium wines in 2008.[6] Each label features a picture of Newman, dressed in a different costume to represent the product. The company incorporated humor into its label packaging, as in the label for its first salad dressing in 1982, "Fine Foods Since February".[5]
In 1993, Newman's daughter Nell Newman founded Newman's Own Organics[7] as a division of the company, later to become a separate company in late 2001. It produces only organic foods including chocolate, cookies, pretzels and pet food. Her father posed with her for the photographs on the labels.[8]
Newman and Hotchner co-wrote a memoir about their company and the Hole in the Wall Gang Camps, Shameless Exploitation in Pursuit of the Common Good (ISBN 0-385-50802-6), published in 2003. Newman and Robert Forrester had arranged for the continuation of the distribution of Newman's Own profits to charity after Newman's death through the establishment of the Newman's Own Foundation.[9]
Controversy[edit]
On the death of founder Paul Newman in 2008, control of the Newman's Own company and foundation passed to Robert Forrester. This change has been the subject of controversy. One of Newman's children, Susan Newman, has alleged that Forrester has taken her family "hostage" and pushed them off the board of the foundation. Forrester claims that operations of the company and foundation are in accordance with Paul Newman's expressed wishes.[10] Forrester's salary increased from $185,000 to $295,000 from 2010 to 2013.[11]
Charity[edit]
According to the Newman's Own Foundation website, over $495 million (USD) has been generated for charity since 1982.[12] In 2016 the company donated profits of $30 million after gross sales of $600 million.[13] The company co-sponsored the PEN/Newman's Own First Amendment Award, which was presented annually to a United States resident who had fought courageously, despite adversity, to safeguard the First Amendment right to freedom of expression as it applied to the written word.
A sampling of grantees is available at the Newman's Own Foundation website[14] along with a description of funding areas.[15] One beneficiary of this charity is the SeriousFun Children's Network (previously the Association of Hole in the Wall Camps), residential summer camps for seriously ill children, which Paul co-founded in 1988. Today, there are camps, programs, and initiatives operating in 50 countries across 5 continents. Over 384,700 children have attended a SeriousFun program free of charge.[16] While proceeds from Newman's Own financed the startup of the camp, it now receives funding from many other sources. Additionally, the Newman's Own Foundation also provided a grant to The MINDS Foundation to fund US operations of the non-profit that works in rural India.[17] Other beneficiaries of the profits from Newman's Own have included The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund (from 1983 onwards),[18] Shining Hope for Communities,[19] Safe Water Network,[9] Edible Schoolyard NYC,[20] Fisher House Foundation,[21] the WILD Young Women Programme (New Zealand),[22] and Pilgrims Hospices (UK).[23]
Newman's Own Organics pays a name licensing fee, directed to the Newman's Own Foundation, to Newman's Own[citation needed].
Notes[edit]


^ Mike Allen (18 November 1998). "Making His Own Charity an Acquired Taste". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ Mimi Sheraton (15 September 1982). "Newman's Salad Dressing: Oil, Vinegar and Ballyhoo". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-10-01. 
^ Nadine Brozan (22 December 1989). "From Paul Newman's Own Company, $250,000 for Neediest". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ Florence Fabricant (3 April 1991). "New Salsa Is True to Newman's Own Taste". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ a b Ty Burr (28 September 2008). "Blue-eyed idol put an indelible stamp on movies, philanthropy". Boston Globe. Retrieved 2008-10-01. 
^ Businesswire.com
^ "Nell's Corner - About Nell". Newman's Own Organics. Archived from the original on 2014-11-21. Retrieved 21 July 2015. 
^ Florence Fabricant (6 April 1994). "Food Notes". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ a b Susan Haigh (29 September 2008). "Newman planned for charitable legacy after death". International Business Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ Seal, Mark. "Inside the Family Battle for the Newman’s Own Brand Name". Vanity Fair. Retrieved 4 November 2016. 
^ Friedman, Roger. "Paul Newman Foundation President Nearly Doubled Salary in Four Years". Showbiz 411. Retrieved 4 November 2016. 
^ "About us". Newman's Own Foundation
^ CNBC.com, Tom Cunneff (24 March 2017). "Hollywood icon's 'lark' nears half billion in charity, but some family isn't applauding". CNBC. 
^ "Organizations We Support".  Newman's Own Foundation
^ "Focus Areas".  Newman's Own Foundation
^ "About us: The Beginning".  seriousfunnetwork.org
^ "Our Supporters". The MINDS Foundation. Retrieved 29 July 2014. 
^ Jon Gertner (16 November 2003). "Newman's Own: Two Friends and a Canoe Paddle". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ Michael Roth (11 January 2012). "Opportunity, Engagement and Confidence: Cures for the Civic Recession". Huffington Post. Retrieved 2013-04-30. 
^ "Newman's Own Foundation Awards $4 Million for Nutrition Programs". Philanthropy News Digest (Press release). 28 October 2012. Retrieved 2013-04-30. 
^ Michael A. Fuoco (5 December 2012). "Fisher House in Pittsburgh welcomes ailing veterans' families". Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. Retrieved 2013-04-30. 
^ Rebecca Blithe (20 April 2012). "US charity helps fund programme for Auckland teens". The Aucklander. Retrieved 2013-04-30. 
^ Chris Murphy (15 July 2012). "Paul Newman charity to fund research by Kent’s Pilgrims Hospices". KentNews.co.uk. Retrieved 2013-04-30. 


External links[edit]

Newman's Own, official website
Newman's Own Foundation, official website
Newman's Own Coffee website
Newman's Own: Business History
Seal, Mark (23 July 2015). "Inside the family battle for the Newman’s Own brand name". Vanity Fair. Condé Nast. Retrieved 26 June 2016. 







v
t
e


Salad dressings



Condiments



Balsamic vinegar
Honey mustard
Extra virgin olive oil
Lemon juice
Lime juice
Pumpkin seed oil
Vinaigrette








Types



Blue cheese
French
Ginger
Green goddess
Italian
Louis
Mayfair
Mayonnaise
Peanut
Ranch
Russian
Salad cream
Thousand Island
Wafu





Brand names



Hellmann's and Best Foods
Ken's Foods
Marie's
Miracle Whip
Naturally Fresh
Newman's Own
Seven Seas
Wish-Bone








Food portal






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Newman%27s_Own&oldid=791316385"					
Categories: Food manufacturers of the United StatesCompanies established in 1982Salad dressingsSocial enterprisesCompanies based in Westport, Connecticut1982 establishments in ConnecticutCondiment companiesHidden categories: All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Norsk bokmålРусскийСаха тыла 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 13:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Newman's Own - Wikipedia






















 






Newman's Own

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Newman's Own





Type

Private


Founded
1982


Headquarters
Westport, Connecticut, U.S.



Key people

Paul Newman (founder)
A.E. Hotchner (co-founder)


Products
Popcorn, drinks, pasta sauce, salad dressing, salsa, frozen pizza, frozen skillet meals


Website
Newman's Own


Newman's Own is a food company founded by actor Paul Newman and author A.E. Hotchner in 1982. The company gives 100% of the after-tax profits from the sale of its products to Newman's Own Foundation (a private non-profit foundation) which in turn, gives the money to various educational and charitable organizations.[1] In 1982 Newman summarized his initial intentions regarding distribution of his company's profits:

"My profits will be divided between a number of tax-deductible charities and causes, some church-related, others for conservation and ecology and things like that."[2]




Contents


1 History
2 Controversy
3 Charity
4 Notes
5 External links



History[edit]
The brand started with a homemade salad dressing that Paul Newman and Hotchner prepared themselves and gave to friends as gifts.[3] The successful reception of the salad dressing led Newman and Hotchner to commercialize it for sale.[4] After that initial item, financed by Newman and Hotchner ($20,000 each as seed money),[5] pasta sauce, frozen pizza, lemonade, fruit cocktail juices, popcorn, salsa, grape juice, and other products were produced. Newman's Own Lemonade was introduced in 2004 and Newman's Own premium wines in 2008.[6] Each label features a picture of Newman, dressed in a different costume to represent the product. The company incorporated humor into its label packaging, as in the label for its first salad dressing in 1982, "Fine Foods Since February".[5]
In 1993, Newman's daughter Nell Newman founded Newman's Own Organics[7] as a division of the company, later to become a separate company in late 2001. It produces only organic foods including chocolate, cookies, pretzels and pet food. Her father posed with her for the photographs on the labels.[8]
Newman and Hotchner co-wrote a memoir about their company and the Hole in the Wall Gang Camps, Shameless Exploitation in Pursuit of the Common Good (ISBN 0-385-50802-6), published in 2003. Newman and Robert Forrester had arranged for the continuation of the distribution of Newman's Own profits to charity after Newman's death through the establishment of the Newman's Own Foundation.[9]
Controversy[edit]
On the death of founder Paul Newman in 2008, control of the Newman's Own company and foundation passed to Robert Forrester. This change has been the subject of controversy. One of Newman's children, Susan Newman, has alleged that Forrester has taken her family "hostage" and pushed them off the board of the foundation. Forrester claims that operations of the company and foundation are in accordance with Paul Newman's expressed wishes.[10] Forrester's salary increased from $185,000 to $295,000 from 2010 to 2013.[11]
Charity[edit]
According to the Newman's Own Foundation website, over $495 million (USD) has been generated for charity since 1982.[12] In 2016 the company donated profits of $30 million after gross sales of $600 million.[13] The company co-sponsored the PEN/Newman's Own First Amendment Award, which was presented annually to a United States resident who had fought courageously, despite adversity, to safeguard the First Amendment right to freedom of expression as it applied to the written word.
A sampling of grantees is available at the Newman's Own Foundation website[14] along with a description of funding areas.[15] One beneficiary of this charity is the SeriousFun Children's Network (previously the Association of Hole in the Wall Camps), residential summer camps for seriously ill children, which Paul co-founded in 1988. Today, there are camps, programs, and initiatives operating in 50 countries across 5 continents. Over 384,700 children have attended a SeriousFun program free of charge.[16] While proceeds from Newman's Own financed the startup of the camp, it now receives funding from many other sources. Additionally, the Newman's Own Foundation also provided a grant to The MINDS Foundation to fund US operations of the non-profit that works in rural India.[17] Other beneficiaries of the profits from Newman's Own have included The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund (from 1983 onwards),[18] Shining Hope for Communities,[19] Safe Water Network,[9] Edible Schoolyard NYC,[20] Fisher House Foundation,[21] the WILD Young Women Programme (New Zealand),[22] and Pilgrims Hospices (UK).[23]
Newman's Own Organics pays a name licensing fee, directed to the Newman's Own Foundation, to Newman's Own[citation needed].
Notes[edit]


^ Mike Allen (18 November 1998). "Making His Own Charity an Acquired Taste". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ Mimi Sheraton (15 September 1982). "Newman's Salad Dressing: Oil, Vinegar and Ballyhoo". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-10-01. 
^ Nadine Brozan (22 December 1989). "From Paul Newman's Own Company, $250,000 for Neediest". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ Florence Fabricant (3 April 1991). "New Salsa Is True to Newman's Own Taste". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ a b Ty Burr (28 September 2008). "Blue-eyed idol put an indelible stamp on movies, philanthropy". Boston Globe. Retrieved 2008-10-01. 
^ Businesswire.com
^ "Nell's Corner - About Nell". Newman's Own Organics. Archived from the original on 2014-11-21. Retrieved 21 July 2015. 
^ Florence Fabricant (6 April 1994). "Food Notes". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ a b Susan Haigh (29 September 2008). "Newman planned for charitable legacy after death". International Business Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ Seal, Mark. "Inside the Family Battle for the Newman’s Own Brand Name". Vanity Fair. Retrieved 4 November 2016. 
^ Friedman, Roger. "Paul Newman Foundation President Nearly Doubled Salary in Four Years". Showbiz 411. Retrieved 4 November 2016. 
^ "About us". Newman's Own Foundation
^ CNBC.com, Tom Cunneff (24 March 2017). "Hollywood icon's 'lark' nears half billion in charity, but some family isn't applauding". CNBC. 
^ "Organizations We Support".  Newman's Own Foundation
^ "Focus Areas".  Newman's Own Foundation
^ "About us: The Beginning".  seriousfunnetwork.org
^ "Our Supporters". The MINDS Foundation. Retrieved 29 July 2014. 
^ Jon Gertner (16 November 2003). "Newman's Own: Two Friends and a Canoe Paddle". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ Michael Roth (11 January 2012). "Opportunity, Engagement and Confidence: Cures for the Civic Recession". Huffington Post. Retrieved 2013-04-30. 
^ "Newman's Own Foundation Awards $4 Million for Nutrition Programs". Philanthropy News Digest (Press release). 28 October 2012. Retrieved 2013-04-30. 
^ Michael A. Fuoco (5 December 2012). "Fisher House in Pittsburgh welcomes ailing veterans' families". Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. Retrieved 2013-04-30. 
^ Rebecca Blithe (20 April 2012). "US charity helps fund programme for Auckland teens". The Aucklander. Retrieved 2013-04-30. 
^ Chris Murphy (15 July 2012). "Paul Newman charity to fund research by Kent’s Pilgrims Hospices". KentNews.co.uk. Retrieved 2013-04-30. 


External links[edit]

Newman's Own, official website
Newman's Own Foundation, official website
Newman's Own Coffee website
Newman's Own: Business History
Seal, Mark (23 July 2015). "Inside the family battle for the Newman’s Own brand name". Vanity Fair. Condé Nast. Retrieved 26 June 2016. 







v
t
e


Salad dressings



Condiments



Balsamic vinegar
Honey mustard
Extra virgin olive oil
Lemon juice
Lime juice
Pumpkin seed oil
Vinaigrette








Types



Blue cheese
French
Ginger
Green goddess
Italian
Louis
Mayfair
Mayonnaise
Peanut
Ranch
Russian
Salad cream
Thousand Island
Wafu





Brand names



Hellmann's and Best Foods
Ken's Foods
Marie's
Miracle Whip
Naturally Fresh
Newman's Own
Seven Seas
Wish-Bone








Food portal






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Newman%27s_Own&oldid=791316385"					
Categories: Food manufacturers of the United StatesCompanies established in 1982Salad dressingsSocial enterprisesCompanies based in Westport, Connecticut1982 establishments in ConnecticutCondiment companiesHidden categories: All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Norsk bokmålРусскийСаха тыла 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 13:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Newman's Own - Wikipedia






















 






Newman's Own

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Newman's Own





Type

Private


Founded
1982


Headquarters
Westport, Connecticut, U.S.



Key people

Paul Newman (founder)
A.E. Hotchner (co-founder)


Products
Popcorn, drinks, pasta sauce, salad dressing, salsa, frozen pizza, frozen skillet meals


Website
Newman's Own


Newman's Own is a food company founded by actor Paul Newman and author A.E. Hotchner in 1982. The company gives 100% of the after-tax profits from the sale of its products to Newman's Own Foundation (a private non-profit foundation) which in turn, gives the money to various educational and charitable organizations.[1] In 1982 Newman summarized his initial intentions regarding distribution of his company's profits:

"My profits will be divided between a number of tax-deductible charities and causes, some church-related, others for conservation and ecology and things like that."[2]




Contents


1 History
2 Controversy
3 Charity
4 Notes
5 External links



History[edit]
The brand started with a homemade salad dressing that Paul Newman and Hotchner prepared themselves and gave to friends as gifts.[3] The successful reception of the salad dressing led Newman and Hotchner to commercialize it for sale.[4] After that initial item, financed by Newman and Hotchner ($20,000 each as seed money),[5] pasta sauce, frozen pizza, lemonade, fruit cocktail juices, popcorn, salsa, grape juice, and other products were produced. Newman's Own Lemonade was introduced in 2004 and Newman's Own premium wines in 2008.[6] Each label features a picture of Newman, dressed in a different costume to represent the product. The company incorporated humor into its label packaging, as in the label for its first salad dressing in 1982, "Fine Foods Since February".[5]
In 1993, Newman's daughter Nell Newman founded Newman's Own Organics[7] as a division of the company, later to become a separate company in late 2001. It produces only organic foods including chocolate, cookies, pretzels and pet food. Her father posed with her for the photographs on the labels.[8]
Newman and Hotchner co-wrote a memoir about their company and the Hole in the Wall Gang Camps, Shameless Exploitation in Pursuit of the Common Good (ISBN 0-385-50802-6), published in 2003. Newman and Robert Forrester had arranged for the continuation of the distribution of Newman's Own profits to charity after Newman's death through the establishment of the Newman's Own Foundation.[9]
Controversy[edit]
On the death of founder Paul Newman in 2008, control of the Newman's Own company and foundation passed to Robert Forrester. This change has been the subject of controversy. One of Newman's children, Susan Newman, has alleged that Forrester has taken her family "hostage" and pushed them off the board of the foundation. Forrester claims that operations of the company and foundation are in accordance with Paul Newman's expressed wishes.[10] Forrester's salary increased from $185,000 to $295,000 from 2010 to 2013.[11]
Charity[edit]
According to the Newman's Own Foundation website, over $495 million (USD) has been generated for charity since 1982.[12] In 2016 the company donated profits of $30 million after gross sales of $600 million.[13] The company co-sponsored the PEN/Newman's Own First Amendment Award, which was presented annually to a United States resident who had fought courageously, despite adversity, to safeguard the First Amendment right to freedom of expression as it applied to the written word.
A sampling of grantees is available at the Newman's Own Foundation website[14] along with a description of funding areas.[15] One beneficiary of this charity is the SeriousFun Children's Network (previously the Association of Hole in the Wall Camps), residential summer camps for seriously ill children, which Paul co-founded in 1988. Today, there are camps, programs, and initiatives operating in 50 countries across 5 continents. Over 384,700 children have attended a SeriousFun program free of charge.[16] While proceeds from Newman's Own financed the startup of the camp, it now receives funding from many other sources. Additionally, the Newman's Own Foundation also provided a grant to The MINDS Foundation to fund US operations of the non-profit that works in rural India.[17] Other beneficiaries of the profits from Newman's Own have included The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund (from 1983 onwards),[18] Shining Hope for Communities,[19] Safe Water Network,[9] Edible Schoolyard NYC,[20] Fisher House Foundation,[21] the WILD Young Women Programme (New Zealand),[22] and Pilgrims Hospices (UK).[23]
Newman's Own Organics pays a name licensing fee, directed to the Newman's Own Foundation, to Newman's Own[citation needed].
Notes[edit]


^ Mike Allen (18 November 1998). "Making His Own Charity an Acquired Taste". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ Mimi Sheraton (15 September 1982). "Newman's Salad Dressing: Oil, Vinegar and Ballyhoo". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-10-01. 
^ Nadine Brozan (22 December 1989). "From Paul Newman's Own Company, $250,000 for Neediest". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ Florence Fabricant (3 April 1991). "New Salsa Is True to Newman's Own Taste". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ a b Ty Burr (28 September 2008). "Blue-eyed idol put an indelible stamp on movies, philanthropy". Boston Globe. Retrieved 2008-10-01. 
^ Businesswire.com
^ "Nell's Corner - About Nell". Newman's Own Organics. Archived from the original on 2014-11-21. Retrieved 21 July 2015. 
^ Florence Fabricant (6 April 1994). "Food Notes". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ a b Susan Haigh (29 September 2008). "Newman planned for charitable legacy after death". International Business Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ Seal, Mark. "Inside the Family Battle for the Newman’s Own Brand Name". Vanity Fair. Retrieved 4 November 2016. 
^ Friedman, Roger. "Paul Newman Foundation President Nearly Doubled Salary in Four Years". Showbiz 411. Retrieved 4 November 2016. 
^ "About us". Newman's Own Foundation
^ CNBC.com, Tom Cunneff (24 March 2017). "Hollywood icon's 'lark' nears half billion in charity, but some family isn't applauding". CNBC. 
^ "Organizations We Support".  Newman's Own Foundation
^ "Focus Areas".  Newman's Own Foundation
^ "About us: The Beginning".  seriousfunnetwork.org
^ "Our Supporters". The MINDS Foundation. Retrieved 29 July 2014. 
^ Jon Gertner (16 November 2003). "Newman's Own: Two Friends and a Canoe Paddle". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-30. 
^ Michael Roth (11 January 2012). "Opportunity, Engagement and Confidence: Cures for the Civic Recession". Huffington Post. Retrieved 2013-04-30. 
^ "Newman's Own Foundation Awards $4 Million for Nutrition Programs". Philanthropy News Digest (Press release). 28 October 2012. Retrieved 2013-04-30. 
^ Michael A. Fuoco (5 December 2012). "Fisher House in Pittsburgh welcomes ailing veterans' families". Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. Retrieved 2013-04-30. 
^ Rebecca Blithe (20 April 2012). "US charity helps fund programme for Auckland teens". The Aucklander. Retrieved 2013-04-30. 
^ Chris Murphy (15 July 2012). "Paul Newman charity to fund research by Kent’s Pilgrims Hospices". KentNews.co.uk. Retrieved 2013-04-30. 


External links[edit]

Newman's Own, official website
Newman's Own Foundation, official website
Newman's Own Coffee website
Newman's Own: Business History
Seal, Mark (23 July 2015). "Inside the family battle for the Newman’s Own brand name". Vanity Fair. Condé Nast. Retrieved 26 June 2016. 







v
t
e


Salad dressings



Condiments



Balsamic vinegar
Honey mustard
Extra virgin olive oil
Lemon juice
Lime juice
Pumpkin seed oil
Vinaigrette








Types



Blue cheese
French
Ginger
Green goddess
Italian
Louis
Mayfair
Mayonnaise
Peanut
Ranch
Russian
Salad cream
Thousand Island
Wafu





Brand names



Hellmann's and Best Foods
Ken's Foods
Marie's
Miracle Whip
Naturally Fresh
Newman's Own
Seven Seas
Wish-Bone








Food portal






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Newman%27s_Own&oldid=791316385"					
Categories: Food manufacturers of the United StatesCompanies established in 1982Salad dressingsSocial enterprisesCompanies based in Westport, Connecticut1982 establishments in ConnecticutCondiment companiesHidden categories: All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Norsk bokmålРусскийСаха тыла 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 13:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






