


















 





George K Ng - San Francisco, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found George K Ng in San Francisco, CA


George K Ng

                                                                           Intelius found that George K Ng  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from San Francisco, CA.  We have connected them to
                1 address,
                0 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

George K Ng is in his 50s

George Has Lived In

San Francisco, CA

George's Relatives

Irene Chan
Chan Sze







George K Ng



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about George? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about George, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on George K Ng
Get a Criminal Check on George K Ng
Get a Public Record Report on George K Ng
Get a People Search Report on George K Ng


George K Ng's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where George K Ng has lived as well as George K Ng's phone numbers and email addresses.




George K Ng Has Lived in 1 States
California Address for George K Ng


27 H******** A** 

San Francisco, CA


Has Lived In

San Francisco, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with George K Ng



Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with George K Ng



Get Email Report




George K Ng's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for George K Ng


George K Ng's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of George K Ng's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
George Ng
Username Matches

                  GeorgeNg
                  NgGeorge
                  George.Ng
                  Ng.George
                  George_Ng
                  Ng_George
                  George-Ng
                  Ng-George
                  GNg
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
G Ng







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











    George Ng | Gordon & Rees LLP | ZoomInfo.com




















 



 BioDelivery Sciences Announces Hiring of George Ng as General Counsel 
         










    










 






 











 









BioDelivery Sciences Announces Hiring of George Ng as General Counsel

Dec 17, 2012, 07:00 ET
		  		  								
						 from   BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







BDSI Logo.  (PRNewsFoto/BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc.)    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




BDSI Logo.  (PRNewsFoto/BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc.)
 


 

 




 





 


RALEIGH, N.C., Dec. 17, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. (Nasdaq:   BDSI) announced today the hiring of George K. Ng as Senior Vice President & General Counsel.  In this capacity, Mr. Ng will be responsible for overseeing BDSI's legal, compliance and intellectual property activities.  Mr. Ng will report directly to Dr. Mark A. Sirgo, President and Chief Executive Officer.
(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20110217/CL49801LOGO )
Mr. Ng has more than a decade of experience in both law and the pharmaceutical and life sciences fields.  Mr. Ng has held various senior management positions with publicly-traded, global biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, including Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Alpharma, Inc., with oversight over legal, intellectual property, litigation and compliance matters.  Additionally, Mr. Ng has been responsible for the legal lead in due diligence, negotiations and contract preparation for multiple business development transactions, including U.S. and ex-U.S. licenses, global collaboration agreements and intellectual property and product acquisitions. 
Most recently in private practice, Mr. Ng was a partner in two AMLAW 200 law firms where he had leadership roles, including establishing the life sciences practice group for one firm and heading it as the national co-chair.  In his private practice positions, Mr. Ng's responsibilities included patent and trademark prosecution, licensing and litigation support, with areas of expertise including drug delivery technologies and medical devices.
In 2012, Mr. Ng was a recipient of M&A Advisor's Top 40 Under 40 Award.  In addition, in 2010, MDB Capital recognized Mr. Ng (and the company where he led intellectual property efforts) for its Best and Brightest Award and as an Astrum Award nominee for a pharmaceutical patent portfolio that he developed and managed.  
Mr. Ng earned a Juris Doctor (J.D.) degree in law from the University of Notre Dame School of Law and a Bachelor of Arts and Sciences (B.A.S.) dual degree in Biochemistry & Economics from the University of California, Davis.
About BioDelivery Sciences International
BioDelivery Sciences International (NASDAQ:   BDSI) is a specialty pharmaceutical company that is leveraging its novel and proprietary patented drug delivery technologies to develop and commercialize, either on its own or in partnerships with third parties, new applications of proven therapeutics.  BDSI is focusing on developing products to meet unmet patient needs in the areas of pain management and addiction.  BDSI's pain franchise currently consists of two products utilizing the patented BEMA technology.  ONSOLIS (fentanyl buccal soluble film) is approved in the U.S., Canada, and the E.U. (where it is marketed as BREAKYL), for the management of breakthrough pain in opioid tolerant, adult patients with cancer.  The commercial rights are licensed to Meda for all territories worldwide except for Taiwan (licensed to TTY Biopharm) and South Korea (licensed to Kunwha Pharmaceutical Co.).  BDSI's second pain product, BEMA Buprenorphine, is being developed for the treatment of moderate to severe chronic pain and is licensed on a worldwide basis to Endo Health Solutions.  Additionally, BDSI is developing a high dose formulation of buprenorphine in combination with naloxone (BNX) for the treatment of opioid dependence.  Both BEMA Buprenorphine and BNX are in Phase 3 clinical development.  BDSI's headquarters is located in Raleigh, North Carolina.  For more information visit www.bdsi.com.
Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements
This press release and any statements of representatives and partners of BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. (the "Company") related thereto contain, or may contain, among other things, certain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Such forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties.  Such statements may include, without limitation, statements with respect to the Company's plans, objectives, projections, expectations and intentions and other statements identified by words such as "projects," "may," "will," "could," "would," "should," "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "estimates," "intends," "plans," "potential" or similar expressions.  These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the Company's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including those detailed in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and those that relate to the Company's ability to leverage the expertise of employees and partners to assist the Company in the execution of its strategy.  Actual results may differ significantly from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.  These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are subject to change based on various factors (many of which are beyond the Company's control).  The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 
BDSI® and BEMA® are registered trademarks of BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc.  The BioDelivery Sciences logo is a trademark owned by BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc.  ONSOLIS® is a registered trademark of Meda Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  BREAKYL™ is a trademark owned by Meda Pharma GmbH & Co. KG.
© BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc.  All rights reserved.
 SOURCE  BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.bdsi.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Jan 22, 2013, 07:00 ET
Preview: BioDelivery Sciences Announces Completion of BNX Safety Study




















Nov 28, 2012, 07:00 ET
Preview: BioDelivery Sciences Announces $40 Million Registered Financing








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











Jul 12, 2017, 07:30 ET
BioDelivery Sciences Announces Health Canada Approval of BELBUCA®














Jul 12, 2017, 07:30 ET
BioDelivery Sciences Announces Agreement with CVS/Caremark for...








Jul 12, 2017, 07:30 ET
BioDelivery Sciences Signs Exclusive Agreement With Purdue Pharma...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Insider Trading - Ng George K - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Ng George K





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2015-08-21Purchase
2015-08-213:39 pm
Sorrento Therapeutics Inc.
SRNE
Ng George KSee Remarks
888
$13.5
$11,990
14,901(IndirectDirect)
View


2015-08-03Purchase
2015-08-055:00 pm
Sorrento Therapeutics Inc.
SRNE
Ng George KSee Remarks
11,453
$11.5
$131,710
14,901(Indirect)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-08Option Award
2016-11-098:29 pm
N/AN/A
Sorrento Therapeutics Inc.
SRNE
Ng George KSee Remarks
89,338
$0
90,226(Direct)
View


2016-08-12Option Award
2016-08-164:31 pm
N/A2026-08-12
Sorrento Therapeutics Inc.
SRNE
Ng George KSee Remarks
100,000
$6.52
260,000(Direct)
View


2016-03-11Option Award
2016-03-154:17 pm
N/A2026-03-11
Sorrento Therapeutics Inc.
SRNE
Ng George KSee Remarks
40,000
$5.79
160,000(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Thu, 27 Jul 2017 05:30:34 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  

















What George Products manufacturers 






























Thursday, July 27, 2017










 

















HOME / CONTACT


ABOUT US


PRODUCTS


SUPPORT


RESOURCES


TRAINING VIDEOS


EVENTS / NEWS











PRODUCTS


OASIS Elite


Overview


Operation


Programming


Tools


Examples


Reporting


Optics




Core


CoreX2


Elite Dual


ACCESSORIES


Manual Rotary Stage


Motorized Rotary Stage


Premium Software 













110 Sleepy Hollow
Middletown, DE 19709

302-449-0199












Reduce Measurement Time, with the Industry’s Fastest Inspection System!
 
Simply place a part on the OASIS pedestal and watch as the system measures multiple dimensions instantly.
 








Core
OASIS Elite
CoreX2


 

 


 
Elite Dual
 



 
 
 
 






































George Products Company, Inc.
©2017 All Rights Reserved


Privacy Statement


OASIS Training Videos


Terms of Use


Sitemap





Designed by: Technigraphics, Inc.   |  
Hosting 
by: Delaware.Net



Facebook
Linkedin
Twitter
Youtube
Wordpress







