

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 













 





NHIT: SECURITIZED CREDIT TRUST Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      NHIT: SECURITIZED CREDIT TRUST
                    

•   BOSTON, MA
                          • Trust
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Nhit: Securitized Credit Trust is based out of Boston.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-12-08.  The notice  included securities offered of Other
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 7



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from NHIT: SECURITIZED CREDIT TRUST, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




nhit: securitized credit trust


ONE FINANCIAL CENTER

BOSTON
MA
                                                        
                                                    02111


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      803-343-2029







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 12/08/2016
D/A filed on 09/13/2016
D/A filed on 07/07/2015
D/A filed on 05/28/2014
D/A filed on 01/17/2012
D/A filed on 07/13/2011
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-12-08
D/A
INVESTING

      Other
    
INDEFINITE
499,974,106
INDEFINITE


2016-09-13
D/A
INVESTING

      Other
    
INDEFINITE
499,134,106
INDEFINITE


2015-07-07
D/A
INVESTING

      Other
    
INDEFINITE
413,634,106
INDEFINITE


2014-05-28
D/A
INVESTING

      Other
    
INDEFINITE
323,634,107
INDEFINITE


2012-01-17
D/A
INVESTING

      Other
    
INDEFINITE
151,013,255
INDEFINITE


2011-07-13
D/A
INVESTING

      Other
    
INDEFINITE
63,534,644
INDEFINITE


2009-09-15
D
INVESTING

      Other
    
INDEFINITE
63,534,644
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




.   LOOMIS SAYLES  COMPANY, LP

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



.   LOOMIS SAYLES TRUST COMPANY, LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



N/A   LOOMIS SAYLES TRUST COMPANY, LLC

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















 SECGems: NHIT: Securitized Credit Trust 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 NHIT: Securitized Credit Trust 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
7













	 
	
	 ONE FINANCIAL CENTER
	 
	
	
	   BOSTON, 
	   MA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   803-343-2029    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2015-07-07NHIT: Securitized Credit Trust


2012-01-17Loomis Sayles Securitized Credit Trust


2011-07-13Loomis Sayles US Securitized Credit Trust


2011-07-13Loomis Sayles US Securitized Asset Credit Trust2009-07-16








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001468546
State of Incorporation
NH
Country of Incorporation
USA
Fiscal year end
1231










Form D Related Persons# Filings





 Loomis Sayles & Company LP


3




 Loomis Sayles Trust Company LLC


7











All related persons/companies# Filings





 Loomis Sayles Securitized Credit Trust (0001468546) 


6




 Loomis Sayles US Securitized Asset Credit Trust (0001468546) 


8




 Loomis Sayles US Securitized Credit Trust (0001468546) 


7







 








db
 
 










































NHIT: Securitized Credit Trust - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











NHIT: Securitized Credit Trust  Funding details


NHIT: Securitized Credit Trust Industry: InvestingCIK Number: 0001468546Address: ONE FINANCIAL CENTER  BOSTON 02111Phone number: 803-343-2029Former name: Loomis Sayles US Securitized Asset Credit Trust, date of change: 2009-07-16Former name: Loomis Sayles US Securitized Credit Trust, date of change: 2011-07-13Former name: Loomis Sayles Securitized Credit Trust, date of change: 2011-07-13



Latest news
NHIT: Securitized Credit Trust raised $499,974,106 from 11 investors on 2016-12-08.



NHIT: Securitized Credit Trust Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-12-08Amended Form DIndefinite$499,974,106Indefinite$5,000,0001106b[SEC Filing]2016-09-13Amended Form DIndefinite$499,134,106Indefinite$5,000,0001006b[SEC Filing]2015-07-07Amended Form DIndefinite$413,634,106Indefinite$5,000,000906b[SEC Filing]2014-05-28Amended Form DIndefinite$323,634,107Indefinite$5,000,000906b[SEC Filing]2012-01-17Amended Form DIndefinite$151,013,255Indefinite$0406[SEC Filing]2011-07-13Amended Form DIndefinite$63,534,644Indefinite$0206[SEC Filing]2009-09-15New Form DIndefinite$63,534,644Indefinite$0206[SEC Filing]
NHIT: Securitized Credit Trust raised $499,974,106 in total.



Directors and Executives of NHIT: Securitized Credit Trust
Key People in NHIT: Securitized Credit Trust:

. Loomis Sayles Trust Company, LLC. Loomis Sayles & Company, LPn/a Loomis Sayles Trust Company, LLC
Similar companiesNHIT: INVESTMENT GRADE CORPORATE BOND TRUST, NHIT: Credit Asset Trust, NHIT: CORE FIXED INCOME TRUST, NHIT: HIGH YIELD FULL DISCRETION TRUST, NHIT: MULTISECTOR FULL DISCRETION TRUST, NHIT: WORLD BOND TRUST, NHIT: Long Duration Corporate Bond Trust, NHIT: Multi-Asset Real Return Trust, NHIT: STRATEGIC ALPHA TRUST, NHIT: Emerging Debt & Currencies Trust, NHIT: GLOBAL FIXED INCOME TRUST, NHIT: Intermediate Duration Fixed Income Trust








Last visited companies: ICEROSE PARTNERS LP, JOBALINE INC., KCM MID CAP VALUE FUND LLC, Knopp Biosciences LLC, LR-Imaginea Coinvestment, L.P.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.














 

Nhit: Securitized Credit Trust - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/202131-nhit-securitized-credit-trustsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=202131  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Nhit: Securitized Credit TrustCompany DetailsGet alertedif Nhit: Securitized Credit Trust gets funded!Nhit: Securitized Credit TrustFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesMassachusettsBostonIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors July 6th, 2015$413,634,106-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Nhit: Securitized Credit Trust gets funded?Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

Securitized Products - Credit Suisse































Navigation

Access Key Navigation

Skip to the start page
Skip to the main content
Skip to the Secondary/Sidebar content
Skip to the main navigation (top bar)
Skip to section navigation
Skip to the site navigation
Skip to the search
Skip to the language selector
Skip to the country selector







General Information



Search







Home


Switzerland




Site Navigation



						Products and Services



						Careers



						About us









	                	Investment Banking






                    		Contact




Main Navigation


Client Offering



Advanced Execution Services


Capital Markets


Convertibles


Corporate Access


Credit Suisse Corporate Insights


Emerging Markets


Equity Derivatives


Equity Sales & Trading


Exchange Traded Funds - Key Investor Information Documents


Fixed Income


Financial Sponsors


Fund Linked Products


HOLT


Industry Experience


Mergers & Acquisitions


Prime Services


Private Placements





Research



Equities Research


Fixed Income Research


Global Indices and Alpha Strategies


Investment Solutions


Macro Research


Research Institute


Technical Analysis





Applications



Credit Suisse PLUS


PrimeTrade





Regions



Americas


Asia Pacific


EMEA


Switzerland





Awards & Rankings


About Us



About Us


Customer Notices





Financial & Regulatory



Credit Suisse (USA), Inc.


Credit Suisse International


Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited


Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC


Credit Suisse (International) Holding AG


Credit Suisse Mexico


Credit Suisse Turkey


Subsidiaries Pillar 3


Country by Country Reporting


Credit Suisse AG Milan Branch


Credit Suisse International Italian Branch


Credit Suisse AG London Branch















You are here:



				Switzerland


				
					 >

				Investment Banking


				
					 >

				Client Offering


				
					 >

				Fixed Income


				
					 >
				Securitized Products




Section Navigation


Advanced Execution Services


Capital Markets


Convertibles


Corporate Access


Credit Suisse Corporate Insights


Emerging Markets


Equity Derivatives


Equity Sales & Trading


Exchange Traded Funds - Key Investor Information Documents


Fixed Income


Credit


Emerging Markets


Global Macro Products


Securitized Products




Financial Sponsors


Fund Linked Products


HOLT


Industry Experience


Mergers & Acquisitions


Prime Services


Private Placements






			Securitized Products
Innovative structured solutions through strong collaboration
In Securitized Products, we have the market strength to deliver innovative client solutions that have been recognized with leading industry awards. Our teams based in New York, London, Hong Kong and Tokyo deliver a full spectrum of Securitized Products trading / financing, transaction management and structured client solutions.Government Guaranteed Trading
The team has expertise in trading a full array of securities backed by conforming balance mortgage loans that are guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae. We specialize in trading mortgage pass-throughs, Agency CMOs, mortgage derivatives and Agency CMBSAsset Finance
The Asset Finance team has expertise across residential mortgage, commercial real estate, consumer asset-backed, alternative, and transportation finance and securitization. This resource enables us to provide asset and portfolio advisory services and financing solutions to our clients, including structuring, restructuring, valuation, disposition, principal, banking or securitization solutions across these asset classes.Private Label Trading
Our expertise comprises new issue and secondary trading of cash and synthetics across Non-Agency RMBS, Residential Whole Loans, ABS, CMBS, CLO and European Securitized Products.Select Portfolio Servicing (SPS)
Credit Suisse owns SPS, a residential mortgage servicing company. This enables us to deliver servicing solutions for both performing and non-performing single-family residential mortgage loans.LOCUS Analytics via Credit Suisse PLUS
Our Securitized Products franchise has developed a suite of market leading analytics called LOCUS, available through our online platform Credit Suisse PLUS. We provide clients with use of our proprietary models and live market monitors, the same tools used by our Credit Suisse trading desks. The robust platform includes calculators, market monitors, charting/data analysis and relative value tools.

MBS Live
MBS Calculator
Historical Analysis Charting Tool


Secondary Content



Share



Share This


Facebook


Google+


Twitter


LinkedIn


General Information


Print


Close










Awards & Recognition


2015 and 2014 Best Global Securitization House
Euromoney Awards for Excellence
Overall Best Securitization Bank, Best Bank for ABS, ABS Deal of the Year: Lead managers- Citi and Credit Suisse
2015 GlobalCapital US Securitization Awards
Euro CLO of the Year
2014 GlobalCapital Awards
2014 and 2013 Americas Structured Finance House, 2014 EMEA Structured Finance Issue: Credit Foncier, 2013 Structured Finance House and Americas Structured Finance Issue: Blackstone
IFR Awards
Greenwich Share Leader in U.S. Fixed Income Securities
2014 Greenwich Associates
Most Innovative Investment Bank for Securitization
2014 The Banker Investment Banking Awards
Greenwich Share Leader in U.S. Fixed Income Securities (PDF)
 2014 Greenwich Associates
Overall Best Securitization Bank, Best Bank for ABS, ABS Deal of the Year: Lead managers - Citi and Credit Suisse
2015 GlobalCapital US Securitization Awards
2014 and 2013 Americas Structured Finance House, 2014 EMEA Structured Finance Issue: Credit Foncier, 2013 Structured Finance House and Americas Structured Finance Issue: Blackstone
IFR Awards








Increase Contrast


Print




Follow us on:









Accessibility

General Information (Footer)

  Copyright © 1997 - 2017 CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

Legal Notes.














 

Nhit: Securitized Credit Trust raised $413,634,106 on July 6th, 2015































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/354412-nhit-securitized-credit-trustsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=354412  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Nhit: Securitized Credit Trust raised $413,634,106 on July 6th, 2015.Get alertedif Nhit: Securitized Credit Trust gets funded!Amount:$413,634,106Company:Nhit: Securitized Credit TrustInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesMassachusettsBostonKey people:-Data sources:www.sec.gov - D/A - NHIT: Securitized Credit Trust (0001468546) (Filer)Description:In July 6th, 2015, Nhit: Securitized Credit Trust closed 410M for its securities offering. Nhit: Securitized Credit Trust is a Finance-specialized company.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!
















Investing In Securitized Products

















































































 























Topics



What's New



Why These 10 Growth Stocks May Keep on Growing




Facebook Profit, Revenue Smash Estimates as Mobile Ad Sales Soar


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Tender Offer
An offer to purchase some or all of shareholders' shares in a corporation. The price ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Are Bezos & Musk's Rocketships Bad for Markets?


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters























                Investing In Securitized Products            


    By Brian Perry 






Share















































 Securitized products represent a complicated sector of the fixed-income market. These products are pools of financial assets. These are brought together to make a new security, which is then divided and sold to investors. Because the value and cash flows of the new asset are based on its underlying securities, these investments can be hard to analyze. Regardless of whether an individual ultimately chooses to invest in securitized products, a better understanding of this dynamic market is instrumental to the development of a robust, well-rounded investment education. This article will explain what securitization is, outline its benefits and discuss the investment characteristics of securitized products before concluding with a look at how securitized products might fit into an individual investor's portfolio. 
Tutorial: Understanding The Credit Crisis How Securitization WorksSecuritization describes the process of pooling financial assets and turning them into tradable securities. The first products to be securitized were home mortgages; these were followed by commercial mortgages, credit card receivables, auto loans, student loans and many other financial assets. 
Bonds backed by home mortgages are commonly referred to as mortgage-backed securities (MBS), and bonds backed by non-mortgage-related financial assets are called asset-backed securities (ABS). Although there are important distinctions among the various types of mortgage- and asset-backed products, for the purposes of this article we will simply refer to all of these bonds as "securitized products". They are also grouped into an area known as structured finance in the investment banking community. (To learn more, check out Profit From Mortgage Debt With MBS.)
The process of creating a securitized bond is straightforward. A financial institution (the "issuer") with assets it wishes to securitize sells the assets to a special-purpose vehicle (SPV). For legal purposes, the SPV is a separate entity from the financial institution, but the SPV exists only to purchase the financial institution's assets. By selling the assets to the SPV, the issuer receives cash and removes the assets from its balance sheet, providing the issuer with greater financial flexibility. The SPV   issues bonds to  finance the purchase of the assets; these bonds can be traded in the marketplace and are referred to as securitized products. (Read about another use of SPVs in    Investing In Emerging Market Debt.)  
One key feature of securitized products is that they are usually issued in tranches. This means that the larger deal is broken down into smaller pieces, each of which has different investment characteristics. The existence of different tranches makes securitized products appealing to a wide range of investors, because each investor can choose the tranche that best combines his or her desire for yield, cash flow and safety. (To learn more, check out What is a tranche? and Behind The Scenes Of Your Mortgage.)
Benefits of SecuritizationThere are several key benefits that securitization provides to market participants and the broader economy: 
Frees capital for lending - Securitization provides financial institutions with a mechanism for removing assets from their balance sheets, thereby increasing the pool of available capital that can be loaned out.
Lowers the cost of capital - A corollary to the increased abundance of capital is that the rate required on loans is lower; lower interest rates promote increased economic growth. (Read about how the Federal Reserve controls interest rates and stimulates the economy in How Much Influence Does The Fed Have? and The Federal Reserve's Fight Against Recession.)

Makes non-tradable assets tradable – This action increases liquidity in a variety of previously illiquid financial products.

Spreads the ownership of risk - Pooling and distributing financial assets provides greater ability to diversify risk and provides investors with more choice as to how much risk to hold in their portfolios. (For further reading, check out How Do Banks Determine Risk?)
Provides profits for financial intermediaries - Intermediaries benefit by keeping the profits from the spread, or difference, between the interest rate on the underlying assets and the rate paid on the securities that are issued.
Creates an attractive asset class for investors - Purchasers of securitized products benefit from the fact that securitized products are often highly customizable and can offer a wide range of yields. (Learn more in Understanding Structured Products.) 
Investment Characteristics of Securitized Products
High YieldMany securitized products offer relatively attractive yields. These high returns don't come for free though; compared to many other types of bonds, the timing of the cash flows from securitized products is relatively uncertain. This uncertainty is why investors demand higher returns. 
DiversificationAs one of the largest fixed-income security types, securitized products present fixed-income investors with an alternative to government, corporate or municipal bonds. (To learn more, check out The Importance of Diversification.)
SafetyThere are several methods that financial intermediaries use in order to issue bonds that are safer than the assets that back them. Most securitized products have investment-grade ratings. (Learn more about bond ratings in What does investment grade mean? and Junk Bonds: Everything You Need To Know.)
Internal credit enhancement refers to safeguards that are built into the structure of the securitized product itself. Common forms of internal credit enhancement include subordination (where highly rated tranches receive cash flow priority over lower-rated tranches) and overcollateralization (where the amount of bonds issued by the SPV is less than the value of the assets backing the deal). The intended effect of any type of internal credit enhancement is that cash flow shortfalls due to losses in the value of the underlying assets do not affect the value of the safest tranches of bonds. This works well given relatively low levels of losses, but the value of the protection is less certain if losses on the underlying assets are substantial. 
External credit enhancement occurs when a third party provides an additional guarantee of payment for bondholders. Common forms of external credit enhancement include third-party bond insurance, letters of credit and corporate guarantees. The main drawback to external credit enhancement is that the additional protection is only as good as the party providing it. If the third-party guarantor experiences financial hardship, the value of its guarantee may be negligible, leaving the safety of the bonds dependent on the bonds' underlying fundamentals. 
Securitized Products and Your Portfolio As with many other areas of the fixed-income marketplace, the main participants in the securitized products market are institutional investors. There are several reasons for this, including large average transaction sizes, a lack of readily available pricing information and difficulty in properly valuing many securitized products. (Learn the rules that govern bond pricing in Bond Market Pricing Conventions.)
Despite these challenges, many individuals invest in securitized products. Owners of diversified fixed-income mutual funds or exchange-traded funds often indirectly hold securitized products through their funds' holdings. Some individuals also choose to invest directly in securitized products. 
Most brokerage firms offer an inventory of securitized products to select from. The best way to purchase securitized products from an inventory is to begin with an idea of the investment characteristics being sought (size, yield, safety, maturity, etc.). By starting this way, an investor is likely to find an appropriate securitized product that suits his or her needs and helps to build the investor's portfolio. (To learn more, check out The Importance of Asset Allocation.)
The Bottom LineBecause of the size and importance of the securitized products market, a basic understanding of securitized products will benefit even investors who have no intention of investing directly in securitized products. For individuals intrigued by this sector, significant additional research should be conducted before contemplating an investment in this complicated sector of the fixed-income market.









  






 











































      Trending
    



The Trump Economy: News and Analysis




Announcing the Top 100 Most Influential Financial Advisors




Who is Anthony Scaramucci?




Why Retiring on 70% of Your Income Might Be Tough




Investopedia's Guide to Impact Investing







Hot Definitions



                                                    Tender Offer                                            

 An offer to purchase some or all of shareholders' shares in a corporation. The price offered is usually at a premium to the ...  



                                                    Ponzi Scheme                                            

 A fraudulent investing scam promising high rates of return with little risk to investors. The Ponzi scheme generates returns ...  



                                                    Dow Jones Industrial Average - DJIA                                            

 The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a price-weighted average of 30 significant stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange ...  



                                                    Revolving Credit                                            

 A line of credit where the customer pays a commitment fee and is then allowed to use the funds when they are needed. It is ...  



                                                    Marginal Utility                                            

 The additional satisfaction a consumer gains from consuming one more unit of a good or service. Marginal utility is an important ...  



                                                    Contango                                            

 A situation where the futures price of a commodity is above the expected future spot price. Contango refers to a situation ...  












Trading Center















Partner Links



















Want to learn how to invest?
Get a free 10 week email series that will teach you how to start investing.
Delivered twice a week, straight to your inbox.









No thanks, I prefer not making money.



























 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy

























