






National Car Rental customer service contacts - Elliott






















































 










 Elliott
A site that advocates for you










National Car Rental


National Car Rental and Vanguard Car Rental are subsidiaries of Enterprise Holdings headquartered in Clayton, Missouri. Vanguard primarily serves the airport rental car market with the National Car Rental and Alamo Rent-A-Car brands.
600 Corporate Park DriveSt. Louis, MO 63105https://www.nationalcar.com/Phone ContactsMain: (800) 468-3334Customer Service: (314) 512-5000How to get through to a person: Press 1 at each prompt.
Email Contacts customerservice@nationalcar.comContact us form
Social Media Contacts Facebook Twitter Google PlusExecutive ContactsPrimary ContactDavid K. Nestor Senior Vice President of North American Operations600 Corporate Park DriveSt. Louis, MO 63105(314) 512-5000david.nestor@ehi.comChristine "Chrissy" Taylor-Broughton  Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer600 Corporate Park DriveSt. Louis, MO 63105(314) 512-4283 christine.taylor-broughton@erac.comChief ExecutivePamela M. Nicholson President and Chief Executive Officer600 Corporate Park DriveSt. Louis, MO 63105(314) 512-5000 x 2070pam.nicholson@ehi.comAlternate email addresses: pnicholson@erac.com and pam.nicholson@ehi.com
An Enterprise contact notes that Nicholson is not in a “customer-facing” position and should not be contacted with customer service problems. We have agreed to note that.
Researched by Christopher Elliott and filed under Car Rental.Last updated: March 16, 2017.






Search

Search for:



 Tweets by @elliottdotorg

 



Our underwriters Allianz Travel Insurance — The Allianz Travel Insurance company has built its reputation on partnering with agents all around the world to provide comprehensive travel insurance for their clients. Contact Allianz Travel Insurance for a comprehensive list of coverage.
Enterprise — A family-owned, world-class portfolio of brands. A global network that spans across more than 85 countries. Some 97,000 dedicated team members sharing common values. And more than 1.9 million vehicles taking our customers wherever they need to go. 
Fareportal — Fareportal’s portfolio of brands, which include CheapOair and OneTravel, are dedicated to helping customers enjoy their trip. Whether you want to call, click, or use one of our travel apps, one thing is clear: We make it easy to take it easy.
Insuremyrentalcar.com – An independent provider of low cost CDW/LDW insurance for use with rental cars. Up to $100,000 cover with no deductible. Policies available on a per day, per trip or per year basis. Also works with overseas rentals. Try Insuremyrentalcar.com now.
LegalShield —
 North America’s leading provider of legal safeguards and protection against identity theft solutions for individuals, families and small businesses. They’ve built a community of 1.65 million members and growing. Their mobile app allows you to connect to your law firm from the palm of your hand. LegalShield provides affordable access to lawyers in all 50 states, empowering citizens and providing peace of mind.

 



 Support this site. If you've benefitted from the stories, posts or executive contacts on this site, please consider supporting us.  You can become an Elliott underwriter by making a donation through PayPal now. The funds will help pay for web hosting, IT services and the expenses for publishing this incredibly useful consumer advocacy site.

You can also use our Amazon affiliate link to do your online shopping. We'll get a small referral fee for each item you purchase. (Note: We don't endorse or promote any products offered online.)

Our underwriters MedjetAssist — MedjetAssist is the premier global and domestic air-medical transport membership program for travelers. If you become hospitalized more than 150 miles from home, and you are a member of MedjetAssist, we will get you from that unfamiliar hospital all the way home to the hospital you trust. All you pay for this bedside-to-bedside is your membership fee. Become a Medjet member today and take advantage of discounted rates available for Elliott.org readers. We’re not insurance, we’re better: MedjetAssist.
Travel Insurance – Squaremouth.com helps travelers easily and instantly compare all the   major travel insurance plans. To ensure customer satisfaction, only   companies that meet squaremouth.com’s strict requirements make it into   the system. You can save over 70 percent on your next policy at Squaremouth.
Travel Leaders Group - Travel Leaders Network assists millions of leisure and business travelers, annually, and is the largest seller of luxury travel, cruises, river cruises and tours in the travel agency industry. It is also the largest travel agent organization selling corporate travel. Led by flagship Travel Leaders-branded travel agencies, the network includes nearly 7,000 Associates and Member travel agencies locations in the United States and Canada and represents more than $21 billion in annual sales volume.

 



 



























Get smart. Sign up for the newsletter.


Subscribe
×









Pamela Nicholson - Wikipedia





















 






Pamela Nicholson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Pamela M. Nicholson


Alma mater
University of Missouri


Occupation
President & CEO at
Enterprise Holdings (2008-)


Predecessor
Andrew C. Taylor


Pamela M. Nicholson is a U.S. businesswoman. She is President and Chief Executive Officer of Enterprise Holdings. In 2007 she was also inducted in the Fortune Top 50 Most Powerful Women list as number 44.[1] In 2009, Forbes included her among their 100 Most Powerful Women at number 89.[2]
Career with Enterprise[edit]
Nicholson began her career at Enterprise Rent A Car in 1981 as a Management Trainee in St. Louis.[3] In 9 months she was promoted to an Assistant Manager Position. Inside of one year, she moved to the rapidly growing Southern California group. Once there, she promoted herself through the company to the top tier position of Regional Vice President of the Southern California Group in 12 years. During her work there the group grew 26,000 cars and continues to be one of the company's largest groups[citation needed].
In 1994, Nicholson was promoted to Corporate Vice President in St. Louis and was given 10 groups to oversee.[4] While there, she was considered instrumental[citation needed] in establishing the National Preferred Provider Rental Agreements between Enterprise Rent A Car and many of the auto manufacturers. In 1997, she moved back into rental as the General Manager of the New York group. She spent two years there increasing fleet growth and doubling profitability[citation needed]. Nicholson then was promoted to Senior Vice President of North American Operations in 1999. In 2003, she became Chief Operating Officer and President in 2008.
On June 4, 2013 it was announced that she would assume the role of Chief Executive Officer. Nicholson is not only the first female CEO in the company's history, but also the first that is not a member of the Taylor family of St. Louis. Her predecessor, Andrew "Andy" Taylor, son of founder Jack Taylor, will continue to stay involved with company activities as Executive Chairman.
References[edit]



^ "50 Most Powerful Women". CNN. October 16, 2008. 
^ "The 100 Most Powerful Women". Forbes.com. 
^ http://aboutus.enterprise.com/who_we_are/executive_bios/pam_nicholson_bio_2.pdf
^ http://aboutus.enterprise.com/who_we_are/executive_bios/pam_nicholson_bio_2.pdf







This article about a chief executive from the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Pamela_Nicholson&oldid=753669474"					
Categories: University of Missouri alumniAmerican women chief executivesEnterprise Holdings20th-century American businesspeople21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican chief operating officersLiving peopleAmerican chief executive stubsHidden categories: Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2008All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


فارسیFrançais 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 8 December 2016, at 15:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 












Pamela M. Nicholson, Enterprise Holdings, Inc. President & CEO - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Pamela M. Nicholson
President & CEO, Enterprise Holdings, Inc.

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Pamela M. Nicholson at Enterprise Holdings, Inc.. Pamela M. Nicholson works as President & CEO , acting in a Executive Management role .  Enterprise Holdings, Inc. is a leader in Travel & Transportation .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Executive Management leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News

07/14/2017:


Enterprise Rent-a-Car: At a Place Where Everyone Starts at the Bottom, Anyone Can Get to the Top

His audience is 90 rising stars from across the company who are there for the company’s Minority Leadership Forum. But the audience also includes Enterprise Executive Chairman Andy Taylor (the family-owned $20B company’s second-generation leader), CEO and President Pam Nicholson, Chief Operating Officer Chrissy Taylor (Andy’s daughter), and other top officers. And their participation isn’t ceremonial here. .....

People In This Article:
Pamela M. Nicholson
 

06/28/2017:


6 Secret Ways Companies Are Trying to Prevent You From Quitting

..... I think that helps foster trust with my team.” —Pam Nicholson, CEO of Enterprise Holdings
“Yesterday I was in Las Vegas speaking to about 500 of our store directors, specialists, and district managers sharing with them where we’re going, what I’m excited about, what my Top 10 favorite products are. It’s one of my favorites because I walk through the audience, talk about product and sort of have my own Oprah moment where I’m throwing out product to them. .....

People In This Article:
Pamela M. Nicholson
 






Learn more about Pamela M. Nicholson  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Pamela M. Nicholson and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved
















































>var switchTo5x=true;
    













Site Search


x

Search









Enterprise Holdings



Total Transportation  Solution
Global  Leadership
Commitment To  Customer Service
Corporate  Social  Responsibility
News  Room
Financial  Information




















							June
							2013


							04
						




							Press Release
						

							Pamela Nicholson Promoted to  Chief Executive Officer of Enterprise Holdings
						






















Pamela Nicholson Promoted to  Chief Executive Officer of Enterprise Holdings


 ST. LOUIS (June 4, 2013) – Enterprise Holdings today announced that Pamela M. Nicholson, the company’s President and Chief Operating Officer, has been promoted to Chief Executive Officer. She becomes only the third CEO in the privately held company’s 56-year history and the first to come from outside the Taylor family, which founded the company and grew it from a tiny start-up into the world’s largest car rental company. The position has been held since 1991 by Andrew C. Taylor, who will continue to be actively engaged with the company as Executive Chairman. Nicholson – a 32-year veteran of the company – will retain her current title of President and continue to oversee the day-to-day, worldwide operations of Enterprise Holdings, which operates Alamo Rent A Car and National Car Rental, as well as its flagship Enterprise Rent-A-Car brand. As CEO, she also will take on expanded responsibility for the company’s business strategies and for building and maintaining relationships with key customers, suppliers, financial institutions, elected officials and other stakeholders. “In her ten years as Chief Operating Officer and five years as President, Pam Nicholson has proven herself more than ready to take on the duties of Chief Executive Officer,” said Taylor. “This step is a natural evolution of Pam’s strong leadership of our business – leadership that has won her the loyalty and respect of our management team, of the Taylor family and of the larger Enterprise family. “What’s more, Pam personifies the entrepreneurial, promote-from-within culture that has always been a key part of our company’s success,” Taylor added. “She began her career with us serving customers at the rental counter, and her great work has earned her one opportunity after another. I know Pam will thrive on this latest opportunity as CEO and build on her long record of achievement with Enterprise.” Since Nicholson’s appointment as Chief Operating Officer, revenues for the company and its affiliate Enterprise Fleet Management have more than doubled, from $6.9 billion in FY 2003 to $15.4 billion in FY2012. She has played an increasingly important role in driving that growth; among other accomplishments, she led the successful acquisition and integration of the Alamo and National brands, has guided the company’s growing presence in the car-sharing market and, most recently, is overseeing Enterprise’s aggressive international expansion. In her new position, Nicholson is a corporate officer and the highest ranking woman, not only at Enterprise Holdings, but in the entire $20-billion U.S. car rental industry. She is also the highest ranking woman among the world’s largest travel companies and, based on company revenue, ranks among the top 20 female CEOs across all industries. She leads the company’s extensive network of 8,200 neighborhood and airport locations worldwide – with 6,000 offices located within 15 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population and almost twice as many locations as Enterprise Holdings’ nearest competitor. She also oversees Enterprise CarShare, Enterprise Rideshare vanpooling, Enterprise Car Sales and Enterprise Commercial Trucks, as well as Enterprise Fleet Management, an affiliate of Enterprise Holdings owned by the Taylor family. For the past six years, Nicholson has been named to FORTUNE’s “Most Powerful Women in Business” list. “This is a company that has had only two CEOs in the past 56 years, our founder, Jack Taylor, and Andy,” Nicholson said. “To follow in that line is a terrific honor.” “I know that Andy plans to be a very hands-on Executive Chairman, and I look forward to working with him and our team to ensure that the company stays focused on the things that have made us the industry leader – taking excellent care of our customers, providing a great workplace and great opportunities for our people, staying disciplined and farsighted in our financial management and keeping our commitments to the communities we serve,” Nicholson continued. Nicholson began her career with Enterprise Rent-A-Car in 1981 as a Management Trainee in St. Louis after graduating from the University of Missouri with a Bachelor of Arts degree. Over the next 12 years, she was promoted through the ranks to Regional Vice President in Southern California. During that period, the Southern California group grew from 1,000 to more than 27,000 cars in its fleet, and is today the company’s largest operating group. In 1994, Nicholson returned to her hometown of St. Louis to become a Corporate Vice President at Enterprise Holdings’ worldwide headquarters, overseeing the efforts of 10 operating groups located throughout the United States. Three years later, she was promoted to the top job with the New York Enterprise Rent-A-Car group, the company’s second largest operating group. During her two years as New York’s General Manager, the group enjoyed excellent fleet growth and saw its profitability more than double. She was promoted back to St. Louis as Senior Vice President-North American Operations in 1999, was named Chief Operating Officer in 2003, and then President in 2008. Nicholson currently serves on the corporate boards of Energizer Holdings, Inc., and Enterprise Holdings, and is former chairman of the Humane Society of Missouri board of directors. She also is a generous supporter of a number of social causes in the St. Louis area, including the United Way. In addition, Nicholson’s past service includes serving on the board of the United Way of Bergen County, New Jersey, and on the board of INROADS of St. Louis, an employment program for minority college students.






About Enterprise Holdings


                     Enterprise Holdings and its affiliate Enterprise Fleet Management together offer a total transportation solution. Combined, these businesses – which include extensive car rental and car-sharing services, commercial truck rental, corporate fleet management and retail car sales – accounted for $15.4 billion in revenue and operated 1.3 million vehicles throughout the world in fiscal 2012. Enterprise Holdings, through its regional subsidiaries, operates the Enterprise Rent-A-Car, National Car Rental and Alamo Rent A Car brands. The company also operates largest fleet of vehicles in the world through a global network of more than 8,200 airport and neighborhood locations. 
                



                     Enterprise Holdings and its affiliate Enterprise Fleet Management together offer a total transportation solution. Combined, these businesses – which include extensive car rental and car-sharing services, commercial truck rental, corporate fleet management and retail car sales – accounted for $15.4 billion in revenue and operated 1.3 million vehicles throughout the world in fiscal 2012. Enterprise Holdings, through its regional subsidiaries, operates the Enterprise Rent-A-Car, National Car Rental and Alamo Rent A Car brands. The company also operates largest fleet of vehicles in the world through a global network of more than 8,200 airport and neighborhood locations. 
                

Show More






Press Contact
Report Inquiries
reporterinquiries@ehi.com





Back to top




Recent News



 Enterprise Truck Rental marks entry into WV market ...


 National Car Rental, Enterprise Rent-A-Car Extend Customer Loyalty to Latin America, the Caribbean ...


 Telematics in Vocational Truck Fleets: Construction ...


 Enterprise Teaming Up With Athlete Network for Fifth Straight Year ...


 Want to Manage Your Fleet on the Go? Enterprise Fleet Management Has a New App for That ...

News and Press Archive





















Enterprise customer service contacts - Elliott






















































 










 Elliott
A site that advocates for you










Enterprise


Enterprise owns the Alamo Rent A Car and National Car Rental brands. It generally offers a quality car rental product, although there are occasional complaints about overly vigilant damage claims.
The company handles customer service complaints by region. If you contact the company through its website, your correspondence will usually be referred to a supervisor in the area in which your rental took place.
600 Corporate Park DriveSt. Louis, MO  63105http://enterprise.comPhone ContactsCustomer Service: (314) 512-5000Toll Free: (800) 264-6350Email Contacts Care@enterprise.comCustomer contact main form
Customer Service Resources(800) 264-6350
(800) 261-7331
Fax: (314) 512-4706
How to get through to a person.
Press 3 at prompt.
Email contact form
Social Media Contacts Facebook TwitterExecutive ContactsPrimary ContactDavid K. NestorSenior Vice President of North American Operations600 Corporate Park DriveSt. Louis, MO  63105(314) 512-5000david.nestor@ehi.comChristine "Chrissy" Taylor-BroughtonExecutive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer600 Corporate Park DriveSt. Louis, MO  63105(314) 512-5742christine.taylor-broughton@erac.comChief ExecutivePamela M. NicholsonPresident and Chief Executive Officer600 Corporate Park DriveSt. Louis, MO  63105(314) 512-5000 x 2070pamela.m.nicholson@ehi.comAn Enterprise contact notes that Nicholson is not in a “customer-facing” position and should not be contacted with customer service problems. We have agreed to note that.
What others have to say about EnterpriseConsumer Affairs
Viewpoints
Best Car Rental Companies
Researched by Christopher Elliott and filed under Car Rental.Last updated: March 16, 2017.






Search

Search for:



 Tweets by @elliottdotorg

 



Our underwriters Allianz Travel Insurance — The Allianz Travel Insurance company has built its reputation on partnering with agents all around the world to provide comprehensive travel insurance for their clients. Contact Allianz Travel Insurance for a comprehensive list of coverage.
Enterprise — A family-owned, world-class portfolio of brands. A global network that spans across more than 85 countries. Some 97,000 dedicated team members sharing common values. And more than 1.9 million vehicles taking our customers wherever they need to go. 
Fareportal — Fareportal’s portfolio of brands, which include CheapOair and OneTravel, are dedicated to helping customers enjoy their trip. Whether you want to call, click, or use one of our travel apps, one thing is clear: We make it easy to take it easy.
Insuremyrentalcar.com – An independent provider of low cost CDW/LDW insurance for use with rental cars. Up to $100,000 cover with no deductible. Policies available on a per day, per trip or per year basis. Also works with overseas rentals. Try Insuremyrentalcar.com now.
LegalShield —
 North America’s leading provider of legal safeguards and protection against identity theft solutions for individuals, families and small businesses. They’ve built a community of 1.65 million members and growing. Their mobile app allows you to connect to your law firm from the palm of your hand. LegalShield provides affordable access to lawyers in all 50 states, empowering citizens and providing peace of mind.

 



 Support this site. If you've benefitted from the stories, posts or executive contacts on this site, please consider supporting us.  You can become an Elliott underwriter by making a donation through PayPal now. The funds will help pay for web hosting, IT services and the expenses for publishing this incredibly useful consumer advocacy site.

You can also use our Amazon affiliate link to do your online shopping. We'll get a small referral fee for each item you purchase. (Note: We don't endorse or promote any products offered online.)

Our underwriters MedjetAssist — MedjetAssist is the premier global and domestic air-medical transport membership program for travelers. If you become hospitalized more than 150 miles from home, and you are a member of MedjetAssist, we will get you from that unfamiliar hospital all the way home to the hospital you trust. All you pay for this bedside-to-bedside is your membership fee. Become a Medjet member today and take advantage of discounted rates available for Elliott.org readers. We’re not insurance, we’re better: MedjetAssist.
Travel Insurance – Squaremouth.com helps travelers easily and instantly compare all the   major travel insurance plans. To ensure customer satisfaction, only   companies that meet squaremouth.com’s strict requirements make it into   the system. You can save over 70 percent on your next policy at Squaremouth.
Travel Leaders Group - Travel Leaders Network assists millions of leisure and business travelers, annually, and is the largest seller of luxury travel, cruises, river cruises and tours in the travel agency industry. It is also the largest travel agent organization selling corporate travel. Led by flagship Travel Leaders-branded travel agencies, the network includes nearly 7,000 Associates and Member travel agencies locations in the United States and Canada and represents more than $21 billion in annual sales volume.

 



 



























Get smart. Sign up for the newsletter.


Subscribe
×








Pamela M. Nicholson: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 6:46 AM ET
Road and Rail

Company Overview of Enterprise Holdings, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Pamela M. Nicholson  Chief Executive Officer and President, Enterprise Holdings, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 8 different industries.See Board Relationships58--
Background

		Ms. Pamela M. Nicholson, also known as Pam, has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Enterprise Holdings Inc. since August 2008 and June 4, 2013 respectively. Ms. Nicholson has been President and Chief Operating Officer at Enterprise Rent-A-Car Company, Inc. since August 2008 and 2004 respectively. She serves as President and Chief Operating Officer of Enterprise Fleet Management, Inc. Ms. Nicholson served as the Chief Operating Officer of Enterprise Holdings ... Inc. from 2003 to June 4, 2013. Ms. Nicholson served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Enterprise Rent A Car Canada Limited. She served as Executive Vice President at Enterprise Rent-A-Car Company, Inc. from 2004 to August 2008. Ms. Nicholson served as Senior Vice President, North American Operations, Rent-A-Car auto leasing for Enterprise from 1999 to 2004. She began her career with Enterprise Rent-A-Car in 1981 as a management trainee at one of Rent-a-car rental offices in St. Louis. Ms. Nicholson started behind the rental counter learning the importance of superior customer service, an Enterprise trademark. Within nine months she was promoted to Assistant Branch Manager and within a year accepted a position in Rent-a-car opened and fast-growing Southern California group. Over the next 12 years, Ms. Nicholson was promoted through the ranks to one of the top operating positions in Southern California - Regional Vice President. In 1994, she becomes a Corporate Vice President at Enterprise's worldwide headquarters. She serves as an Executive Director at ERAC USA Finance LLC. She has been an Independent Director of Hyatt Hotels Corporation since March 27, 2014. Ms. Nicholson serves as a Director of The Crawford Group, Inc. She also serves as Director of Missouri, St. Louis Regional Chamber and Growth Association, the Enterprise Rent-A-Car Foundation and is a generous supporter of a number of social causes in the St. Louis area, including the United Way. She served as a Director of Edgewell Personal Care Company (Formerly Energizer Holdings Inc.) since 2002 until January 2014. Outside of her duties at Enterprise, Ms. Nicholson is involved in community causes including past service on the board of the United Way of Bergen County, New Jersey and served as a member of the board of INROADS of St. Louis, an employment program for minority college students. For the past three years, she has been named to FORTUNE's Most Powerful Women in Business list. Ms. Nicholson holds a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Missouri.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
600 Corporate Park DriveSt. Louis, Missouri 63105United StatesPhone: 314-512-2880Fax: 314-512-4706
Board Members Memberships
Executive DirectorERAC USA Finance LLCDirectorThe Crawford Group, Inc.2014-PresentIndependent DirectorHyatt Hotels Corporation
Education
BA University of Missouri-Columbia
Other Affiliations
Enterprise Rent-A-Car Company, Inc.Edgewell Personal Care CompanyERAC USA Finance LLCUniversity of Missouri-ColumbiaThe Crawford Group, Inc.Enterprise Rent-A-Car Canada LimitedHyatt Hotels CorporationEnterprise Fleet Management, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Enterprise Holdings, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 574000390116023348-420072205590594170

Pamela Nicholson, Enterprise Holdings Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  




























Feedback





Pamela "Pam" Nicholson

President/CEO,
Enterprise Holdings Inc






Career History




President/CEO
Enterprise Holdings Inc, 6/2013-PRESENT


President/CEO
Enterprise Rent-A-Car Co, 8/2008-PRESENT


President/COO
Enterprise Holdings Foundation, 2008-2013


President/COO
Enterprise Holdings Inc, 2008-6/2013


Exec VP/COO
Enterprise Rent-A-Car Co, 4/2004-8/2008


VP:North America Ops
Enterprise Rent-A-Car Co, 1999-4/2004


Various Positions
Enterprise Rent-A-Car Co, 1981-1999


VP/Secretary
Enterprise Holdings Foundation, FORMER


Chairman
Humane Society of Missouri, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.enterpriseholdings.com






Corporate Information
Address:

600 Corporate Park Drive
St Louis, MO 63105
United States


Phone:
1-314-512-5000


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.enterpriseholdings.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Missouri
Bachelor's Degree, Economics, 1981








Awards & Publications



Awards




50 MOST POWERFUL WOMEN IN BUSINESS, FORTUNE MAGAZINE, Ranked 29th, 2010




50 MOST POWERFUL WOMEN IN BUSINESS, FORTUNE MAGAZINE, Ranked 34th, 2009




50 MOST POWERFUL WOMEN IN BUSINESS, FORTUNE MAGAZINE, Ranked 29th, 2008




50 MOST POWERFUL WOMEN IN BUSINESS, FORTUNE MAGAZINE, Ranked 44th, 2007



Show More








Memberships



Board Memberships




Enterprise Holdings Foundation


Board Member, PRESENT




Enterprise Holdings Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




Inroads Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




United Way of Bergen County


Board Member, PRESENT




Humane Society of Missouri


Board Member, PRESENT




Hyatt Hotels Corp


Board Member, 3/2014-PRESENT




Energizer Holdings Inc


Board Member, 9/2002-3/2014




Humane Society of Missouri


Chairman, FORMER



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































